

	 
      Hey! It looks like I'm back at compendium. nifty...  Won't be updating the lobby for awhile, just not worth the trouble on my computer  The true story behind Vincennes: I march now. why do I march now? Why do I where a wool coat, a vest, and long pants that prevent easy removal of shoes?  Why do I carry a badly balanced gun that I can't keep straight up because my hat gets in the way? Because I get a sword. It is a cool sword. It is my mighty sword of smiting. Diss my unit and be smitten by the mighty sword of smiting.   Okay, so I battled once. It was all I could take. The spirit is willing, but the flesh is weak. Sorry, Thomas, I had to use it. You're a far better man than I, doing all four battles, plus drilling and opening and closing colours. Unless that makes you a crazier man. Meanwhile, I got all my work shifts in, met four hot girls at the candy shop, and had a generally good time, though I ended up just as tired from all that bloody walking. I'm out of shape. hour of drilling a day for me... chance not  It rained! hard! We had just got the Marquis(giant tent out of which to sell stuff) all packed, then the three wedges got caught in the rain. We stayed in a leaky fallout shelter under the monument, though it wasn't really necesary. A tree branch fell and scratched the paint off one of the tents. Thats all. If we had started packing up when I said we should have we wouldn't have had to stay another night to dry the tents, but who listens to me?   Stop.
     
    


	 
      It's the last day of school.  Not only that, but it's the last half hour of school. All my senior friends are be gone, save from occasional visits, my freshmen will be sophmores, and we'll have new, more annoying freshmen coming in.  On the plus side, I'm leaving for Vincennes in a couple hours! WOO! First outdoor event of the year! It's a grand encampment, too, so it's going to be uber-crowded. Hopefully lots of business for my dad.  I'm tired of not having money. I need a job.  Stop.
     
    


	 
      I needed to get out. too much junk.  It wasn't a blog, it was a messege board to plan parties.  JournalCons are fun, but thats not the purpose of blogging.  Okay, so here I am... all alone... This sucks, I'm no longer creative by myself! Just check  urlLink The Taj Malobby . Aside from the occasional outburst, its pretty lame. oh well. At least I don't have to worry about things far enough out of control to need rules.  What blog has bylaws? Sure, I made them, and they were necessary, but they shouldn't have been. Now I have my own little space. A spot to mull over things, make abstract ideas make sense. My Recycling Bin.  I suppose I can transfer the good stuff to the lobby. Meanwhile, I need to polish my HTML skillz.
     
    


	 
      Today I did the dumbest thing I could possibly do. Why couldn't I stop myself? Why am I such an imbecile?! I've got to get away for awhile... 
     
    


	 
      I'm a weird guy. Just when you think people get used to it, they surprise you. Maybe I'm not weird enough. I'm weird in a normal way. It's perfectly logical. I'm not weird because I like being weird, or because normal people don't like me, I'm weird because that's honestly the way I am. I'm tired of using the word weird. I'm odd in the way that I can be odd and call other people odd without being a pot calling a kettle black. I really dislike the people who shout out to the world "I'm a Psycho and I'm proud!" and act obnoxious and loud because they think it's cool. It lacks style and orginality. I put a high value on originality. I can act fairly normal for a while, but it stops being original, and I'm acting like some one else. I have control. I am not wild. I am arrogant. I won't say I don't pretend to know everything, because I do pretend to know everything. The thing is, I'm only pretending. I am human. Stop treating me like more or less.   This house is a veritable jackpot of pants! If some one was collecting all the pants in the world and was keeping them in one place, this would be it!  
    


	 
      All right, maybe I won't post that stuff. It's just kind of stupid anyway. I hated it when things come and go, and you can't tell if they are real. Was it chemical? was it genuine? perhaps just wishful thinking. There's too much happening, and not enough happening. I want to leave. I want to fight for something, to protect something. to be needed. Maybe I just have to wait for something. I'm not the most patient. I'll probably break something. What am I saying? I'm the  mostly  harmless eccentric.   
     
    


	 
      Hey, I'm still here, I just need to find time. I've got some interesting random story bits to post later. probably tomorrow afternoon. Combine a bunch of different stories about underground societies of magic and mythical creatures, such as vampires, werewolves, and wizards, then throw in some government conspiracy and maybe a little X-Men like plot devices and you've got it. Hey, my title is kinda like drunkpeople. why would some one want to get drunk, or stoned and act like an idiot when its that much more fun when one is aware of it?  This house is a veritable jackpot of pants! If some one was collecting all the pants in the world and was keeping them in one place, this would be it!
     
    


	 
          I now have lounge pants! No longer must I endure ridicule from champion loungers, for I am finally equipped for complete comfort. Not only do I have lounge pants, I have novelty Mario print lounge pants. The only thing better then lounging in proper lounge attire is lounging in lounge attire with the best-known video game character printed all over it. Seriously, though, these pants are awesome.  They may be having a strange effect on me, though. I've been acting progressively sillier since putting them on. Perhaps the extreme cheerfulness of Mario's character has carried over to me. When I mentioned this to Dad, he told me to take them off. References to obscure musicals were made. The pajama pants are the pants I'm in.  This house is a veritable jackpot of pants! If some one was collecting all the pants in the world and was keeping them in one place, this would be it!
     
    


	 
      I'm tired. And Bored. Bored with a capital B and that rhymes with T and that stands for Time! I have a random thing about time I wrote in the car on the way to Vincennes:  I have lost perception of time. I'm free from it as long as I'm patient. It's not just in cars anymore. It used to be that sitting in a vehicle for more than four hours distorted my time perception. now I have a new sense of time. It could be a subconsious beat from musical inclination, or it could be the side effects of prolongued exposure to block scheduling. Or it could be that I spend so much time thinking on long car trips. Either way, I have more control over the illusion of time. I can ignore it to make it go away, or keep it around as long as I don't need it.  I guess that doesn't make sense. Still, I have trouble remembering if its a grey or maroon day, or whether I've been to school or not.  Wow. I think too much. Or maybe I think too little. Whatever. Time to go.  I like cicadas, thank you very much
     
    


	 
      Pastor Dave is great.  Everytime I hear one of his sermons I consider the job myself. What brings this up is the funeral service for my cousin's baby boy who was killed by one of their dogs. I felt bad about it in the way anyone would feel bad, but it was weird, because I hardly know that side of the family, or almost any part of my family aside from my immediate, and I had never seen Andrew(the baby). But I felt the effect of Andrew on everyone when I was at this service, and could sympathise despite being mostly disconnected.  Um... there was a significant point to this, but of course, its gone now. I need to start carrying a notebook so I can write this when it's still around.  Who ever's on top always wins 
     
    


	 
      While I'm waiting for Thomas, I will complain about my summer reading project, and reflect on it's pointlessness, revived by the comiserations of Nathaniel Cornstalk, a friend and fellow blogger at both  urlLink Compendium  and  urlLink Society's Pants . The assignment entails a research paper either supporting or challenging a literary criticism of  The Scarlet Letter.  Basically, I'm criticizing a criticism; somewhat redundant, if you ask me. While asking Nathan which criticism to criticize, he points out this pointlessness    and suggests a brilliant, yet possibly risky plan: Work with Thomas on our own criticisms and criticize eachothers' works. It's just crazy enough to work. If we can pull it off, we could have more credit for less work, and probably have a bit of fun while doing it, rather than the insanely monotonous task of reading some old fart's opinion of a book I find mostly boring anyway. If it doesn't work, we've still got our journals and the rest of the six weeks to recover. I hope I qualify as an "astute, educated, reliable reader."   Whoever's on top always wins    
     
    


	 
      Whoever's on top always wins
     
    


	 
      Jekyll and Hyde draws near, as does school. I need to get a lot of work done, and thus have very little amusement to write for any loyal readers. Jonah, you have permission to snicker should your journalism camp allow you the time. Speaking of journalism, whats with adds on the front page? The Star is selling out. That sounds weird. selling out to whom? the public? thats who its for! but still, adds on the front page isn't right.  Pray for Kaylee if you're the sort who prays! Her family is losing the house and they need approval for an appartment or something, and they need support of anykind.   I know I had something else to say when I started writing, but I can't remember what it was, so  Whoever's on top always wins 
     
    


	 
      I really want to post this funny thing that happened to some guy we camp with, but I'm too lazy to try and remember the whole thing, so just laugh for me.  This house is a veritable jackpot of pants! If some one was collecting all the pants in the world and was keeping them in one place, this would be it! 
     
    


	 
        style='font-family : Arial, Verdana, Helvetica, sans-serif; border-collapse: collapse; border: 1px solid black;' cellspacing='0' cellpadding='2' align='center'>    Who is in your celebrity family? by  urlLink  cerulean_dreams        User Name           Mom    Jamie Lee Curtis      Dad    Jim Carrey      Brother    Justin Timberlake      Sister    Drew Barrymore      Dog    Rin tin tin      Boyfriend    Steve Irwin      Best friend    Johnny Depp             Created with the ORIGINAL  urlLink  MemeGen  !         This house is a veritable jackpot of pants! If some one was collecting all the pants in the world and was keeping them in one place, this would be it!
     
    


	 
      Okay, Im really busy with Jekyll and Hyde. Ill have an interesting story up about a guy that stuff happens too later.  This house is a veritable jackpot of pants! If some one was collecting all the pants in the world and was keeping them in one place, this would be it!
     
    


	 
      Today is my birthday. I'm Seventeen. I don't have a driver's license. I'll get one next week. I've been bored all day. That shouldn't happen to anyone on their birthday. Just kinda been on the computer all day, using up every resource of online entertainment I care to access. I'm out of the sluggy archives, I've watched most of the flash videos on weebl and b3ta, and all of the toons on ill will press. On a brighter note, Mawee organized a last ditch effort to give me a birthday party! Is it not nifty? I got so caught up in compendium and not being able to have a birthday journalcon cuz of everyone being in marching band or on vacation, I completely forgot I had other friends till I got online. I feel stupid. Oh well, they love me anyway! I is special. YOu know whats interesting? This year, My birthday falls on the exact half way point through the year. thats right, my  birthday is on the one-hundred-eighty-third day of the leap-year. Exactly half way through. Mmmmyep. This house is a veritable jackpot of pants! If some one was collecting all the pants in the world and was keeping them in one place, this would be it!
     
    


	 
      lol...The Little (Spanish) Pimps.  Nice. Anyways...Marten, you're not the only one stressed.  I think we all are...and everyone in the play is totally needing to be avoided.  So, I understand.  lol, I know my personal reason for being so moody...but ya'll prolly don't care nor want to know.  Yep.  I hope you get un-stressed soon...I miss the old Marten who didn't yell at me for painting the wrong way in stage tech.  :-( SQ(u)EE!
    


	 
      O yeah, I knew that. I saw that he died on the news. hehe. didn't make name connection, never watched price is right.    Erin is the lead in the play. yay erin! I am sad, i think. maybe im just tired.  I need to do speech. the play is affecting me more than I thought it would.  indirectly, of course.  stress pipes. yarg, you interpret. thinky sleep good, burritos.   Sophia:  "its not you, its me" I appologize for moodiness. I stressy. need a punching bag and a very long nap. stuff is leaky.  
    


	 
      Erin is a senior who is friend of Comstocks, Marten, and Thomas. By the way Nathan, I posted a blank message accidently while trying to edit a former post, so I had to find some way to use it. I wasn't trying to be nasty or anything. Death to Mr. Hall! SQEE!
    


	 
      Who's Erin?  haha.  Ln has one Native American.  haha.  I find that funny for some reason.  I want to apologize, Marten, for acting like such a...umm...butt-munch?  today.  I don't know what's going on...just some odd hormonal imbalance or something.  Oh well.  Enough about my body's chemistry.  Who's Erin?   SQEE!
    


	 
      Found a useful website today.  Comparative information on public schools of Indianapolis can be found  urlLink here .  All the vital stats, as they say.  I find it really funny that LN has exactly one Native American student.  I think I know her. You know what annoys me?  Ugly people who like to shout across the computer lab about their social lives to equally ugly people.  Hicks is a good, stereotypical word for them, or maybe white trash.  They like to verbally abuse each other. Marten: Bob Barker?  The "Price is Right" guy?  You are so out of it. Thomas: Point taken. SQEE!
    


	 
      Who's Robert?  I hope that text thingy works. I hope I remember to do it. I also hope I remember to do my original oratory manuscript. Thomas wrote his in one night. I laugh. Laugh with me its funny. So was BOO!, a bunch of "scary" shorts that LC players perform.      anywhy, I could've sworn either Nathan or Jonah said something about Lara. Maybe it was just Thomas.  Michael said her posts weren't funny. We must all obey the Great Michael!.    Sophia: there wasn't a real poll. um. don't hit me.  or anything.  Jonah:  I want a spork of doom.  Thomas: I can't go another day without central heating.  Nathan: I hope that works.  Lara wont make a very good minion.    Lara:  You can still post, can't you? I knew I forgot something!  Erin: HEY! ERIN! um... YOU HAVE ABSOLUTELY NO TIME TO POST RIGHT NOW(oops), SO I'M NOT GONNA BOTHER TELLING YOU TO DO SO!(ewok, be happy)  You know, I could take Lara off just cuz this is a lot of people to have on a blog. The spell check on this prgram didn't know the words ewok, Jonah, or Erin. I thought everyone knew those.
    


	 
      See below to see what it would like if I posted as much as you all. SQEE!
    


	 
      SQEE!
    


	 
      The results are in for state. I have the scores but not allowed to post 'em. Sorry Jonah. LC got fourth, which is disappointing compared to last year's second place, but I am still happy with a great performance. We got 6th in music and that is what dragged us down. We got 3rd in visual, and 3rd in general effect. Indy regionals and Grand Nationals will be very exciting.  Nathan: I shared your soul with Jonah and it gave me a soar throat :( Jonah: PiE! Huzzah for marching band despite the Protests of Marten and Soph Sophia: When are we gonna get a duo?! By the way, I do not post often because my posts would be pointless if I did. I only post when I have something to say.  SQEE!
    


	 
      Rest in Peace, Robert Barker.  If all dogs go to heaven, you're gonna have a hard time when they found out who told their owners to spay and nueter them.  Just kidding.  You were a good man, and we hate to lose you.  The price was wrong. I know I've had a lot of Oklahoma titles recently, but it's what I know really well. Marten, go to View, Text size, Medium.  That should solve your problem.  It was a genetics project.  Soph, I likle that name better than Mindless robots and some of the others.  Lara, I'll support you, but only if you agree to be my minion.  Thomas, post more often.  Jonah, you're allergic to souls, remember?  SQEE!
    


	 
      Marten, was this one of those "Hey, Thomas do you think?" polls? 'Cause Nate and I don't remember being polled either.  As long as I'm posting, it's time for the State report-LN version.  We recieved 6th place, a seemingly bad spot.  In fact, though, we were 2nd place in marching to Avon by 3/4 of a point and third in music.  We were only 6th because we were eighth in general effect, and that could be attributed to our band being very small compared to the others.  This made us too quiet for the dome and ruined the pianissimos at the beginning and end of the show, which contributed to the low effect score.  So really, the score isn't so bad considering what we had against us. We still should have beat Carmel.  But we were winners anyway, because we drink milk.  In other news I'm wearing a birthday hat.  Yay! And Now, Mtto5:  Marten:  Nope, didn't get smaller for me.  Also, don't tell Lara but I'm with you.  Thomas:  Now you write the LC version!  Larry:  Nice Poem. Also, don't tell Marten, but I'm with you. Also also, your new title scheme is Famous Chiropractors.  Have Fun.  Sophia:  I like your poems, too.  I like the second one better.  The first one has a few lines that don't sound poetic enough.  Nathan:  I will eat your soul with my spork of doom.  SQEE!
    


	 
      Haha...I think this is possibly the stupidest band name I've thought of for this thing.  It's quite possible.  lol.  Anyways...I don't remember the poll either.  And I've gotten over my problem with not being the only girl on here...so I think she should stay!  lol Larry's funny.  Anyways.   Life is pretty boring.  Everyone's sick.  It's dreadful.  I hate being sick.SQEE!
    


	 
       What polls? I never saw any polls?! I should be allowed to vote too! If I really have been voted off then why is this post showing up? hmm?!?! I help out here! You're nothing but a BIG MEANIE MEANIE MEANIE!!! phoo...I hate you...I LOATHE you! lol LARRY LIVES!!!  SQEE!
    


	 
      Did the print suddenly shrink for anyone else? its giving me a headache.  Lara, I apologize, but the polls are in and you've been voted off of the blog. Obviously, you'll still be able to read it and if you have anything good to post you can post it through my name.    68 on what? SQ(u)EE!
    


	 
      Ok, I've calmed down.  I get fits of rage sometimes; I'm better now.  Plus it was pointed out to me that it's a 68 out of 80, which is actually closer to an 83%.  I'd just seen the 68 and assumed it was a percentage.   I know that's not the actual name of the song, but it makes more sense and I'm lazy.   SQUEE!
    


	 
      Lisa, since I know you read this, my e-mail has been down since the move (a little over a month).  I can finally recieve messages now, but I can't send them.  Secondly, well, I'll get to that when I can reply to you.  I didn't want you to think I was being petty. Sorry, everyone else.  It's always a little stressful to get a months worth of E-mails all at once, and Lisa's were only slightly less annoying than Amazon.com's: Problem with your billing information.  Your order will be canceled in... 10...9...8...7...6.  Lucky I got to it now.  It still delays my order by 6 frickin' days. Other general complaints: My title scheme is to frickin' hard, Levi hogs the computer too much, and the flickering light above my head is really starting to get annoying.  Oh, and Ms. Knapp can take her 68% and stuff it. (I don't know what she can stuff, it just seemed like the right thing to say.) Errrr..... SQUEE!
    


	 
      I was at my friend's house and she has this book from the library called the Encyclopedia of Serial Killers. It had all these serial killers and what they did listed and all sorts of creepy sadistic things. Its also had some "symptoms" for phsycopathic/serial killery...ness. There was bedwetting until adolesence as one and animal torture and obsession with fire too.. I like fire (-^^-) lol  Eeww, Marten, that game is gross. Even if it isn't really that graphic its just... =p. And its 6:15 when you come in! 6:15!  Sophia: thnx =D and you're welcome  I can't think of a title scheme so just give me one and I'll stick to it.  SQUEE!
    


	 
      Havent seen him since Bang Bang, still havent got the tape, have you?  Sorry i couldn't help much poeticly.  6:30 Marten turns the light on so I barely make it to the bus  A freind of mine sent me a link to this weird game. Its called city jumper or sumthin, the object being to jump over sky scrapers, lest ye end up as a pool of blood. Kind of fun in a wierd time wasting way. http://www.albinoblacksheep.com/flash/cityjumper.php  SQEE!
    


	 
      lol...get it?  Rachael Aull?!  hahaha, man I'm so funny.  Anyways...she's doing speech this year?  SO EXCITING!!!  Thanks you guys for helping me with my poems...lol for those of you who actually commented (cough Lara cough), your comments were really fantastic.  Thanks so much!  And your poem...(trying to think of perfect word here)...wow.  That's all I can think of to say right now.  You know?    Anyways...I don't actually know if it's based purely on the writing or on performance...I'd guess that it's based on the writing since there are other performing categories...but I really don't know!    Gracias, señors/señorita!!  SQEE!
    


	 
      I'm not much for free verse poetry.  I think it's more of an expression for yourself than for others.  For me it is anyway, its how I vent. Not surprisingly, the only real poems I've written in the last two years or so, class assignments excluded, have been about Laura.  There's one in my other blog.  My problem is, whenever I write a poem I actually like, it's to personal for me to share with anyone.  I find I can't write poetry about something unless I really, deeply, care about it, in which case I can't share it. Getting back to the point, I really can't judge because I just can't get into that form of poetry.  I don't know enough about what makes it 'good' -- seems pretty arbitrary to me.  My question is, do you perform it, or are you being judged purely on the writing? Lara - don't you think Tiny Explosions fits Sophia's title scheme better? Marten - It's Larry.  Rachael's doing speech, and he's offered to help out like our dad is. Secret soul, by the way, is a super cool duet from "Jane Eyre the Musical" SQUEE!
    


	 
      Alrighty then. My title scheme is just things that have absolutly nothing to do with my post unless of course you dissect it and it might have something to do with it.  About poetry, you have come to the right person. Marten, poetry doesn't have to rhyme, but its still fun to find words that do. Your poems are great already. Believe me I've been published. I personally think that the first draft is usually the best. It shows what your thinking at the exact moment of writing and that is usually the deepest point of that partiular emotion. Here's one of mine that I just wrote Thursday. I was listening to SOAD and I was so tired I didn't  even want to get up and turn off my cd player or my the light. I barely reached for my notebook to write it down:  "Waking Up Is Hard To Do"  5:00 Radio turns on automatically I pound my fingers on the large button on top It stops  5:05 Radio turns on automatically I pound my fingers on the button Radio still plays I pound harder Radio still plays I retreat back under my comforter Radio talks about  Sex Gays Enhancements Trends Money, money, money Sell, sell, sell Buy, buy, buy I shrink further beneath the comforter I hide I fear to face the cold angry winds outside my bedroom The radio is just a taste of what hides outside my safe haven My heaven  My lounge  My healing  5:20 I mash the button again Radio stops I roll over to doze in my newfound silence Silence.. When all are at peace  5:25 Radio plays automatically I try to shut it out Try to think I try to be at peace No success I wish to die I reconsider my wish I give into the Radio Set me free   SQEE!
    


	 
      Um, I dont know much about poetry. About all I can say is that its kind of intersting, but it doesnt rhyme. I wonder if i could ever get excited for anything like that.  Maybe opening night of a show I'm involved in somehow is the equivelent. your father?  That would be interesting. Unless of course im wrong, then it might be more interesting.  SQEE!
    


	 
      Hey guys, my diary won't let me post...so you'll get to give me feedback instead!  lol I wrote two poems (so far) for Project XL and I'd like to know what you think.  I don't think they're the best I've written ever...so...please...be nice.  "Change Over Time"  My 7th Grade Teacher's Favorite phrase used to seem Absurd, abstract.  But now I see, That behind the times, there really has been Change Over Time.  Once the world was dead, dark, desolate, but by dawn there came lights.  Light from the sun, Light from man's brilliance. But these lights Couldn't be relied upon.  So we're ever-searching, ever-wondering: What prompted this Change Over Time?  ~*~ (Insert Title Here…possibly “A Moment”)  The sun rises over a dying cornfield.  Crows take flight awakened by the sudden, blinding light.  Their world has changed in an instant.  One moment forever altering their future.   So, as I said, not the best I’ve ever written.  I think my time when poetry was easy for me is over.  Now I have to work for it.  So this is just the first draft.  Yep.  So please tell me! SQEE!
    


	 
      I'm really excited about State tomorrow.  The odd thing about that is, I'm not in marching band.  I'm excited like a normal person would be about the World Series or the Super Bowl, or like I would be about the season Premier of Stargate.  I want to see how it turns out.  Anything can happen. I've been forced into doing USX at Connersville.  That gives me about a week to learn how to Extemp. and put together a file with absolutely know help.  To make matters worse, no one knows where last years is (not that it would do us all that much good anyway).  Amar(at least two of you knows him, so I figure he's ok) has quite unexpectedly offered to give me a hand, and I'm grateful, if a bit confused.  His sister donated a bunch of stuff too, but shes actually nice sometimes so it was less surprising.  I still don't have enough.   Marten, guess who's gonna be judging and helping us out at speech meets?  Hint: it's an LN parent you know very well..... SQEE!
    


	 
      The procrastinator is from thief of time.  It may be paraphrased though, I haven't read it in a while.   Sorry about disappearing regularly at Thomas'.  I was just a bit restless and bored. Had to move around.  Lara: Your title scheme cannot be invisible.  If it was invisible, we would not be able to see your titles.  I will kick you if you do not lower stealth fields.  And technicly, the only way someone passes any class like its nothing is by getting a D.  That proves that it's nothing (important) and its passing. You get no points.
    


	 
      You know Alex?! OMG he is soo hott! He was in Jazz Band, Honors Chamber, and regular concert orchestra last year at FCV, so everyone knows who he is. Thats why making Jazz Band was so important to me, it makes me feel like I'm really, really good but now I feel like everyone is watching me to see if I'm as good as he is. Now I guess since I'm first chair now, with no practice, I might skip over to the eighth grade orch. if I DO practice...hmm...Or else I'll just be really, really, really good...Or maybe its because the other three are really, really bad...  Marten and Sofa:  You know what'll be really funny?! When I  have Mr. Hall and I pass his class like its nothing. lol but the way you guys are talking I probably wont...poopoo.. SQuEE!
    


	 
      For those of you who don't know, I'm a section editor for the North Star, our newspaper.  I'm currently overbooked, working on two stories and a page.   Story 1: The Skinny on Wrestling.  Sarah, editor of our quarterly magazine MEOW, had the brilliant idea of taking the two least athletic people on staff, and making them participate in various sports for the magazine.  This eventually led to The Skinny.  In it's final incarnation, Colin Dugdale and I (the aforementioned least athletic people) attend a wrestling (this issue, anyway) practice and observe.  Afterward, we get together with the few of the guys, don the uniforms, and wrestle each other.  Pictures are taken and everyone laughs at us. (Fun gig, eh?)  We've watched the practice, we have to do the stuff and write the story Monday. Story 2: Regime makes (wins, loses, etc.) State.  The other girl in both North Star and Marching Band and I are splitting this story because we're the only two people on staff willing to attend the competition.  Because of the nature of it, we can't even do interviews until the end of Saturday, and we'll write the story on Monday. Page: I'm always responsible for designing the feature page, usually at least a two day proccess.  Because all the reporters with stories on the page got extensions, I haven't been able to start it.  Due: Monday.  So that's my Monday.  My Journalism class will be spent writing the Regime Story, SRT wrestling with Colin, and I'll stay after to design the page.  Or else I'll make the assistant features editor design the page by herself.  I hate having to give up the fun one, though.  The moral of this post:  Don't volunteer to do two stories in one weekend if you also have a page to design and the paper gets sent to press Tuesday! And Now Mtto4  Nathan:  AD&D? All over again? Why not?  Marten:  Where does the procrastinator quote come from?  Lara:  Actually, we have an electric bass in our marching band this year.  Alex Shumard - he's in the pit.  Sophia:  So there is no Matthew Broderick-Nathan Lane version?
    


	 
      Mr. Hall is an idiot...for those of you who don't know, he's our speech teacher, and he's the devil incarnate.  I hate him soooooooo (times infinity and one) much.  GRRR!!  My oratory isn't due until the last day, though...but I still need to work on it.  so ha.   Anyways...my friend (the one who burned me the CD and told me to rent the video) told me this morning that the Producers we rented last night was the only one.  I'm super sorry guys...I was looking for the songs.  SORRY!  lol and sorry for yelling so much...ya'll just wouldn't stop talking!  GOSH!  Anyways...working on burning the CD for you Thomas and Comstock.  lol I don't remember which one of you asked me for the CD...was it Nathan?  I think it was...I can't remember!  AGHSH!!! lol SQEE!
    


	 
         Hmm.... I guess it could be fun, and if its the simple version, I guess.  (ARG BLOODY ORATORY) Hey Lara, (AGH! SPEECH) large mound of insignifigance is (BLAME!) funny, but (DEATH TO MR. HALL!) you really need a real title scheme.  (AAAAAAAAAGH!) I really need to go work on something(IMPORTANT!) important now. I'll be awhile.  SQ(u)EE!
    


	 
      I am so bored I'm posting for the third time today. ( -.- ')I have nothing to do. The lock in at church started 45 minutes ago so they're all having good times without me. Broomball... Corn Maze... Cosmic bowling... All the pizza and soda you could ever want... Its not really much of a lock in but I went last year and it was awesome.  The Dungeons and Dragons thing sounds pretty cool even though I have no idea how to play, but oh well, I'll learn. Since I'm so bored here's some li'l pictures:  =^.^= maow!   -^.^-)>   (>-^.^-  t(-^.^-t) finger givin' kirby man!!  
    


	 
      So, I was unpacking the other day, and I came across an old dusty box that I'd mindlessly packed into another box.  I opened it up and found a wealth of stuff from when Levi, Jonah, and I used to play Dungeons and Dragons together -- character sheets, maps, dice, and the old second addition books.  I realized that I really want to get back into it again -- and I'd like to invite you all to join me, Lara included.  I'm telling Tyler Rudd, Paul Simmons, and a few others you don't know about it, and I'm hoping to get together a diverse adventure group of 5 or 6 people.  I volunteer to be dungeon master, but if someone else wants the job, I'm open to different arrangements.  It's a lot of work though.  Don't say no till you've thought about it.  Old fashioned pen and paper RPGs, with the right group of people, can be really fun, and we're going to use 'simplified' rules, so learning the basics should take maybe an hour, hour and a half tops.  It's just an idea right now, but if enough people are interested, it'll end up actually happening. WIGII!
    


	 
      MSN sucks. I've been rp chatting with an email address that said I was 13 since I was 10 and now that I'm actually 13 irl it says that i have to be 18 or older to chat. ''>.  SQUEE!
    


	 
      Mmmm Bacon... Umm I can't join marching band because...I can't. I'm not in band, I'm first chair bassist! Before you ask, there are four others I have to compete with. whoohoo go me... Maybe next week I'll just bring an air freshener for everyone. Marten, don't hit Pixy with your stick. He's cool. He might be a bit of an anarchy freak but he's still nice. Maybe I should just tell you that I go out with someone I hate so you'l beat them up for me...hmmm SQuEE!    
    


	 
      Lol, Marten might need to get his stick out of his closet.    Nathan :  Alright, I apologize, I'm sorry.  I was kinda being mean calling you a donkey and stuff (cuz that was the ass I was referring to).    Jonah :  Of course there are other guys!  lol, you didn't seriously think ya'll were the only guys I flirted with!  I can at least think of four others off the top of my head.  And about Claire...I am sorry, but I still think high school relationships are pretty stupid, so I knew ya'll were gonna break up.  It's just a fact of life right now.  But I'm very proud of you for breaking up amicably.  That's always wonderful.  So...support!  Larry :  Haha, my nickname's Sofa, so it's all good.  And, yes, it's only the FCV band room that smells like that.  I actually noticed that while I was there, too!  LC's band room isn't bad at all...you just have to ignore how many sweaty marching band members have practiced in there and it smells perfectly normal!  lol.  BTW:  You aren't considering joining marching band...are you?????  Marten :  You turd muffin!  You didn't say anything about my wonderful couch!!!  lol just kidding...but you still didn't say anything to me.  :-(.  hehe  So...that's it.  See ya'll tonight!!!!!  SO EXCITED!!! SQUEE!
    


	 
       Nate: Sorry about the cursing, but the first attack was baseless and the second attack was below the belt.   Like my least favorite post of yours, Maria, If you didnt spend so much time on the people, and just got to the point, I wouldn't be complaining. Especially if you didn't even know the people, u didnt have to list them. You could just get to your point of the post.  Jonah:  Well, I didn't know whether or not I should be sorry, you said you broke up on good terms.  Sorry about ignoring your problems.  Lara:  um, wait for the band folks.  I like your bass, don't trade it. And while I could just kick people off left and right, I wouldn't be left with anyone to blog with.  I don't want to do this alone, it would turn into a diary kind of thing with a whole lot of rambling about stuff no one cares about, and i can do that in my head.            Maybe gossip was a bad word.  Rambling about people and events to which we can't relate would be better.  Like when Lara apologized about rambling about some guy who wants to be her boyfreind.  Of course, I should like to know more, in case I have to get my stick out of my closet...
    


	 
      Above quote is from an interview with the author of I am the Cheese and its a great book and i just think that sounded cool and I want to read all of this other books. Tell me if they're good if you've read any. Sorry for all of the 'and's and stuff I'm kinda tired. I havent posted in a while because Marten ish always on so this might be a little long and boring. Alrighty then, the whole Larry thing started because Thomas didn't want to be called Tommy and he said that if i called him Tommy then he would call me Larry just to bug me but it doesn't bug me too much so I'm trying to get my other friends to call me Larry as well but they either forget or they just don't want to for some reason. =p So far only Pixy calls me that but i think its because he wants to be my boyfriend. wohoo im rambling!! Is it just FCV or do all band rooms smell like socks and old Saltine crackers? I seem to be the only person who gets a little screwed up in the head after jazz band but its probably because everyone else is used to it. I now regret not trading my bass guitar in for the mushroom shaped one. It was really pretty and i could've traded my Westone for it but I didn't so now I want it but I have to wait until next year to trade. BTW whats wrong with gossip?!?! Some gosip can be good gossip! Most everything I say is gossip anyways...  (sry for all the 'I's I didn't capitalize in the haste of writing this post) SQuEE! what are we revolting against my brother for? he could take us all off the member list and we wouldnt be able to post anymore...
    


	 
      Fighting makes me sad.  I wish my friends would be nice to each other.  It's also kinda sad that in all this turmoil my actual problems are being ignored.  But, then again, this is a blog not an AA meeting, and I get the feeling nobody liked Claire anyway.  I don't know what else to say.  It hurts to come looking for support and instead find your friends cursing at each other about stupid stuff.   And Now, Mtto4*   Marten:  sorry about Claire  I think ? btw, I don't appreciate cursing at all.  I respect your right to use it when you deem it necessary, but keep in mind that I'm opposed to it.  Sophia:  There are other guys!?!?   Thomas:  LC's always been nice to us, in a we're very proud of you but you won't beat us sort of way, so you can see why beating you would be nice.  Nathan:  Maybe you were being a jerk, but I enjoyed the biting sarcastic way you went about it *Mtto# only includes people who have posted since my last post.
    


	 
      I still this you're being asses as much as I am.  But I don't want this to be what this blog thing is about, so I'm going to try and comply with what you're saying.  With the party tomorrow and everything, I don't want us to be on bad terms.  That doesn't mean I'm agreeing with you.  It just means I'll try and keep the 'gossip' as you call it down, and we'll end this whole argument.  Cause if this isn't fun, theres no point. A few other notes: The spell bowl people: I didn't know any of them either.  All I know about them is that they had their names on the list but didn't sign up.  I was complaining about lack of commitment in general.  I didn't post the dream here because it was all about people you guys don't know.  I'm serious there, I didn't think it would interest you.  Believe it or not, most of what I've said is stuff I've thought would interest you, I mean, if you told me about similar problems I would genuinely be interested, whether I knew the people or not.  That's why it made me so mad. Anyway, it's over now.  Back to our regularly scheduled sillyness. SQEE!
    


	 
      Nathan, you really were being an ass there.  That was uncalled for.  And really stupid.  You know what Marten and I meant...and I thought your story about your loveseat was quite entertaining.  lol just kidding...but it reminds me of a little couch I had when I was younger...it was blue and you could pull off the seat and it was a toy box!!! it was the coolest thing ever!!!  I loved it!  My dad bought it for me...but the fact that my butt got too big for it, plus the fact that I didn't play with toys anymore caused me to sell it.  Memories.    Anyways, back to whatever.  I just want to read interesting stuff...not stuff about these girls you like who I don't even know.  You know?  I mean...I could write about all the guys I flirt with in a day...and you wouldn't know half of them.  So would you really want to read that?  I didn't think so.  So...there.  lol see you tomorrow! SQUEE!
    


	 
      ::Come to think of it, Marten, so is the History you're so fond of.:: Ok Nate, what the Fuck? Thats right, youve been enough of an ass to get me to curse on a fucking blog. What the hell are you talking about, this history im so fond of?  Thomas is the history buff, Im just a hereditary reinactor!  I never thought id get this bull shit from you of all people. ::Also, this all comes back to what I said at the Socrates Cafe about how individuals are defined by society and to deny that society is to deny a part of yourself. Therefore, "gossip" as you call it is actually and important form of self-examination, studying onesself by ones relationships with others. Viewed in this light, it's an incredibly high brow form of communication, moreso than you're piddly rants.::  Gossip isnt a form of self examination, its a form of examining others.  Besides, Im really only complaining about solve..problem..maria, And sound of music(a bloody list) the stuff in all that jazz would be funny in moderation, I thought the rating with decimals and everything was funny.  your making this a bigger deal than it is. SQEE!
    


	 
      :: prompting Dad (I mention him despite that he's another person, please don't interpret this as 'gossip')::  Nate : Your making an ass of yourself. We all know your dad. but in your post, how do you solve a problem like maria, You just went on about things that had no relevance to anything. we dont know amanda, drew, jane, katherine, and some other people we dont know. Well, we might know katherine, but thats beside the point!  I don't mind you talking about speech meets, or spell bowl, or whatever, but when the whole thing is described in great detail, It gets rather boring, especially when you talk and complain about people who, to the perception of the majority of the blog, don't exist!  Why don't you post your dream here? If it was interesting....   Thomas: Its not censorship.  Its editing. No seriously though, I'm not deleting anything he writes, I'm just complaining about the boring stuff he writes about people unknown.  There is a difference. Some on, read some of those old posts, do you want more like that? The time one, that was interesting.  Sophia: thanks for the support  Jonah:  sorry about claire, I think.   A response to the second attack right now would make the post too long
    


	 
      Sophia supporting Censorship... Didn't see that one coming. Anywho, Jonah ideally we have a one two finish, but we shall see how this shapes up. I hope we beat LN, because I hope that we will beat every band. To Jonah: Glad Claire coming won't be too awkward for you. You know what would be fun? One day where the United States was just a massive anarchy. Would be interesting to see how things would play out. I shall see you all thursday at six.  SQEE!
    


	 
      Can't we all just get along? Well, I broke up with Claire today.  The break-up doesn't bother me too much; I saw it coming a long time ago, and I did, after all, break it off.  What gets me is her reaction.  I was putting it off because of my fear that she'd be angry or sad, but what she did was much worse.  She smiled, said ok, and was completely unbothered by it.  In fact she almost seemed relieved.  It doesn't do much for my ego, and it confirms my belief that the whole relationship was meaningless.  What a waste of a chunk of my life.  Well, at least people like Kiel can't say I've never had a girlfriend (or for that matter never been to State).  I hope we beat LC just so I can rub it in his face.  That would be rich.  No time for Mtto5 today, too close to last time.  Consider the first line of my post my message to everyone. To Thomas's I add: I was kinda kidding, but whatever. Btw, this doesn't mean Claire won't be there on Thursday.  We "broke up amicably."
    


	 
      Just to keep this from degrading into a warzone, I'm going to agree not to mention any other people in my blog whatsoever.  Unfortunately, this limits my choice of topic somewhat.  I think I'll talk about one of my favorite inanimate objects: My useless couch. (Technically, it's actually a 'loveseat', but I hesitate to say that, lest my mention of love be interpreted as a complaint that I don't have a girlfriend and hence be percieved of as 'gossip')  It's made of leather and it has a massive gash in it.  I ripped it myself, several years ago, prompting Dad (I mention him despite that he's another person, please don't interpret this as 'gossip') to want to throw it away, but I convinced him to let me put it in my room.  I have since not sat on it once.  This pointless, boring story is exactly what it sounds like, and is typical of how interesting something can be when it contains no people.  But, I wouldn't want you to think of it as 'gossip'. I'd be interested to see your choice of literature.  Pretty much every book I've read and every movie I've seen has contained people you don't know, so I think you'd consider it pretty boring.  Shakespeare?  Terry Pratchett?  Star Wars?  Bunch of 'gossip'.  Come to think of it, Marten, so is the History you're so fond of.  I don't know anyone who lived back then, do you?  By your definition, wouldn't that make it 'gossip'? By the way, I'm gonna need you're guy's help with an Etymology project over fall break, anyone who can come.  We're going to film a scene from Beowulf (an old English bit of 'gossip' about a guy you don't know) and dub it over in old English.  I might decide to use a scene from an old movie though.  I'll keep you posted.  There are other interesting projects going on, many of which I think you'd want to hear about, but since they involve people you don't know, you'd just call them 'gossip'. SQEE!
    


	 
      Yeah, well this is what I think of you.  ::points to butt::  so hmph.  I think society is crap and the same goes for your view.  Just kidding.  But at least gossip about people we know.  Otherwise it truly is pointless.  Cuz you're just talking to yourself.  SQEE!
    


	 
      Marten started the Blog, but only officially.  It was my idea, and was actually started while I was over at his house.  I'm as much responsible for having started it as he is.  Also, this all comes back to what I said at the Socrates Cafe about how individuals are defined by society and to deny that society is to deny a part of yourself.  Therefore, "gossip" as you call it is actually and important form of self-examination, studying onesself by ones relationships with others.  Viewed in this light, it's an incredibly high brow form of communication, moreso than you're piddly rants. And don't go saying it's "more of a musical scene", and yes, there most likely will be a second attack at some point. SQEE!
    


	 
      lol...kinda like the Shirelles *since that's how you SPELL it and everything* but also having a Marten-esque touch.  I like it.    In reference to the revolt against Marten -I'm with Marten on this one.  He's the one who invited us onto this blog, so it's still officially his.  He made it, so if he doesn't like what you're posting then you need to make another blog for those posts.  Talk about interesting stuff.  Like how hot I am.  :-) Anyways, I got all my money stolen today.  I think it happened before 3rd block.  I'm so sad, that was all the money I'd saved up...$49.  lol, that's not even two allowances...so I just need to wait 2 weeks and I'll have more money than that, but, you know, it's the idea.  Someone stole from me.  That's so sad.  Sorry...I'm traumatized. Anyways (again) Pre-show is fun.  Marten, when is the fall play?  lol...isn't it November 6, 7, and 8?  Cuz I want to invite people to see my StArRiNg RoLe...lol...not...but I don't know when to tell them to come!   Anyways (I need to stop saying that) SO EXCITED ABOUT THURSDAY!!!! SQUEE!
    


	 
      Superb idea Jonah with the name scheme. Fight the POWER!! Yay state is this weekend. I am very excited. Should be a very interesting finish. Yay Moby Dick/Producers extrangvaganza Thursday. I am very excited. It should be an interesting finish.  SQEE!
    


	 
      You'll notice a change from the regular scheme today- my title, while still following the scheme- has nothing to do with the content.  This is because what little content there is doesn't start with D.   Oddly enough Nathan DOES sound like a prep. By contrast, you'll notice I haven't mentioned my girlfriend once on this blog.  Actually that's kinda worrysome. If she's uninvolved enough with my life that I can neglect to mention her for 3 entries, including the one with the first letter of her name as the main letter, I probably don't spend enough time with her.  I've been thinking about that a lot.  I realize that I don't really love her, so I should probably break up with her.  Then when I try to, I realize I really don't want to lose her, and I figure I must love her or atleast like her a lot.  Kind of a vicious cycle, but I'm gonna have to figure it out one way or another.   Anyway, we took the PSATs (pronounced: pissats) today.  How boring.  I had a scary Jolly Rancher experience and ate some cookies, and that's about it.  Oh yeah, and I'm writing about the Regime at State for North Star, and I also designed a killer feature page on Halloween.  I'm becoming quite the trendy designer, if I do say so myself. And Now, MTTO5  Thomas:   Maybe you're name scheme could be that all your entries are called Welcome to Fred.  It'd be funny.  Nathan:  Way to stand up for yourself! You can post whatever the shrell you want.  Marten:  Sorry I just used your word.  Sophia:   You know I'd be swooning if I didn't have a girlfriend.  Lara:   Welcome to the blog.    i33nbS
    


	 
      I had a really crazy dream last night.  So I've recorded it in my  urlLink dream log . I suggest you read it though, it's very odd. Marten, I'm sorry you don't like my topics, but this is my blog as much as anyone else's.  I don't always like your topics either.  Deal with it. (And I mean that in the nicest way.)   On the plus side, according to my established behavioral patterns, I should be out of the swooning "I need a girlfriend" phase in a week or so, when I will brief enter into the "women are evil" phase and be back at good, old, apathetic me by mid-November. SQUEE!
    


	 
      Censoring is bad! don't censor writing.  SQEE!
    


	 
      nate, your beginning to sound like a prep, only ur on spell bowl. Im serious though, the pointless gossip must stop. I mean, Its bad enough sophia talking about how hot she is and how good she smells, but atleast thats random and kinda funny.  SQ(u)EE!
    


	 
          Actually, there is no problem named Maria.  The problems are Amanda, Anna, Zach, and Chris, the people who DIDN'T SHOW UP for spell bowl, causing us to have to FORFIET THREE WHOLE ROUNDS!     Err.......... The worst part is, when ar last person finished in Round 7, we were in the lead!  If we'd continued at our average score, we would've come in second.  As it is, we came in Ninth, out of twelve, which isn't bad for a group that forfeited a third of the competition.  It's just a little irksome.    Seriously, if other people are depending on you, the least you can do is tell someone you can't be there  in time to find a replacement.  It's sickening.  I'm never talking to Amanda again.  This, combined with Romeo and Juliet, is just too much.    Ok, what else.  We got room assignments today for Branson.  Kevin Wack, David Meyer, and Drew Klages.  At the least, none of them have any serious hygiene problem.  They're not bad people either.  It'll be fun.    Now, to swooning.  Both Jane and Katherine have sisters a year apart from us who are both more attractive and more interesting then them.  So why am I stuck in class with the bad ones?  Oh well.  At least I've got both Webbs.   SQEE!
    


	 
      You wanna know what I decided?  I love deoderant.  Lol, even though I don't think I spelled it right...I love smelling good.  and not like B.O.  lol.  sorry...kinda random...but we switched seats in Law and the guy next to me doesn't wear any...so he's kinda smelly.  Other than that he might have been kinda cute.  Anyways.  Enough about that.  PRODUCERS THURSDAY!!!!!  SQUEE!
    


	 
      Ya i forgot my to actually put the title in my first post. See above title for it... Scheme is name of books. SQEE!
    


	 
      Welcome to Fred This doesn't look like Fred, but oh well. Oh this is that blog thing that everyone has been harrassing me about. Anywho, my title scheme is book titles. Haha I have more options than you guys. Is squee that thing from the comic that Dylan likes? Sophia called me gay earlier. I resent that. Jonah down with Carmel! Nathan can write about what he wants! Marten we need to get a class together second semester or their shall be doom. Very boring lyceum. By the way Sophia, I will never stop swooning. SQEE!
    


	 
      By the way Sophia, I will never stop swooning. SQEE!
    


	 
      This doesn't look like Fred, but oh well. Oh this is that blog thing that everyone has been harrassing me about. Anywho, my title scheme is book titles. Haha I have more options than you guys. Is squee that thing from the comic that Dylan likes? Sophia called me gay earlier. I resent that. Jonah down with Carmel! Nathan can write about what he wants! Marten we need to get a class together second semester or their shall be doom. Very boring lyceum.     SQEE!
    


	 
      Marten-Awww, well, it's nice to know that at least SOMEONE is swooning over me.  YOUR HAIR IS GONE?!  YOU ACTUALLY CUT IT?!!!! EEEEEK!!!!!! Nathan-I totally recognized Timon's voice on the CD...I just didn't know that Nathan Lane was him!!!  I thought it was Billy Crystal...doesn't he sound like that?!  But, yeah, I recognized his voice and also Matthew Broderick's voice from when I saw The Music Man.  That's a good musical, as well. Jonah-Congrats on State!  And even though Marching Band IS a death cult, I'm still proud of you guys' beating Carmel.  That's quite a feat!  YAY! Nathan (again)- Sqee or whatever is a comic-thing...I've seen it once, so you're not that far behind.    And I have to agree with Lara, it's spelled with a "u".  SQUEE!
    


	 
           Wow.  Lots to say.  First off, Sophia: you're safe.  On the off chance any of us try to swoon over Lara, I think Marten would get mad.  It's unlikely anyway.  At any rate, I'm going to do all my swooning at my other blog, since thats what its for.      Second, I've thought of two more broadway songs about time, so we can continue that discussion whenever you want to.         Third, Sophia -- did you know that two voice actors on The Lion King have been in The Producers?  Nathan Lane, who did the voice of Timon, played in the Movie, and Mathew Broderick, who played the adult Simba is in the revival.  Just thought I'd throw that out there.  On that note, did you know Zazu the annoying bird was played by Rowan Atkinson?  Mr. Bean?  I had no idea, myself.      Fourth, Why are my posts always so much longer than everyone elses?  You guys need to write more.        Fifth, It's Walky is an incredibly well, written, well drawn web-comic, and I highly recommend it to anyone.  It's nice to finally learn about Jasons past, and this plotline seems sure to provide action, romance, and maybe a little background info on the cheese.  Plus Joe and Dina's Battleship is gonna be really cool.  I hope they don't just forget about it.  It's also nice to see a webcomic deal seriously with the issue of religion.     Sixth, You're adding webcomics to my list of taboo topics now, aren't you?     Seventh, Dune! The Musical! is coming right along, and I will show those of you who haven't already seen them the two sample songs at the party.     Eighth, what the frell does SQEE mean?  Is it some in joke I'm not in on? Wish me luck at Spell Bowl tomorrow!  Bye, ya'll! SQEE!
    


	 
              Sophia, we are swooning.(or at leats I am)  We're just very good at not letting that sort of thing interfere with other stuff.  As for Lara, your too young for socrates cafe, and Sophia will once again be the only girl on here if you don't explain your title. They have to have some kind of scheme.  Don't forget to capitalize the first letters of your sentences, thats important to. About the only grammar related thing we really pay attention to here.       I'd congradulate Jonah on state if I didn't despise the utter control of marching band, though at this point, drama is nearly as controlling. My hair is gone. Woe is me.    SQ(u)EE!
    


	 
      Marten, that is SO not cool!  You let your sister on here?!  lol not that I don't like you, Lar, it's just...I liked being the only girl on here!!! lol because then I could feel like all these guys are swooning over me...even if they are a bunch of geeks.  lol, but, you know, nice, funny, good friend geeks.  I should probably stop talking now.  But, yeah!!! Let's rent The Producers!!!  That's such a smart idea!  I'm so glad I thought of it!!!  lol...where's that from?  The Lion King, maybe?  Timon and Pumba?  Something?   lol I don't know...anyways.  SQEE!
    


	 
      can we all stop and talk about how pretty i am? lol, seriously, you guys are so weird for those who dont know me i am martens hot ^.~. 13 yr old sister, Lara, but you guys can call me Larry (ask Thomas to explain)   (>-^.^-  .....dude you guys spelled squee wrong -.-''...unless im wrong...of course  SQEE!
    


	 
      So much to talk about.  First of all, I just realized that I am really, really sexy.  Like, I-wanna-rip-his-clothes-off-right-this-instant sexy.  I am too sexy for my shirt, and for that matter my shoes, socks and pants.  I'm so hot, I could melt number 7 plastic.  Actually not really, I just wanted to give Sophia an idea of what her comments would seem like to other people.  Anyway, Socrates cafe is awesome, and Ms. Guthrie is so cool! If she weren't ten years older and already married, I would be in love with her.  I I thrive off discussion, and coffee makes me hyper and the combination made it so I couldn't get to sleep until 1:30 (and I tried to wrestle Thomas's dog, Taz, who is on a permanent coffee high).  Of course, it didn't help that Levi's friends were over watching Leeches! (the new worst movie ever) untill 1:00.  We threw him a surprise party; it was lots of fun.   Why not rent the Producers at the Moby Dick party? (Just thought I'd throw that out) In other news... WE"RE GOIN" TO STATE!!! WOOO!! WE BEAT CARMEL!!! YEAH!! It was really crazy after we found out, and everyone was hugging everyone else.  This girl comes up and hugs me, then she's like "Hi, I'm Ashley." We'd never even met before!  It was very funny.   And now, messages to the other four. Thomas:  Join the Blog!  Nathan: Interesting fact about Christen Neary: Her older brother, Stephen Neary aka Parrot Boy, also drew the giant sandwhich which until recently adorned Levi's wall. Sophia: As far as the hair thing goes, you're so hot I never noticed your hair.  Or your face.  Or lower body. (j/k) Marten: Shrell is not my word, dram is.  Shrell is all yours.  SQEE!
    


	 
      OMG...it's so freaky that you want to see The Producers.  I totally just got that CD from my friend...he burned it for me and told me it was REALLY good.  lol and it is...it's superb.  It's hilarious!!!  SPRINGTIME FOR HITLER!!!  omg, you soooo need to see it.  Anyway...Alice Laramore LOVES Pippin...so that's obviously a pretty good one. Anyway anyway, you thought I was hotter with long hair?  Really?  You're not the first guy to say that, actually...I just don't see it.  I thought I was kinda too normal-looking back then.  Sorry...we can stop talking about me and my hotness.  I just realized a few hours ago that I was simply irrisistable (lol just kidding) and wanted to share it with the world!!!   SQEE!
    


	 
      Ha! Nate on spell bow.  ::remembers the many games of ghost that went wrong::l  SQEE!
    


	 
      What happened to the interesting time topic? Not that i mind thinking of how hot Sophia is. Although, I wanna-screw-her hot is somewhat relative, depending on the guy.  But, yes, Sophia, you are so hot it literally burns.  Good thing i have quite a bit of self control.        Ha! I knew nate only went to socrates cafe for the girls!  but once again, i must complain about your topic.  who cares what musicals you want to see? I mean, if you chose one, and talked about it, sure.  But you just have a bloody list! What the shrell? I dont care if thats jonah's word   SQEE!
    


	 
           There are so many musicals I want to see.  I've been browsing for information on "The Pajama Game" and I've come across a whole bunch of shows I'd never heard of that looked really good.  I'm gonna start getting them out of the library, though.  As soon as I have time.  The list so far: Rent (just missed it -- Ergh!) The Last Five Years (Just ordered the soundtrack from Amazon) How to Succeed in Business without Really Trying Jeckyll and Hyde Blood Brothers The Civil War A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Forum The Producers Miss Saigon Little Shop of Horrors (Heard the Soundtrack -- Loved it) Pippin        There are more, I just don't have time to list them right now         Sophia: You're very unobservant.  I personally thought you were hotter back when you had long hair (I know you hated yourself then, but that doesn't change it).  I think something in between would be best for you though.  About like mine (Styled differently, of course).  But you're still really hot.  You know who else is really hot?  Christen Neary.  Not gonna elaborate anymore on that here, though. One more thing: I'm now on the spell bowl team.  We're doomed. SQEE!
    


	 
      Lol, just wanted to let ya'll know...I'm really, really hot.  Like...I-wanna-screw-her hot.  But ya'll probably already knew that...I just am really excited because I hadn't really, honestly noticed it before.  YAY! SQEE!
    


	 
            That is kind of important. I've thought of time a lot. Not entirely like that, but it makes sense.  But any one can percieve time like that. how would it affect how they interacted with people who percieved time linearly?        I thought of time being percieved as longer or shorter in diferent circumstances.  Like in a car.  If you spend more than four hours in a moving vehicle, whenever you were got into the vehicle in the first place feels like yesterday.  And what about days that feel like other days? like when thursday feels like monday, and sunday feels like wednesday.and you know how time flies when your having fun?  It doesnt always do that, but it almost always slows down when your bored. SQEE!
    


	 
      Oh my goodness...I have no idea what you just said Nathan.  uhhhhh...SQEE!
    


	 
               Since you say my comments are inane, I've decided to address an issue of the utmost importance.  Something that's really been bothering me lately.  Linear time makes no sense.            Most of you have probably grown up with linear time, and don't know it any other way, so you'd probably be opposed to changing it.  And I'm not suggesting everyone be aware of all points in time simultaneously.  That would be mass chaos.  What I'm suggesting is that it makes more sense for people to control their own personal time.         Whether we want it to or not, the next thing to happen will happen next.  Friday will come after Thursday.  Two o'clock will come after one o'clock.  Causes will have immediate effects.  What if you had control over this.  Imagine if you could decide that you'd be in SRT than in biology class.  SRT would still come after biology, but you would perceive it as coming before.  If you put something in your pocket in Biology class, it would still be there in SRT.  It's just your perception of events that would change.        You may complain this would cause paradoxes.  Well, it would.  But only if used irresponsibly.  If overused it would get quite confusing.  The other danger would be the thrill seeker who lived every fun moment immediately and then had only sorrow for the rest of his life.  But, if used correctly, this ability would completely eliminate stress.       Do you get any of this, or am I just rambling?  If you do, that's great.  If not, it just goes to prove that everything I think about that's not inane is insanely complicated.       Bad puns excluded, of course.
    


	 
      I hope our country falls really soon.  I want to see Bush dead.  I heart you guys, though.  Ya'll are coming to Socrates' Cafe tomorrow, no?  SQEE!
    


	 
      But hey, atleast theres a second renaissance to look forward to!  All characters portrayed in this blog are fictional. Any resemblance to a real person, living or dead is one hell of a coincidence.
    


	 
      Yes jonah, I will add your link when im not lazy.  haha ur in marching band.  You are quitting next year, are you not?  I tried to convince Kiel, but now hes gonna try out for section leader, or cult leader.  poor soul.       Your next point is a valid one. I made it on the post that never was, because my comp screwed up and deleted it.  Hey, readers that I didnt send a link to, find someway to tell us ur reading it!  Kinda locks, most blogs have a little spot for comments or notes.    i think we should start an online socratic cafe even if no ones reading it. It will be fun.  Hurray philosophy.  nate, Ur topics are all gossipy, or about people.  Other than the fact that we dont know these people, It is kind of the lowest form of conversational intelligence         we love you too, Sophia.  See? evil people can change over time.  Don't diss ur own species so much. though thats a bit of an exageration, u werent evil, we were just ahead of our time.  While I do approve of what our country is supposed to stand for, I can agree that weve become decadent and desesitized as a society, and the fact that we blame the media doesn't help.  It only keeps us from doing anything about the real cause of the proble, and that is that kids are raising themselves.  but i skipped a bunch in that, and it prolly doesnt make too much sense. I agree with schuck kinda, Were gonna fall like Rome soon. Prolly by the end of this century, if not quicker  All characters portrayed in this blog are fictional. Any resemblence to a real person, living or dead is one hell of a coincidence.
    


	 
      Well, that was Thursday.   Oddly enough, it felt like a Friday.  That happens sometimes, but I must be careful not to think tomorrow a Saturday, lest I miss school.  Or, in this case, show up at 5:00.  Yes, I'll be at my school at 5:00 on Saturday because the esteemed Low Brass captians have decided that just because we need to be at school at 7:00, it's no reason not to come two hopurs early for a Low Brass Breakfast.  But it's oK, I can sleep on the bus.  Speaking of marching band, today was the last rehearsal before regionals, and I think we're gonna make state.  Unless somebody screws up. Which brings me to my next point.  Or rather, doesn't bring me to my next point because it has nothing to do with marching band.  And the point is: For whom are we writing this anyway?  For each other, for ourselves, or for a theoretical audience?  I need to know how much background to provide in an entry.  Also, I think I'm going to shamelessly advertise my other blog,  urlLink Tales from the Other Side of the Corndog.  It's not a blog like this one, I have Compendium and  urlLink What Kind of Day Has it Been?  for that.  Tales is a story blog, in which I'm writing an amusing story about toasters at the moment.  However, other stories will follow.  And now, messages to the other four. Thomas: JOIN THE BLOG! Nathan: I thought you weren't supposed to use this blog for ranting about your love life. Sophia: I never thought of you as any of those things, but then again I didn't really notice that you didn't want to be associated with us, so I was probably just naive and/or in denial. Marten: If you can't remember it it can't have been too important.  Also, if you could add TftosotC (what an abbreviation!) to the links in the blog, that'd be cool.   All characters portrayed in this blog are fictional. Any resemblence to a real person, living or dead is one hell of a coincidence.  I'll say.
    


	 
         Whoah.  I'm exhausted.  Choir concert today.  I'm hesitant to say anything about it for fear of that sounding like the most important.  We did well.  I, on the other hand, made a complete ass of myself onstage.  But apparently Mrs. Dingman is the only one who noticed.  I don't know.     One good thing about being in the prestigious top three choirs is you get to watch the Hip Street girls change clothes.  Of course, their overall hotness level went down a notch when Danielle left, but it's still at, like, 9.6 out of 10. Which means Laura must be, like, a 22, as I realized I'd actually rather look at her fully clothed then watch them in their underwear.      Kudos to Millenium, they improved dramatically since Thursday.  They've still got a long way to go, though.  But so do we all.      Shiny red doesn't become me.  Just had to say that, cause it's so true.  I have a whole new respect for Lexi; she got my hair to stay back and up.  The combination of that and the suit, of course, made me look like a colombian drug lord, but that's life.  Lexi is also I have to say the most attractive African American girl I've ever met.  Not to say black girls aren't attractive, just that it's better than saying "Fourth hottest girl". (By the way, number 3 is actually Mexican, so don't tell me I'm being racist).  She's a senior, though, so just about as off-limits as Tiffany.  Oh well.    Thank you for your comments Soph, they made me feel all warm and fuzzy inside, but not fuzzy like when you eat mold.  In the words of Pete Abrahms, "And that's it.  I'm going back to bed."  
    


	 
      Lol...funny stuff.  I love this name.  HAHAHA!!  Cuz it's like, Moby Dick...but they're "punk" so they wear Dickies.  HAHAHA!!! FUNNY!!!   Okay, maybe not.   Oh well.  Anyways...MOBY DICK PARTY!!!  Rent isn't on video...so we're gonna watch Moby Dick!  I'm so excited.  Yayness.  Anyways...hmmm...Marten and I had fun cleaning out paint buckets in stage tech, didn't we? Do you want to know what I think is highly ironic?  The fact that when I knew you guys before...I thought you were so stupid.  I thought you were incredibly dorky and I didn't want to be associated with you because that was how I was in 4th and 5th grade...but now, here I am, truly happy and having the best time with three of the coolest guys that I've known for the longest and never imagined being friends with.  That was quite a long sentence.  But anyway...I realize now that you guys were the awesome ones and I was the stupid, idiotic, moronic, immature (shall I continue?), butt-headed, (okay, blanking on more mean words I can use to describe my 4th/5th grade self) one.  So I just wanted to say...I think...that you guys are the awesome-est and I'm just so happy that I finally got to know you and realized how incredible you are. So, I'm done with my testimony.  Au revoir! All characters portrayed in this blog are fictional. Any resemblence to a real person, living or dead is one hell of a coincidence.
    


	 
      I can dance!  It takes me forever to learn, but I am now without a doubt not the worst dancer in the choir.  I practiced with various combinations of Laura, Chad, Amy, and Megan today for a total of about two hours, and as a whole, we no longer look like crap.  Millenium is a different story.  If they don't improve by next year, I'm going to shoot myself or join band.  Freshman aren't supposed to be perfect, but these guys are absurd.  There is on e guy with any facial expression whatsoever.  Problem is, he's the worst dancer of the lot.   And that's saying a lot.  Most of them are two or three beats behind, and their movements are either lazy and half-hearted or jerky and disconnected.  Or both.  Oh, and they're not singing either.  Basically, if this is the future of the Lawrence North choir program, we're screwed.  Oh, and by the way, I'm not putting the name of the show in the title anymore.  It's too cluttered.   I'll add it to the end of the post.  If anyone wants to know, this one's from Songs for a New World.  And I deleted the stupid signature line.  It's tacky and blatantly untrue. 
    


	 
      BLAST IT! I just posted a really long and interesting post about stuff that i cant remember because i didnt expect to need to!   All characters portrayed in this blog are fictional. Any resemblence to a real person, living or dead is one hell of a coincidence.
    


	 
      Oh Marten, how we've missed you!  lol...blog has been quite boring without you.  Yet you disappoint us with a short post?  Dear me, what on earth is wrong with you, boy?  Sheesh!  And I didn't even know you were leaving or anything?  Goodness gracious.  Anyways...great band name, eh?  Thought of it last night while I was half-asleep.  I thought it was quite an inspiration.  lol cuz the initials would be DBW and you could say it like "Debuwah".  lol Like a retarded Deborah.  That's my mom's name!  Isn't that the uber-peachiest?  Okay...so maybe not.  Anyway, I went to the JV football game today and we won, 42-0.  lol go LC JV!!  yay. All characters portrayed in this blog are fictional. Any resemblence to a real person, living or dead is one hell of a coincidence.
    


	 
      Huzzah for jonah! Oy, Ive been out for a while. At mississinewa, if thats how you spell it.  bloody reinactment, didnt get home till 11, took 4 hours to tear down. bloody, um, think of a word for people that go into a store after its officially closed. I dont have one.  All characters portrayed in this blog are fictional. Any resemblence to a real person, living or dead is one hell of a coincidence.
    


	 
      So I'm joining another blog.  Don't expect to hear much from me.  First order of business: My title names will start with the next letter of the alphabet each post, just for fun.  Second: The "Is Sophia my girlfriend" report: No, but we are having a not-so-secret secret affair.  Third: My romantic history: None of your dram business.  By the way, I'm Jonah.  All characters portrayed in this blog are fictional. Any resemblence to a real person, living or dead is one hell of a coincidence.
    


	 
      Actually, Soph, I agree with you.  That's why I move my page long romantic history  urlLink here .  Feel free to read it though.  Laura, if by some bizarre chance you end up reading this, don't click that link, even if you already know everything that's in it.  I refrained from reading your online diary when I found it.  And Soph?  At least you've "dated" someone.  All characters portrayed in this blog are fictional. Any resemblence to a real person, living or dead is one hell of a coincidence.
    


	 
      Sooo...lol I won't put my romantic history in here, it'd take too long and it'd be sooo stupid.  I'm not really proud of all the guys I've "dated", although at the time I was quite proud.  But now, it's just like...What was I thinking??   So anyway.  Enough about that.  I don't really know why I'm writing in here; there isn't really that much to write about.  Cept I've got a little crush on a friend and I can't like him because I don't want to screw up our friendship.  How much does that suck?  lol cuz I think it sucks mucho.  Anyways...au revoir!  All characters portrayed in this blog are fictional. Any resemblence to a real person, living or dead is one hell of a coincidence.
    


	 
      Well, My E-mail's finally up, so I can do this blog thing for real now.  First off, Muppet Movies now count as musicals. So do Disney Movies.  Because I said so.  Second off, Sophia is not my girlfriend either, and while I was thinking about remedying that about a week ago, I decided against it.   As my friend Glennie said, when you can't drive and you go to different schools, 20 minutes is a long distance relationship.  She is really hot though.  I don't have a girlfriend.  Never have.  Don't particularly want one either.  More on that in a later post.  My next post is gonna give you a little backgound on my romantic history.  It'll help you understand my attitude towards girls in general, and Laura in particular, as I suspect she'll come up again.  Plus it's a great read.  I'll probably post it on Wednsday.  Well, that's all for now.  Word to all my homies!  Peace!  All characters portrayed in this blog are fictional. Any resemblence to a real person, living or dead is one hell of a coincidence.
    


	 
      So.  Thursday.  Ha, and, no, I'm not Marten's girlfriend.  Poor Marten.  He wishes.  Ha.  Just kidding...Marten's super cool.  If any other super-cool, majorly hot girls read this ((Thomas, you listening?!))...Marten's definitely worth crushing over!!   Anyway, I went to a concert last night!!  And moshing has developed some muscles in my legs that I didn't know existed!  It's painful, yet exciting, because I just thought my legs were devoid of muscle.  Haha.  Anyway...great day today, and this band name's so super great! All characters portrayed in this blog are fictional. Any resemblence to a real person, living or dead is one hell of a coincidence.
    


	 
      Huzzah! another thursday has gone by, and the Earth hasnt been blown up by aliens to build a bypass! and neither has my house. 42!  it was a half day too, went unnaturally fast.  i keep hearing about the apocalypse from Dillan, but it continuously fails to occur. i must be doing something right    All characters portrayed in this blog are fictional. Any resemblence to a real person, living or dead is one hell of a coincidence.
    


	 
      Yeah. Super hot way cool girl thats a friend. Never my super hot girlfriend. Poor marten, the only girls that really like him are lesbians from out of state. yeah, long story.  Hey, isnt your sisters name nicole? wait, no, its ann. Wierd. My sisters friends name is erin, and when she calls its sounds like the says its ann, and her sisters name is nicole.  to quote mrs. guthrie, "you make wierd connections, boy"  All characters portrayed in this blog are fictional. Any resemblence to a real person, living or dead is one hell of a coincidence.
    


	 
      Hey.  I'm Sophia.  Of course...my name-thing says my name's Nicole.  That's a safety thing.  Plus it's a "Don't-Even-Think-About-Spamming-Me" thing.  You get the drift.  Anyway, my titles are going to be totally rad band names...if they existed.  Haha.  Anyways, I'm Marten and Nathan's friend...their super-hot, way-cool friend who just happens to be a girl.  Ha.  I win.  You lose.  Go home and send Marten peanuts.  All characters portrayed in this blog are fictional. Any resemblence to a real person, living or dead is one hell of a coincidence.
    


	 
        ah, jeez, now even my dad yells at the tv when the footblah team is doing badly.  I just dont see the point of some spectator sports.  Especially racing.  see the cars. see the cars go around in circles.  second to that is baseball. some times there are cool catches, slides, but reall, its just a guy hitting a ball and running a square. excuse me, diamond.      the weird thing is, my little sister enjoys watching me play video games.  I dont mind either, if the player is good, and the game a cool design and graphics, like Zone of the Enders.  this could be why one of my more favorible sports to eatch is tennis, for its similarity to pong.  That could be a new revenue, competitive professional video gaming. I hope so, because its a definate net if none of my other career possibilities fall through.    All characters portrayed in this blog are fictional. Any resemblence to a real person, living or dead is one hell of a coincidence.
    


	 
      Air of mystery? more like air of flatulence.  I mean, N! you sound like a James Bond fanatic. I mean, I liked Q, but its the wrong way to go for an air of mystery. You should've used some greek pseudonym like Demosthenes or something.  Ok, enough posting things like a conversation, this is going to get boring, and I don't want to spend the night in a battle of wits, not online anywhy.  How about a round or two of goldeneye on my old '64?                          ToLd you I i cold TYPE All characters portrayed in this blog are fictional. Any resemblence to a real person, living or dead is one hell of a coincidence.
    


	 
      Thanks a lot.  Now you've ruined my whole air of mystery.  You know chicks dig an air of mystery.  Now I need a new schtick (it's yiddish, and not at all what it sounds like).  Oh well, I'll think of something.  Oh my gosh I just thought of something.  What if some weird creep finds this and steals my identity?  All kinds of people are on the internet.  Anyway, if that happens, I'm taking yours.  Your identity, I mean.  It's only fair, since you caused me to lose mine.  I'll be Marten Dollinger, and you can be some weird internet creep.  That'll teach you to reveal my secrets online.  All characters portrayed in this blog are fictional. Any resemblence to a real person, living or dead is one hell of a coincidence.
    


	 
      his names nathan comstock. And i can type, Im just lazy. besides, u know what i mean.  All characters portrayed in this blog are fictional. Any resemblence to a real person, living or dead is one hell of a coincidence.
    


	 
      I'm actually not Marten.  I'm the other guy who write's for this blog, but my e-mail's down so I'm using his name for a while.  You'll know it's me because I name my posts after songs from musicals (with the musical in parenthesis).  Oh, and also, unlike him, I can type.  You will know me simply as N.  That's the actual first letter of my actual name, and I'm not telling you any more of it.  Be happy you got that.  More on Wednsday hopefully.                                                                                      With much tolerance,                                                                                                              N                  All characters portrayed in this blog are fictional. Any resemblence to a real person, living or dead is one hell of a coincidence.
    


	 
      Hey, um, I had to write something right now so I could set up this blog. I wasn't ready for this part yet, as evinced by the peanuts.  Im serious about that ya know. Ive had a weird craving for peanuts.  I think i might be pegnant.  That would suck.  I mean, did u ever see that episode of enterprise when tucker got pregnant cuz he touched that wierd blue stuff? and I dont even have a girls freind.  watch out for typos by the way.  Im offering a small bounty for them.    All characters portrayed in this blog are fictional. Any resemblence to a real person, living or dead is one hell of a coincidence.
    


	 
      Nurr, Michael.  I can say "lol" as much as I'd like.  You want me to prove it?  Because I will!  I bought a new CD!  It's VEGGIETALES!  Silly Songs With Larry!  OMG, I love it so much!  And there's a remix...that's absolutely FANTASTIC.  It's so great.  Sorry, I'm just so excited about my new children's CD.    It's okay! I had Subway! 
    


	 
      I know that I post too much, but I still had stuff to say and didn't want to add to my previous post that was almost Tolstoy-Length.  1.) I italicize  Claire  because I happen to think that  Claire  is a hussy who isn't good enough for Jonah. I have no problem with Ashley though. She seems nice. Unlike  Claire .  2.) I hate it when people say LOL. It just really annoys me. I think Sophia has said it in the past, and I'm not trying to tell her how to post but I think it is one of those phrases that can only be said by girls or gay men. Not that there's anything wrong with that... However this poses a quandary, cause Sophia's a girl Not that there's anything wrong with that...  3.) I think that Sufferage killed Chivalry. I also think that if you have the right to vote, serve in the army, and have equal rights, you can open your own damn door. Unless the guy arrives at the door first. If the girl arrives first it's not my problem.  4.) I have created forums.  At this point, we really don't need them since no-one but us reads the blog. But I believe that discussion is good and that forums are better.  So tell everyone you know. Tell your friends. Tell everyone who has an IQ over room temperature. And Send them to our site. Write it down for them. It doesn't matter, just get them here. And then get them  urlLink here   Have problems? Objections? Rude remarks? See your friendly comments page for details on getting those to me.
    


	 
      Let's start off with this. Shut up Nathan. Caffeine's the only way to fly. It's my anti-real drug. And Tommy Schlamme was executive producer of The West Wing and Sports Night. And that is officially calling anyone named Thomas who I think I could beat up. A Thomas larger than me will remain Thomas.  I have to admit that the mini JournalCon thing was fun. Jonah "Fun Stuff" Comstock and Marten "Grizzly Bear" Dollenger came over. I was constantly distracted by Marten's disturbing mustache and medium long hair. I think I may either be the first to rise up and say it or absolutely wrong, but Marten really looks bad with long hair. Or maybe he just looks bad all the time. In my opinion, if you're going to look bad, then you might as well look bad with a low maintenance haircut. He asked on one occasion sometime between the time where Marten attacked me and the time(s) Jonah was being vaguely gay "Why am I so Goddamn Poor?" My response? "Too much money on haircare products." I often had an urge to beat him over the head with a frozen butter braid and drag his limp unconcious body to Great Clips. If you are opposed to this, don't make post about it. Just use the comment buttons that I created. For the Glark to Marten's Sars. Another allusion you don't understand, courtesy of Michael Christie.  Right now I'm listening to the credits music from Pirates of the Caribbean, the best [live action] movie of the summer. Disney actually threw in the live action comment in its DVD commercials. To distinguish it from their other best movie of the summer (and the most popular DVD of all time) Finding Nemo. Both of the movies were movies that the more I think about them, the more I like them.  Erin - You watch Joan of Arcadia? That's so cool! I love that show! Were you here when I used "Anticlimatic means you're against the weather" in a convorsation.  And speaking of which I have another one coming soon. I bandied around the idea of making Erin my mindless love-bot, but realized she would blow an artery if I actually did. Hopefully she will just find this hilarious and not hunt me down and kill me dead. As actors are wont to do.   By the way, I have made up my mind that my improv skills will vastly improve if I add various phrases to my preparation. To date I have added the following "They got eaten by monkeys" and "Get Out. Now."  That's all for now. If you had half as much fun reading this post than I had writing it, well I've had twice as much fun writing it than you have reading it. I'm Casey McCall, and you're watching Sports Night
    


	 
      The Star Trek date went amazingly well.  I got both Nana Visitor and Jason Carter - who I had no idea was going to be there- to sing to us.  I also got an autograph and a death threat from Jason (Luckily for me, he didn't have a Minbari fighting pike with him at the time).  I did not buy her a tribble, although she did buy a tribble for her mom.  Ashley told me she likes me better than her birds, then Richard Biggs (B5's Dr. Franklin) asked me if she was my Lady.  Anyway, with all that, we're together now.  You can meet her at the speech meet on the tenth, or I  might  bring her to youth group sometime. Micheal: That only makes it funny when you're on Caffiene, which most of us aren't at the moment.  Also, what the heck does Schlammes mean? Jonah: I have a statue of Emperor Palpatine.  Would you like to borrow it?  Oh, and cornblog is a stupid idea. Lara: Where can I get a copy of your book?  And will you sign it? 
    


	 
      lol, ehh...it's 1:15 right now...so I don't think I'm gonna come.  I might plan on coming to the JournalCon, though.  That does sound a bit interesting.  hehe.  anyways...I'm going to go get beautified cuz my mom's paying.  lol, I sound like such a barfy girl.  Okay, I'm just going to stop.   Have a good day, everyone!  I don't like it. I don't like it at all. 
    


	 
      That, I have just discovered, is the tagline of Joan of Arcadia. In speaking of which, Michael, did you see the previews for next week's episode at the end last night? My commentary was... But she's OLD! ("She" being Mary Steenburgen.)  I'm glad there are no sweeps in real life. I wouldn't be able to stand November, February, and May. Jonah: Tear down a statue of Emperor Palpatine. That will always work. I don't like it. I don't like it at all. 
    


	 
      Sofa - If with only one hour to go you can provide snacks and figure out where I live, than yes you can come. I really didn't anticipate this turning into a JournalCon though, people  Jonah - Tommy! S c hlamme's! Mommy! is brilliant. As is Ma Hornsbeck.  The first is funny 'cause of internal rhyme the latter because I was on massive amounts of caffeine when I wrote it  I don't like it. I don't like it at all.  Me Either. This Signatures Sucks!
    


	 
      The title refers to the Blitzblog, and the confusion it surely raises among readers.  It's also a fun bit of alliteration.  So, first thing - the beginning of the conversation involved Michael commenting that I smelled weird, which is what 'point taken' was in reply to, as well as all of the shower stuff.   Second, all formatting was lost in the posting, but when Michael says 'with Claire?' (7:40:49) it should read 'with  Claire? ' folowing the unwritten rule that Michael cannot mention Claire's name without italics. Third- The correct terms for referring to people's mothers: Mine and Nathan's- Carol, Jonah's Mommy, or Ms. Hornbeck (Not Ma Comstock or any variant) Thomas's- Mrs. Fowler, Momas, or Mhomas (Not Tommy! Shlamme's! Mommy!) Michael's- Mrs. Christie, possibly Bonnie Fourth- There is no fourth item.  Anyway, news from the other side of the corndog.  I know how to use the template well enough to not only add links, but add a totally seperate item to the sidebar - Stories.  This will be lots of fun when there's actually more than one. But Marten- this is proof that you should give me mod power so I can make cool, trendy stuff for our sidebar, or just add my blog to the links.  Also, Who thinks I should change the name to 'Tales from the other side of the cornblog?'  And Now, a long awaited Mtto8:  Nathan:  *snicker*  Michael:  Loved the West Wing comparisons. Btw, did you notice how I've been spelling your name correctly?  Erin:  Yay! The war is over.   I feel like we should be tearing down a statue of someone.  Lara:  Welcome back, how's the book selling?  Thomas:  Actually, Spinachs do have livers.  Atleast, they cloned one that does in a secret lab in Montana.  Sophia:  Michael's already mad enough at me for inviting two additional people, so it's his call.  I don't like it. I don't like it at all. Well maybe a little.  But it smells wierd.
    


	 
      I wanna come!  What are you guys doing?  And am I invited?  Ya'll are pretty humorous.  lol, and if you're wondering...I'm listening to "Annie Get Your Gun" right now...that's what the band is from.  Woo hoo, Annie and Frank!  YEAH, BABY!  I don't like it. I don't like it at all. 
    


	 
      For all who were not there, that was the beginning of our blitz blog. That is a subsection of this blog that we have in aim chat room. We will have one every so often.  -You're living in a doom house.
    


	 
      You have just entered room "Chat 10524472200068986776." The Squid3188 (7:23:15 PM): point taken The Squid3188 (7:23:17 PM): brb Tofig36 (7:23:21 PM): season's greetings SBristowSD6 (7:23:26 PM): Hello, Tommy MysteriousBob87 (7:23:37 PM): watch out michael! Trekker7474 (7:23:41 PM): wassup  MysteriousBob87 (7:23:49 PM): thats tantamount to calling the librarian a monkey! Trekker7474 (7:23:50 PM): Jonah's taking a shower MysteriousBob87 (7:23:58 PM): whats he doing that for? Trekker7474 (7:23:59 PM): *thank god* SBristowSD6 (7:24:08 PM): I think I can take Thomas "welcome to fred, population 0" Fowler MysteriousBob87 (7:24:26 PM): I dunno The Squid3188 (7:24:28 PM): There, sparkly clean SBristowSD6 (7:24:32 PM): Good MysteriousBob87 (7:24:32 PM): thomas? The Squid3188 (7:24:41 PM): fresh as a pine tree and or air freshener SBristowSD6 (7:24:43 PM): Schlamme? MysteriousBob87 (7:24:51 PM): what? MysteriousBob87 (7:24:56 PM): where did thomas go! Trekker7474 (7:25:04 PM): aaWAY!!!!!!!!! The Squid3188 (7:25:06 PM): He's still here Tofig36 (7:25:10 PM): yes SBristowSD6 (7:25:13 PM): Thomas Schlamme? Former executive producer of The West Wing Tofig36 (7:25:14 PM): i am here MysteriousBob87 (7:25:15 PM): This has turned into a fast blog with les people MysteriousBob87 (7:25:19 PM): yay! SBristowSD6 (7:25:19 PM): Yeah Tofig36 (7:25:21 PM): yes that is me MysteriousBob87 (7:25:23 PM): say more stuff Tofig36 (7:25:28 PM): PIE! The Squid3188 (7:25:29 PM): like a super blog! Trekker7474 has left the room. MysteriousBob87 (7:25:37 PM): Im pretty sure theres a conversation burried somewhere in here SBristowSD6 (7:25:43 PM): Also blessed with the best rhyming name ever MysteriousBob87 (7:25:44 PM): where did nate go? SBristowSD6 (7:25:45 PM): Tommy! The Squid3188 (7:25:48 PM): not really Tofig36 (7:25:50 PM): rawr SBristowSD6 (7:25:51 PM): Schlamme! Tofig36 (7:25:57 PM): lol Tofig36 (7:26:00 PM): Thomas Fowler The Squid3188 (7:26:01 PM): Michael, invite Nate back The Squid3188 (7:26:11 PM): he just got kicked off MysteriousBob87 (7:26:16 PM): why? Tofig36 (7:26:19 PM): mortal kombat? The Squid3188 (7:26:22 PM): and check out Tales MysteriousBob87 (7:26:31 PM): this is a blog on speed MysteriousBob87 (7:26:33 PM): pk The Squid3188 (7:26:34 PM): I had fun with the template MysteriousBob87 (7:26:39 PM): like lightnig blog MysteriousBob87 (7:26:46 PM): Blitzblog! Tofig36 (7:26:55 PM): Doomhouseblog! Tofig36 (7:26:59 PM): huzzah MysteriousBob87 (7:27:01 PM): lol The Squid3188 (7:27:03 PM): Cornblog! SBristowSD6 (7:27:07 PM): No SBristowSD6 (7:27:10 PM): My Blog Tofig36 (7:27:13 PM): It's snowing! SBristowSD6 (7:27:14 PM): I shall call it The Squid3188 (7:27:18 PM): YAY! SBristowSD6 (7:27:19 PM): THE BLOGS OF WAR! The Squid3188 (7:27:20 PM): PARTY! SBristowSD6 (7:27:24 PM): WOO! MysteriousBob87 (7:27:25 PM): its been snowing for a while SBristowSD6 (7:27:27 PM): WOO! Tofig36 (7:27:34 PM): every body get up it's time to dance now MysteriousBob87 (7:27:34 PM): W00t! Tofig36 (7:27:38 PM): we got a real jam going now Tofig36 (7:27:42 PM): welcome to the space jam The Squid3188 (7:27:52 PM): Pie, anyone? Trekker7474 has entered the room. MysteriousBob87 (7:28:01 PM): I would like a slice SBristowSD6 (7:28:01 PM): Stop it Tommy Tofig36 (7:28:02 PM): eat your pants do that dance at the space jam Trekker7474 (7:28:08 PM): thanks SBristowSD6 (7:28:08 PM): You're getting annoying Tofig36 (7:28:11 PM): sorry MysteriousBob87 (7:28:15 PM): i thought thats what they said SBristowSD6 (7:28:16 PM): don't make Marten sic Erin on you The Squid3188 (7:28:18 PM): It's spinach-liver pie Trekker7474 (7:28:21 PM): oh, now I'm all confused The Squid3188 (7:28:24 PM): Is that ok? SBristowSD6 (7:28:24 PM): ewww... MysteriousBob87 (7:28:28 PM): never mind, i dont want any Tofig36 (7:28:35 PM): remove the liver from the pie The Squid3188 (7:28:36 PM): Ok, more for me Trekker7474 (7:28:36 PM): no SBristowSD6 (7:28:45 PM): this is fun! SBristowSD6 (7:28:50 PM): we need to do this more often Trekker7474 (7:29:00 PM): spinach makes you strong The Squid3188 (7:29:00 PM): make sure someone saves this and posts it on the greater blog MysteriousBob87 (7:29:02 PM): i think we should quit this crazy chat and move the party to either michael's or the comstock's house Tofig36 (7:29:07 PM): wait wait wait Tofig36 (7:29:09 PM): Jonah The Squid3188 (7:29:12 PM): ? Tofig36 (7:29:25 PM): spinach's have liver? SBristowSD6 (7:29:28 PM): Why is Nathan confused The Squid3188 (7:29:34 PM): Spinach and liver SBristowSD6 (7:29:38 PM): no it's spinich, liver pie Trekker7474 (7:29:40 PM): I missed a big chunk Tofig36 (7:29:42 PM): OH SBristowSD6 (7:29:42 PM): DAMN YOU COMSTOCK! Tofig36 (7:29:48 PM): right right The Squid3188 (7:29:52 PM): which one? MysteriousBob87 (7:29:58 PM): nathan prolly Trekker7474 (7:30:01 PM): huh? Tofig36 (7:30:14 PM): i been warhammer 40k: Firewarrior SBristowSD6 (7:30:15 PM): The One who is less hairy and smells good The Squid3188 (7:30:23 PM): yay! MysteriousBob87 (7:30:25 PM): Ill have some pie, i just remembered i like both of those things The Squid3188 (7:30:26 PM): I win! Tofig36 (7:30:31 PM): liver? The Squid3188 (7:30:31 PM): too late SBristowSD6 (7:30:35 PM): Marten's gross MysteriousBob87 (7:30:35 PM): yeah The Squid3188 (7:30:36 PM): I ate it all SBristowSD6 (7:30:40 PM): Bwah! MysteriousBob87 (7:30:44 PM): its just with pie connecte4d, it sounded bad Trekker7474 (7:30:45 PM): I don't eat liver, except squid liver The Squid3188 (7:30:49 PM): but there is half a cheesecake SBristowSD6 (7:30:49 PM): It's funny cause it's hypothetical SBristowSD6 (7:30:54 PM): Not nice Nathan MysteriousBob87 (7:30:58 PM): I eat squid for breakfast! Tofig36 (7:31:01 PM): i eat squirrel liver Trekker7474 (7:31:03 PM): I love squid liver The Squid3188 (7:31:03 PM): you want it, Marten? MysteriousBob87 (7:31:12 PM): sure Trekker7474 (7:31:17 PM): no fair! MysteriousBob87 (7:31:18 PM): I eat squirrel heart MysteriousBob87 (7:31:23 PM): its really good and tender MysteriousBob87 (7:31:28 PM): honestly, u should try it MysteriousBob87 (7:31:39 PM): brb Tofig36 (7:31:39 PM): the liver is fine for me Trekker7474 (7:31:44 PM): you know how Kaylee always says she wants your body? Tofig36 (7:31:49 PM): no Trekker7474 (7:31:55 PM): Well, I just want the liver The Squid3188 (7:31:56 PM): you sure Marten? The Squid3188 (7:32:03 PM): It's a cheesecake of death The Squid3188 (7:32:08 PM): it's cursed Trekker7474 (7:32:21 PM): ooh, give me a piece! SBristowSD6 (7:32:23 PM): eh...not as funny as Biscotti of mass destruction The Squid3188 (7:32:40 PM): have you read Meow, Michael? MysteriousBob87 (7:32:42 PM): i did not know that SBristowSD6 (7:32:44 PM): No Trekker7474 has left the room. The Squid3188 (7:32:54 PM): I'll bring it tomorrow MysteriousBob87 (7:32:56 PM): meow? Tofig36 (7:32:58 PM): the system is down MysteriousBob87 (7:33:04 PM): the system is down SBristowSD6 (7:33:06 PM): Nathan told me about it at 12 last night while chatting with other people and watching Queer Eye SBristowSD6 (7:33:10 PM): Get Down! The Squid3188 (7:33:11 PM): More Engaging Offbeat Writing SBristowSD6 (7:33:12 PM): Get Down! SBristowSD6 (7:33:16 PM): I knew that MysteriousBob87 (7:33:19 PM): whats this aboutkaylee wanting my body? The Squid3188 (7:33:20 PM): It's our magazine The Squid3188 (7:33:30 PM): doesn't everyone? SBristowSD6 (7:33:33 PM): Thanks for coming around to the self-evident point I made five minutes ago Tofig36 (7:33:48 PM): Kaylee Rebholz? SBristowSD6 (7:34:06 PM): Awww...Marten has a girlfriend The Squid3188 (7:34:10 PM): Kaylee the Destroyer MysteriousBob87 (7:34:13 PM): i do? MysteriousBob87 (7:34:14 PM): cool SBristowSD6 (7:34:16 PM): Or maybe just a fuckbuddy The Squid3188 (7:34:17 PM): She's a Battlebot Tofig36 (7:34:20 PM): lol MysteriousBob87 (7:34:23 PM): who is she? MysteriousBob87 (7:34:31 PM): which kaylle? SBristowSD6 (7:34:33 PM): Sorry for profanity, reading Six Feet Under recaps MysteriousBob87 (7:34:35 PM): I know several Tofig36 (7:34:36 PM): Pizza Jane The Squid3188 (7:34:38 PM): I just told you Tofig36 (7:34:43 PM): that is who she is Tofig36 (7:34:46 PM): Pizza Jane SBristowSD6 (7:34:50 PM): Nathan died SBristowSD6 (7:34:54 PM): again MysteriousBob87 (7:34:56 PM): no u didnt Tofig36 (7:35:01 PM): Alchohol poisoning The Squid3188 (7:35:03 PM): Let's have a moment of silence The Squid3188 (7:35:11 PM): Ok times up MysteriousBob87 (7:35:12 PM): a moment of semblance Tofig36 (7:35:12 PM): *silence* SBristowSD6 (7:35:14 PM): I swear that man couldn't find his ass with a flashlight MysteriousBob87 (7:35:17 PM): a moment of stillnes SBristowSD6 (7:35:24 PM): No stillness MysteriousBob87 (7:35:27 PM): hey, look my ass! The Squid3188 (7:35:33 PM): A moment of silliness MysteriousBob87 (7:35:38 PM): lol MysteriousBob87 (7:35:42 PM): this is long SBristowSD6 (7:35:43 PM): No, I wasn't talking about you The Squid3188 (7:35:45 PM): Flipzorg gerodneyplox! Tofig36 (7:35:48 PM): garlbedee good Tofig36 (7:35:54 PM): gook* MysteriousBob87 (7:35:56 PM): Were gonna have to post this in intervals SBristowSD6 (7:35:56 PM): I'm posting it on WKODHIB2: EB The Squid3188 (7:36:04 PM): EB? The Squid3188 (7:36:19 PM): You're blog has a sequel? SBristowSD6 (7:36:24 PM): What kind of day has it been 2: Electric Boogaloo The Squid3188 (7:36:27 PM): *Your SBristowSD6 (7:36:28 PM): Yeah Tofig36 (7:36:29 PM): lol MysteriousBob87 (7:36:32 PM): elaborate The Squid3188 (7:36:33 PM): I cvan't believe I did that SBristowSD6 (7:36:43 PM): It's where I posted the Chris Linday transcript MysteriousBob87 (7:36:43 PM): lol The Squid3188 (7:36:45 PM): *can't SBristowSD6 (7:36:50 PM): where he called jonah a band geek MysteriousBob87 (7:36:51 PM): jeez jonah Tofig36 (7:36:54 PM): A day without your cornpops is like a day without music MysteriousBob87 (7:36:54 PM): o MysteriousBob87 (7:37:04 PM): thats it SBristowSD6 (7:37:04 PM): Tommy Tofig36 (7:37:04 PM): Jonah is a journalism geek SBristowSD6 (7:37:06 PM): Stop it Tofig36 (7:37:08 PM): i am a band geek The Squid3188 (7:37:08 PM): I'm so CONFUSED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! The Squid3188 (7:37:11 PM): I'm both MysteriousBob87 (7:37:16 PM): thats the new end line thing The Squid3188 (7:37:18 PM): I walk the fine line Tofig36 (7:37:24 PM): lol SBristowSD6 (7:37:26 PM): He's a Journalism Band Trekkie MysteriousBob87 (7:37:29 PM): I walk a thick one Tofig36 (7:37:32 PM): right right right MysteriousBob87 (7:37:32 PM): its safer The Squid3188 (7:37:41 PM): I can live with that MysteriousBob87 (7:37:42 PM): Im a Renaisance man MysteriousBob87 (7:37:49 PM): Music art and drama Tofig36 (7:37:51 PM): I'm living in a doomhouse MysteriousBob87 (7:37:56 PM): And Im dropping music and art MysteriousBob87 (7:38:00 PM): no more lines for me SBristowSD6 (7:38:01 PM): The Fall's Gonna Kill You The Squid3188 (7:38:01 PM): I never really come out cool SBristowSD6 (7:38:04 PM): I hate drama The Squid3188 (7:38:08 PM): so I'm ok SBristowSD6 (7:38:09 PM): It just sucks SBristowSD6 (7:38:11 PM): and blows The Squid3188 (7:38:15 PM): Ooh MysteriousBob87 (7:38:15 PM): how? MysteriousBob87 (7:38:25 PM): like the megamaid? The Squid3188 (7:38:30 PM): I could be a band-journalism-drama trekkie SBristowSD6 (7:38:36 PM): You can't pick your monologue, you can't pick your seat, you can't pick your ass Tofig36 (7:38:36 PM): true Tofig36 (7:38:41 PM): lol Tofig36 (7:38:44 PM): haha ass The Squid3188 (7:38:47 PM): don't forget pick your nose The Squid3188 (7:38:57 PM): or does she allow that? MysteriousBob87 (7:38:58 PM): No one can pick their ass SBristowSD6 (7:38:58 PM): yeah should have gone with that Tofig36 (7:39:02 PM): you can't pick your toenails SBristowSD6 (7:39:08 PM): Oh come on The Squid3188 (7:39:10 PM): You can MysteriousBob87 (7:39:11 PM): You can clip them though SBristowSD6 (7:39:13 PM): Nathan is doing it right now The Squid3188 (7:39:19 PM): If you like them you keep them Tofig36 (7:39:23 PM): In drama class? The Squid3188 (7:39:26 PM): If you don't you clip them The Squid3188 (7:39:33 PM): sounds like picking to me SBristowSD6 (7:39:47 PM): Rachel Bossi's on SBristowSD6 (7:39:55 PM): Red Haven's on Fire Tofig36 (7:40:02 PM): she yelled at me when i tried to talk to her online MysteriousBob87 (7:40:03 PM): c'mon, are wegonna move this party to a physical location, or do i have to leave and watch interview with a vampire? SBristowSD6 (7:40:08 PM): why? Tofig36 (7:40:11 PM): but then i talked to her in school Tofig36 (7:40:15 PM): and she apoligized SBristowSD6 (7:40:17 PM): Watch Joan of Arcadia SBristowSD6 (7:40:20 PM): it's nicer The Squid3188 (7:40:23 PM): can we move it to a physical lkocation? The Squid3188 (7:40:29 PM): I have plans tonight SBristowSD6 (7:40:35 PM): and has HotDogGod SBristowSD6 (7:40:37 PM): really... MysteriousBob87 (7:40:39 PM): I think urs or michaels house would be best Tofig36 (7:40:40 PM): can we move it to a psychic location? MysteriousBob87 (7:40:44 PM): theyre biggest SBristowSD6 (7:40:49 PM): with Claire? The Squid3188 (7:40:50 PM): why don't you guys come to Michael's tomorrow? MysteriousBob87 (7:40:51 PM): I told you Im not psychic! The Squid3188 (7:40:54 PM): no Tofig36 (7:41:00 PM): sure you aren't The Squid3188 (7:41:02 PM): It's my mom's birthday MysteriousBob87 (7:41:18 PM): Im lost, when did your moms birthday come in to play? Tofig36 (7:41:27 PM): happy birthday mrs. Hornbeck SBristowSD6 (7:41:27 PM): I have Doritos and Sports Night on DVD Tofig36 (7:41:32 PM): Mrs. or Ms.? Tofig36 (7:41:35 PM): by the way Tofig36 (7:41:41 PM): sports night is great MysteriousBob87 (7:41:45 PM): yeah, I get confused to SBristowSD6 (7:41:48 PM): Yeah The Squid3188 (7:41:48 PM): She says thanks MysteriousBob87 (7:41:49 PM): I just call her carol SBristowSD6 (7:41:50 PM): It is SBristowSD6 (7:41:56 PM): I also have west wing on DVD The Squid3188 (7:41:57 PM): she's fine with that MysteriousBob87 (7:42:04 PM): West Wing! Tofig36 (7:42:04 PM): also very nifty MysteriousBob87 (7:42:08 PM): on Dvd! MysteriousBob87 (7:42:12 PM): I purchased it for me! SBristowSD6 (7:42:14 PM): Can I call her Ma Comstock? MysteriousBob87 (7:42:18 PM): lol The Squid3188 (7:42:21 PM): I guss The Squid3188 (7:42:24 PM): *guess The Squid3188 (7:42:39 PM): she says not a chance SBristowSD6 (7:42:46 PM): Too bad Tofig36 (7:42:49 PM): ya mama comstock SBristowSD6 (7:42:51 PM): Now I'm calling her  MysteriousBob87 (7:42:52 PM): on what, moving this to ur house? Tofig36 (7:42:53 PM): good idea MysteriousBob87 (7:42:57 PM): or calling her Ma Comstock? Tofig36 (7:43:05 PM): either way The Squid3188 (7:43:09 PM): Ma Hornbeck might be ok SBristowSD6 (7:43:18 PM): Oh...forgot Tofig36 (7:43:19 PM): mama hornbeck? SBristowSD6 (7:43:30 PM): Can I call her Jonah's Mommy? The Squid3188 (7:43:34 PM): that's right out too The Squid3188 (7:43:41 PM): better stick with Carol MysteriousBob87 (7:43:47 PM): yeah Tofig36 (7:43:51 PM): can i call her Regina Glassmen? SBristowSD6 (7:43:55 PM): And Thomas's mom is "Tommy! Schlamme's! Mommy!" SBristowSD6 (7:44:03 PM): No but Regina Rouge is okay The Squid3188 (7:44:08 PM): we call her the Momas MysteriousBob87 (7:44:19 PM): Momas The Squid3188 (7:44:20 PM): a shortening of Mom of Thomas Tofig36 (7:44:22 PM): that's what i call her occasionally SBristowSD6 (7:44:26 PM): Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha MysteriousBob87 (7:44:27 PM): Ive never actually caled her that The Squid3188 (7:44:33 PM): I think I have once The Squid3188 (7:44:38 PM): behind her back SBristowSD6 (7:44:45 PM): What do you call my mommy? The Squid3188 (7:44:55 PM): Mrs. Christie MysteriousBob87 (7:44:59 PM): Bonnie The Squid3188 (7:45:05 PM): really? Tofig36 (7:45:06 PM): michmyh MysteriousBob87 (7:45:09 PM): well, actually i dont Tofig36 (7:45:09 PM): michmy* Tofig36 (7:45:17 PM): michael's moomy Tofig36 (7:45:20 PM): bah The Squid3188 (7:45:23 PM): so, you guys in for tomorrow? Tofig36 (7:45:24 PM): cant spell SBristowSD6 (7:45:25 PM): My mom is not a cow! SBristowSD6 (7:45:29 PM): I demand Satisfaction! Tofig36 (7:45:30 PM): tomorrow? The Squid3188 (7:45:34 PM): at one SBristowSD6 (7:45:37 PM): *slap* Tofig36 (7:45:39 PM): at one? SBristowSD6 (7:45:41 PM): Sports night on DVD Tofig36 (7:45:42 PM): ouch SBristowSD6 (7:45:44 PM): *slap* The Squid3188 (7:45:46 PM): at Michael's house SBristowSD6 (7:45:51 PM): *slap* MysteriousBob87 (7:45:53 PM): sounds good Tofig36 (7:45:54 PM): ouch Tofig36 (7:45:58 PM): michael stop that The Squid3188 (7:45:59 PM): btw, Michael, can I invite them? MysteriousBob87 (7:46:06 PM): so are we going to michael's now? The Squid3188 (7:46:10 PM): not now SBristowSD6 (7:46:14 PM): Well, what am I going to say now. No? The Squid3188 (7:46:14 PM): tomorrow The Squid3188 (7:46:24 PM): you could Tofig36 (7:46:29 PM): where is your house?! SBristowSD6 (7:46:36 PM): Jonah has to provide snacks for the three additional people he's bringing The Squid3188 (7:46:43 PM): three? The Squid3188 (7:47:03 PM): only two, and Nate's not coming SBristowSD6 (7:47:08 PM): Jonah needs to provide transportation for the three additional people he's bringing MysteriousBob87 (7:47:10 PM): why not? SBristowSD6 (7:47:12 PM): yeah just realized he was gone Tofig36 (7:47:13 PM): i dont know if i can or cant come SBristowSD6 (7:47:24 PM): let's talk about him behind his back! The Squid3188 (7:47:29 PM): he's got a date MysteriousBob87 (7:47:36 PM): lucky bastard The Squid3188 (7:47:42 PM): he's taking a girl to a Star Trek convention SBristowSD6 (7:47:49 PM): Oh. Yeah. The Trekkie Love Festival? Tofig36 (7:47:50 PM): so i've heard The Squid3188 (7:47:57 PM): evidentally SBristowSD6 (7:48:06 PM): Eh...Marten doesn't need a girlfriend or a date MysteriousBob87 (7:48:11 PM): what? MysteriousBob87 (7:48:13 PM): why not? The Squid3188 (7:48:14 PM): Micheal, I can't get to the grocery between now and then SBristowSD6 (7:48:14 PM): he has erin SBristowSD6 (7:48:26 PM): Well you better come up with something MysteriousBob87 (7:48:27 PM): No, Erin is my Jedi Master, not a love interest The Squid3188 (7:48:30 PM): so, I'll make Marten and Thomas bring snacks SBristowSD6 (7:48:34 PM): I have doritos SBristowSD6 (7:48:37 PM): and Sprite SBristowSD6 (7:48:43 PM): and maybe a little bit of root beer The Squid3188 (7:48:44 PM): you guys ok with that? Tofig36 (7:48:44 PM): i have turkey MysteriousBob87 (7:48:44 PM): I have a little bag of combos Tofig36 (7:48:49 PM): and macaroni and cheese MysteriousBob87 (7:48:51 PM): sounds good SBristowSD6 (7:48:56 PM): and also 3.5 Surround Sound MysteriousBob87 (7:48:57 PM): can u bring that? SBristowSD6 (7:49:08 PM): I have macaroni and cheese too Tofig36 (7:49:27 PM): kraft? MysteriousBob87 (7:49:34 PM): LOL The Squid3188 (7:49:34 PM): let me see what I've got SBristowSD6 (7:49:39 PM): Anything else is Krap Tofig36 (7:49:49 PM): stofer's is pretty good MysteriousBob87 (7:49:59 PM): sofia always asked if it was kraft before she got mac and cheese at a restaraunt Tofig36 (7:50:08 PM): lol SBristowSD6 (7:50:19 PM): And Marten Re: Erin, You'll be making out before February Sweeps SBristowSD6 (7:50:21 PM): trust me SBristowSD6 (7:50:26 PM): I watch a lot of tv MysteriousBob87 (7:50:46 PM): lol Tofig36 (7:50:48 PM): hehe MysteriousBob87 (7:50:51 PM): Your a nut SBristowSD6 (7:50:54 PM): You know our chat is rapidly disappearing The Squid3188 (7:50:54 PM): lots of microwave popcorn The Squid3188 (7:51:00 PM): that's about it Tofig36 (7:51:02 PM): marten+erin+romance=hilarity SBristowSD6 (7:51:08 PM): I CAN'T EAT POPCORN! WAAAAAAAAAA!!! Tofig36 (7:51:13 PM): y not? SBristowSD6 (7:51:15 PM): WAAAAAAAAA!! MysteriousBob87 (7:51:17 PM): it would be even funnier if erin was here MysteriousBob87 (7:51:19 PM): ? SBristowSD6 (7:51:22 PM): I LOV-ED YOU POPCORN! SBristowSD6 (7:51:28 PM): I LOV-ED YOU! SBristowSD6 (7:51:30 PM): Braces MysteriousBob87 (7:51:36 PM): o Tofig36 (7:51:38 PM): oh bloody hell The Squid3188 (7:51:40 PM): eat it anyway Tofig36 (7:51:40 PM): eat it anyway Tofig36 (7:51:47 PM): i did The Squid3188 (7:51:50 PM): jinx! Tofig36 (7:51:50 PM): and nothing bad happened MysteriousBob87 (7:51:54 PM): popcorn and gum dont actually do anything Tofig36 (7:51:56 PM): crap SBristowSD6 (7:51:57 PM): Yeah and look at your teeth now The Squid3188 (7:52:02 PM): I said jinx, Thomas Tofig36 (7:52:09 PM): ... MysteriousBob87 (7:52:11 PM): its stale conr chips and thick carmel and taffy u gotta watch out for The Squid3188 (7:52:12 PM): you can't talk until I say your SBristowSD6 (7:52:14 PM): that's why he said crap Tofig36 (7:52:15 PM): mhhhmmhhhh The Squid3188 (7:52:16 PM): o crap The Squid3188 (7:52:22 PM): I just did SBristowSD6 (7:52:23 PM): Hee. Tofig36 (7:52:25 PM): mhhhmmmhhhhh The Squid3188 (7:52:30 PM): Thomas MysteriousBob87 (7:52:31 PM): lol Tofig36 (7:52:32 PM): 2 The Squid3188 (7:52:34 PM): you can talk now Tofig36 (7:52:40 PM): 1 MysteriousBob87 (7:52:40 PM): he said crap after michael said he did Tofig36 (7:52:52 PM): mmmnhhhm2mmmmmhhhmmm1 SBristowSD6 (7:53:11 PM): Okay Krause, Kraft, Kiefer, and Kollateral Damage: Kome After One or I put you in a Koma.  MysteriousBob87 (7:53:18 PM): thomas SBristowSD6 (7:53:21 PM): Hee! Alliteration Tofig36 (7:53:24 PM): huzzah The Squid3188 (7:53:26 PM): I g2g Tofig36 (7:53:27 PM): thomas can talk Tofig36 (7:53:29 PM): bye bye SBristowSD6 (7:53:35 PM): Bye Jonah The Squid3188 (7:53:36 PM): must update corndog SBristowSD6 (7:53:42 PM): DON'T LEAVE ME WITH TOMMY! MysteriousBob87 (7:53:45 PM): I must watch iwav SBristowSD6 (7:53:48 PM): You just updated Tofig36 (7:53:51 PM): i must do the dishes shortly anyway michael SBristowSD6 (7:53:58 PM): Okay I gotta go too The Squid3188 (7:54:00 PM): whoever leaves last, save and post the conversation Tofig36 (7:54:02 PM): i watched trading places today MysteriousBob87 (7:54:04 PM): what time tomorrow? SBristowSD6 (7:54:10 PM): ONE SBristowSD6 (7:54:11 PM): ONE MysteriousBob87 (7:54:13 PM): i will Tofig36 (7:54:13 PM): i have it saved already SBristowSD6 (7:54:13 PM): ONE MysteriousBob87 (7:54:14 PM): ok Tofig36 (7:54:17 PM): i'll do it The Squid3188 (7:54:19 PM): save it again The Squid3188 (7:54:21 PM): bye The Squid3188 has left the room. SBristowSD6 (7:54:26 PM): Plan on staying until we finish season one, dammit Tofig36 (7:54:35 PM): what? SBristowSD6 (7:54:41 PM): of sports night MysteriousBob87 (7:54:55 PM): ok Tofig36 (7:54:57 PM): i dont know if i can because me grandparents are comign Tofig36 (7:55:04 PM): errr Tofig36 (7:55:06 PM): are here i mean SBristowSD6 (7:55:14 PM): okay SBristowSD6 (7:55:23 PM): be nice to them Tofig36 (7:55:31 PM): i shall SBristowSD6 (7:55:32 PM): Grand parents are our greatest national resource SBristowSD6 (7:55:46 PM): I have to go...away SBristowSD6 (7:55:51 PM): Bye! Tofig36 (7:55:55 PM): good bye MysteriousBob87 (7:55:56 PM): bye! MysteriousBob87 has left the room. -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Session concluded at 7:56:19 PM --------------------------------------------------------------------------------   -You're living in a Dooom Hooouuuseee!
    


	 
      Ah, Lara's back.  I liked the book tour thing.  If you post again it has to have little static sound effects in it. that can be your compensation for not having a title scheme.  Sit Ubu, Sit. Good Dog.            Woof!
    


	 
      Erin - I insist on getting you a gift certificate, at least. I have Christmas/JournalCon gifts for everybody in mind already and will work on getting them purchased.  Lara - I'm sorry, I have to ask. What time is it in Johannesburg? 'Cause you must not know that Erin and I have buried the metaphorical hatchet.   Jonah - I'm Casey McCall and this is Dan Rydell and you're watching Sports Night on CSC so stick around.  Nathan - Aww... Nerds in love. Maybe you could propose to her. You would give her 'the one ring' as your wedding ring, then you would buy a spaceship and adopt blobby aliens of some kind and then get some pet tribbles.*  Marten - Sorry your thanksgiving sucked. Mine didn't. Read about it here at What Kind of Day Has It Been. Or not. Depending on whether I'm sitting in the office updating or watching a rerun of the pilot of Joan of Arcadia. Probably the latter.  Thomas - I think he died. Just my opinion. I heard his name at LC mentioned. They wanted him to come down to the dean's office for messages. Maybe his mom picked him up and they moved to Sri Lanka.  Sophia - Refrigerator Box? Cool.  Also regarding the webcomic comparison. I really don't know what you're talking about, so I'll put it in terms that I understand  Marten's omnipotence and wisdom qualify him as Jed Bartlet. Erin is the tall attractive press secretary CJ Cregg. I am the lovable, but still annoying Deputy chief of staff Josh Lyman. Jonah is Sam Seaborn, Deputy Communications Director, whereas Nathan is Toby Ziegler, Communications Director. Oh and Sophia is Donna, who is Josh's assistant. Lara is Mandy, who was a major player in the beginning but was never heard from again. Thomas is the aging chief of staff Leo McGarry.  Cut me out of the loop, will ya...  *This was meant to be something said to provoke laughter, otherwise known as a joke. Just don't want Erin to think I be dissin' Nathan.*  *This was also a joke, where I made a blatant attempt to state the obvious. Please don't hurt me.
    


	 
      Sorry I haven't posted in so long you guys, but you know how it is with an older brother hogging the computer day in and day out...maybe you don't then.    Welcome to the blog Michael and Erin! Stop fighting its buggering me.  I don't know why but I don't feel too talkative right about now.  What did I write anyways?  Sit Ubu, Sit. Good Dog.            Woof!
    


	 
      I just asked Ashley to a Star Trek convention.  I don't really know why, it just seemed like a good idea at the time.  I saw the article in the paper, realized it was the same time as we were going to lunch and then.. it just sort of fell into place.  In retrospect, it seems really crazy.  I mean, she watches Star Trek, but she's not as big a fan as me.  Still, she said yes.  I hope it works out; there's no going back now.   And that's it.  I'm going back to bed.
    


	 
      Thanks, Michael, but an end to hostilities is more than enough for me. I'm sorry for being so... well, bitchy. Okay, everybody, it's officially over. You can all come out of the bomb shelters now. (Group hug.) Marten: How can I stay mad at you for more than ten seconds? As Magrat Garlick herself would say: "Um." I hope everybody had a great Thanksgiving! I know I did. Sit Ubu, Sit. Good Dog.            Woof!
    


	 
      Erin, I sincerely apologize. I realized that on this day of thanksgiving that my remarks and behavior was inappropriate. I would like to bridge the gap between us by purchasing you two tickets to "One Man Star Wars" in Chicago. I can't provide lodging or transportion, but Expedia frequently has good deals. The show is playing at The Noble Fool theatre and is playing January 1st and 3rd. It is probably playing more in the future beyond that but Ticketmaster has no information. Provide dates, and if tickets are available they're yours. 
    


	 
      Of course, Nate's usual luck with girls would qualify him as Sam, so I guess Jonah is Torg. Sit Ubu, Sit. Good Dog.            Woof!
    


	 
      Nate, I think you would be the nerd who gets caught up in everything Sophia would be the insane beauty, Erin, would be, um, Queen Magrat.  I know thats irrelevent.  Erin: um, sorry, I figured once you had told him it would be alright, I thought it might help the situation in general if he knew exactly what the problem was.  Woohoo! Nates got a date! I claim it as a personal victory that had nothing to do with me.  See above exclamation! Jonah has updated the toaster story! Another personal victory. All points revert to me. I dont think Lara counts as a character in this little webcomic, as she no longer exists other than an odd gag about a book tour in a random location.  Its thanksgiving, and I am in the last place I want to be, but its good anyway cuz Matt's good at painting models. He's working on Tau right now, only nathan or jonah will know what I mean, but who cares?  Hey Thomas! Find something interesting and post about it! I want to see that catchy little title scheme again. Sit Ubu, Sit. Good Dog.            Woof!   
    


	 
      Michael and Erin--I really hope you guys are finished because this fighting is getting very tiresome.    So anyways, HAPPY THANKSGIVING everyone!  OOOH!! AND GUESS WHAT!!!  I have a refrigerator box in my bedroom now!  I'm so excited!!! :D!  Sit Ubu, Sit. Good Dog.            Woof!
    


	 
      One last thing to Michael: For one thing, you kept nagging about subject lines and the way people did their convorsations. As far as "widespread" goes, at the time Marten notified you of my "angry letter," Marten, Thomas, Sophia, and I think Nathan (I'm not sure about the others) were all getting fed up with it as well. They didn't put it in any form of print; the communication was strictly vocal. I'm tired now and I'm going to bed. Sit Ubu, Sit. Good Dog.            Woof!
    


	 
      JOSH: [comes out of his office] Victory is mine! Victory is mine! Great day in the morning people. Victory is mine! DONNA: Good morning, Josh. JOSH: I drink from the keg of glory, Donna. Bring me the finest muffins and bagels in all the land. DONNA: It’s gonna be an unbearable day. -The West Wing "Post Hoc, Propter Ergo Hoc."  Heh Heh Heh...forgot about the "Quivering mass of indecision".  Erin, Also just want to ask, where exactly did I tell you how to post on the blog. Just show me. And believe me, if I never exchange posts with you again, it won't be soon enough. And I'm "widespread desire for you to moderate your habits"? Erin, what are you talking about. Marten has no problem. Nor do Jonah, Nathan, Thomas (I don't think...), Sophia or Lara. So unless you have split personality I don't really see the "widespread desire".   Done People. The Erin Problem is solved. Unless this post gives her (and then Marten) an anyerism I'll see y'all next week.
    


	 
      By the way, everybody have a happy Thanksgiving!  I'm going as far as McCordsville before the arduous journey to my grandmother's house, which is around the corner from mine. Also, Camelot at Footlite rocked. --- "Morgan le Fay! Can you hear me? Am I near your invisible castle?" Nathan: Yay for you! It seems you are certainly a lucky fellow. Sit Ubu, Sit. Good Dog.            Woof!
    


	 
      Ahem. Yes, Michael, I did read the whole thing. After being awed by your brilliant mockery of my typos (I don't know-- Are we in sixth grade?) and amazed by how full of yourself you really are, I have only a few things to say. I don't care what you say in your convorsations. I don't care what you want to make up about Rob Lowe and shoes. But it is neither your place nor your right to call me a "quivering mass of indecision" or to instruct me or anyone else as to correct posting on the blog. You don't seem to have taken to that treatment yourself. And I'm interested that you had to go to an outside source to find sufficient means of mocking me. While we're on that subject, Marten, I'm curious to know exactly why you chose to share a private email with someone else without my permission-- with, in fact, my having asked you not to. I'm sorry if it's getting mean, but you're the one who told me to start it.  On a closing note, I apologize for the inconvenience to fellow bloggers. But I have no intention of moving this elsewhere, as I have no intention of being involved in it nearly so long as such a commitment would imply. I, for one, have better things to do with my time than trade insults on a website set aside for that purpose. I have no problem with both of us remaining on the blog so long as you know of the widespread desire for you to moderate your habits. If we are agreed in that regard, then let's all just move on. That's about all I have to say about that. Sit Ubu, Sit. Good Dog.            Woof!
    


	 
      Well, Marten, a pair of girls succeded where you failed:  they have successfully gotten me over Laura.  Heather was, of course, in on it.  Plus, then I found the perfect actually attainable girl and asked her out.  We have absolutely everything in common.  She's even a Babylon 5 fan!  What more could I want?  It actually makes the break seem like a bad thing, just cause it's a time during which we wont see each other when we normally would.     Her friends are always trying to get her a boyfriend, and now that she's found a guy who likes her without their help they won't leave us alone, so we're keeping it a secret at LN, just to spite them.  There's my love life update, hope it doesn't bore you to much. Michael: Why were you calling Erin non-jewish?  It seems like sort of a bizarre insult. Jonah: If this is a web-comic, I know Erin's the insane beauty(Oasis, Margaret, sort of Gwynn, Sal), Lara's the wishy-washy younger sister who only shows up occasionally (Min, Lilly, I know there are more), and Marten's the brilliant, but mysterious blonde (Riff, Fooker, Roger).  So who's the hapless Nerd who gets caught up in everything?  And that's it.  I'm going back to bed.
    


	 
      I really do not mean to post often, In fact "Enemies" has been my first post over one word in five days. I also move to take the Blog War into a seperate website. I've got an extra one, me and Erin will battle it out there and the winner shall return to Compendium victorious. And as anyone who has seen "Posse Comitatus" knows, Victorious in war shall be made Glorious in peace.   Jonah - I really wish you would post more frequently as you would know that Marten and I have resolved the posting issue, in a calm and resolved manner. Yes, I know. You're all shocked. Michael used diplomatic resources to resove an issue rather than just slitting the offending persons throat.  Erin - I wait for your reply. I hope you consider yourself a worthy opponant. I also hope you had the stomach to finish my post and did not just e-mail Marten in a "hissy-fit" of epic proportions. I also have to say, that quite frankly I don't give a damn if you are a senior. Just means you'll probably be gone next year anyway.  Gratias Tibi Ago Domine will be up Friday  Until next time, I'm Michael Christie, and your ring "The Enemy Within" on CoS. Stay tuned for comedy in the form of "Smack the Pony".   
    


	 
      Bug's have ears?  Begun this Blog War has.  Insert Fanfare.  Is there anything else? If there is, It should be entertaining instead of just mean.   Jonah's right about the whole webcomic thing.  Michael's our own Bun-Bun, only no switch blade.   Sit Ubu, Sit. Good Dog.            Woof!
    


	 
      You're both right. Michael, yes, you've singled out arrogance and meanness (but in a good natured way) as your niche on the blog.  And, as every good webcomic teaches us, every group of good guys needs an ambiguously evil character.  So, we put up with you and don't take offense.  In fact we enjoy your presence. HOWEVER, the mean guy is not the main character, and many feel you are taking over the blog by posting too much.  And you didn't preface this niche, so Erin, who doesn't know you, obviously thought you were just an asshole (pardon my crude slang).   So, Micheal be your own person, but less often, and Erin, don't ake anything he says seriously.  If he says something that really offends you, don't tell Marten, tell him.  He'll probably apologize.  Otherwise I'll beat him up.  I've probably oversimplified, but that's my two cents. To everyone else who has dissappeared in the midst of all this, come back and do like always.  If you don't want to become involved in a conflict, just ignore it and post normal stuff.  The world needn't stop for Erin and Michael.  Sit Ubu, Sit. Good Dog.            Woof!
    


	 
      Erin,  My response is in two parts, you paranoid shiksta feminista. First the part where I mock you mercilessly, then the other part. Keep reading. If you can’t scroll down any farther, then close your eyes and think of England, sweetie. It gets better.  Yeah, it's been a week or so and Michael Christie is still getting on my nerves. [A week? Honey, that’s like seconds in Michael Time! I’ve been getting on people’s nerves for years! It’s part of my incendiary charm. –Michael] I don't want to be negative, [Little Late for that, don’t you think? –Michael] but I hope you realize he is taking over your blog and I would like to know just who the hell he thinks he is. [Sultan of Neptune! –Michael]  Well, I'm not sure if I was the only one who actually wrote angry letters or not. [Yeah, You really were –Michael] I don't think you would rat me out, [Rat me out? Are we in Sixth Grade? –Michael]  but if you want to, let me do it. Let me turn myself in. [Guilty concience, huh? –Michael] In a public exhibition [I believe you mean ‘forum’, the phrase is ‘in a public forum’ –Michael] where I can at least tell him where he is welcome to go. [Chicago? The Ivory Coast?–Michael] He might enjoy his arrogance [Yeah…I really do –Michael], but others don't. [Actually, they kind of do too…Once again part of my incendiary charm. --Michael] Maybe it would help if I knew him in person, but I don't and he doesn't know me. [See below… -Michael] No matter how much he thinks he does and assumes he is welcome to be an ass to me. [I’m an ass to everybody. –Michael] I've had about enough of that for today. [Aww…Sad… --Michael] And he knows it was me anyhow. I know he knows. [Yep, absolutely correct –Michael] Perhaps it was the Huttese that gave me away. [Nope you were the only one who doesn’t know me and it’s common knowledge that to know me is to love me. Just ask Sophia. –Michael] It might as well be out in the open if he's going to ask you to reveal that information—not something a nice person would ask you to do, if you ask me— and if he's going to stay and wants to be hostile to somebody. [ 	 Erin if you were truly offended by my conversations, then well, I think you are as dumb as most of the kids in my Biology class. Convorsations are meant to be taken lightly, and are not a real indication of a persons true being. My convorsations implied that you were bitchy and had a secret thing for Rob Lowe. I don’t actually think that you are bitchy or have a thing for Rob Lowe. I did not mean to offend you. I never knew that you were offended until I got Marten’s message. I pretty much knew it was you, because everyone else knows me, and knows that I’m obnoxious and sort of an ass sometimes, but other times I’m as cute as a little bug’s ear. You just need to realize that I have the maturity of a first grader, and that being sarcastic and mean to you, It just means I like you.   
    


	 
      lol, Go Erin!!!  Sit Ubu, Sit. Good Dog.            Woof!
    


	 
      Michael: As I have been given the go-ahead, I'll save you the trouble of pulling this out of Marten. Yes, as you probably suspected, it was I who wrote the angry letters, though I was not the only one who was angry. Nonetheless, I will answer your particular challenge. And since I have bridged this gap, I may as well provide a translation to my earlier Huttese comment. It means, "The last fool who called me that got his antennae stuffed down his throat. Do you feel lucky, punk?" To that I will add: Kee baatu-baatu. (You bother me.) Kava doompa D'emperiolo stoopa. (You are a low-down Imperial fool.) What? You think it's easy being the Queen? Now, I don't know you, Michael, and you don't know me. But nobody around here appreciates your arrogance but you, and the minute Marten gently tried to inform you of this, you threw a little hissy fit. To put it briefly, I don't like the way you treat Marten, and I don't like the way you refer to others. You are free to "mock me mercilessly," as you put it, but know that I am willing to match you blow for blow, and that I frankly don't care much about what you have to say and thus have little concern for your lack of mercy. I hesitate to pull rank, but... Coughsophomorecough. In conclusion, I cite a quote referring, in case it is unclear, to a certain place over Slice way in Lancre, conveniently located between a Rock and a Hard Place:  "Stuck it up your jumper, sir. Stick it, in fact, up your jumper. Named after Colonel Henri Jumper, I believe. A useful woolen garment akin to a light-weight sweater, sir, which, if I recall correctly, was named after Regimental Sergeant Major Sweat. That, sir, is where you may stick it." -Lieutenant Blouse, Monstrous Regiment by Terry Pratchett  Sit Ubu, Sit. Good Dog.            Woof!
    


	 
      ß
    


	 
       urlLink Read .
    


	 
      hmm...I like this signature.  It's tonsatonsa better than that stupid superball one.  I'm sad Michael left.  Really.  His overexcessive posting made it less obvious that I wasn't posting much.  It was nice.  kinda.  lol.   So I'm feeling kinda random.  Bummer...I was gonna try my luck with a new conversation, but since Michael's gone...DANGIT!!!  grrness.  stupid men and their stupid inferiority complexes.  Stupid, stupid, stupid!  Sit Ubu, Sit. Good Dog.            Woof!
    


	 
      I have a new worst day ever story.  My Day with Day.  Most of you know Daniel, or at least have seen him.  I'm gonna give you the short version I gave Sasha when she asked how the movie went.(slightly extended)  We went the wrong way, we got back on track,we arrived half an hour late, we walked around trying to think of something to do, I let a hot girl tell me what to do so we nearly got killed by three thug-looking guys at The House,we decided to go home, the car broke down, the car started again, we got terribly lost (again) and ended up 28 miles out side the city, then we (finally) went home.  And that's it.  I'm going back to bed.
    


	 
       urlLink Read .
    


	 
      Ok fine. I was wrong about the thomas thing. But still, your compendium to WKoDhiB post ratio was a bit unbalanced. And thats no reason to kick me off! youre over-reacting.   And you were taking over the blog.  Well, this kinda sucks. Im back to not having any contact whatsoever with Michael, and he hates me for it. I hope he doesn't turn me into another Chris Linday, or I wont even be able to read What Kind of Day has it Been.   Sit Ubu, Sit. Good Dog.            Woof!
    


	 
      Read  urlLink This . Unless the wording of that two word sentence is too arrogant or frequent for some of you. Just don't want anyone to send angry e-mails to anyone. Heavens Forfend...  Also Marten, You are wrong.  [ Thu Nov 13, 05:53:59 PM | Thomas Fowler ] Grand Nationals tomorrow and Saturday! Hurray! Welcome to the blog Michael i like your posts   -You're living in a DOOM HOUSE!!!  "No! Just be wrong! Just stand there in your wrongness and be wrong and get used to it!" -Jed Bartlet The West Wing "The White-House Pro Am"  Fade to white. Show title card   MICHAEL STEVEN CHRISTIE NOVEMBER 12, 2003 - NOVEMBER 23, 2003  Fade back to white I'm leaving. And I'm taking my snark with me.
    


	 
      DC was awesome.  So much to tell, so I'll use a bulleted list.  Day 1 -Twelve hour bus ride -The OC -Incompetent hotel staff -Breakfast at Universal Doughnuts -Republican elevator -Evan Bayh's stupid photo-op (Fakest person ever) -Watched Bill Frist, Kay Hutchinson, and Robert Byrd argue about energy ---We could read Byrd's speech from the gallery, the print was so big -Ran into Ted Kennedy ---No, literally -Boring opening ceremony -First trip to Rite-Aid (58-cent liter and a half water!)  Day 2 -Boring class -Full Class -Interesting class -Toured the Times -Boring Write-Off -Scary sightseeing trip -Lame Dance -Hour long conversation with a girl from Florida ---Her name's Liz ---I got her screenname ---I lost it -Bed   Day 3  -Second Breakfast at Universal Doughnuts ---Liz blew me off -Interesting class -Pointless wandering -Boring class -Internet Cafe -Ice Cream, NeoMexican restaurant -Smithsonian ---Bought an awesome souvenir -Lame awards where we won nothing  -Fun dinner w/ staff  ---Not really Hayes's birthday -Second trip to Rite-Aid -Lame Karaoke -Second random girl, this time from California ---Her name's Andy ---I didn't get her sn, but she did invite me into her room -Second twelve hour bus ride  I'd be pleased to elaborate on any item.  You may each pick one.  Sit Ubu, Sit. Good Dog.            Woof!
    


	 
      wow, I think that was my longest post ever.   Sit Ubu, Sit. Good Dog.            Woof!
    


	 
      Well, My titles always have a tiny connection.  You get to feel smart if you find it.      I was cleaning my room yesterday, and it was practically an archaeological expedition, only without nazis and hot British women. There were a few bits of alien technology; I put them up for sale on Ebay.  Anywho, among the artifacts, I found an old health assignment. It was letter I was supposed to deliver to someone who made a difference in our lives, and mine was full of synicism and young martenesque wit that brought a tear to my eye and laughter to my heart.  Dear Andrew,          In health we have to write to someone who had a big impact on our life, and i chose you. We're writing these things for recognition. You know, why they matter in our lives. We figure if more people knew that they were important, we would have less people committing suicide, or something.         The main reason i chose you is because you are a loyal friend. No matter what I did, you would always try to help, or give me encouragement. Nothing I did would matter, you would always be my friend. I hope it can stay that way. I also chose you because when I get mad I can punch you in the stomach without hurting you... Kidding!         Because of all of the above, I present you with this cheap blue ribbon. Remember, it's the thought that counts. I want you to give the other ribbon to someone who made a difference to you, then explain what the ribbon is for. If you don't, I'll have no choice but to not know about it. But please, don't make me resort to stupidity.                                  Your friend,                                          Marten Dollinger, your future lord and master, as soon as the world acknowleges his global control  ha, good times.  That was in seventh grade. Boy have I changed. mmmyep....  anywho, Michael: I have been getting angry letters about you.  It seems like your taking over the blog.  You need to calm down a bit, I've noticed that you don't post on WKoDhiB as often as you used to, and here I see atleast 2 of your posts between everyone elses. I think maybe you've already scared Thomas away, he hasn't posted since October. Maybe you can lower the post rate and arrogance level just a bit? Sit Ubu, Sit. Good Dog.            Woof!
    


	 
      Michael's titles always fit the title scheme, but generally have nothing to do with the post.  That's why he never has trouble with his title scheme.  Since he's so experienced at all this, I've decided to follow his lead.  I'll still try to think up sensical titles when I can, but otherwise, total randomness!  It's better than no title at all. Erin: Either one, since I know parodies are what you're best at.  I started a "Look Down" parody about Marvin, but it just wasn't working at all, so I've moved on. Sit Ubu, Sit. Good Dog.            Woof!
    


	 
      I did too go to Romeo and Juliet. I heart iambic pentameter!  Michael: Da beesga coo palyeeya pityee bo tenya go kaka juju hoopa. Dopa mee gusha, peedunkel?  Nate: Song parodies or original songs?   Which reminds me, I really need to finish my clonetrooper song. It's to the tune of "Lovely Ladies." They dance. :) "A clone army waiting for a fight/ Waiting with the helmets on that minimize our sight..."  Sit Ubu, Sit. Good Dog.            Woof!
    


	 
      Well, I figured it out.  Dune is still on the back burner, but first sci-fi musical can actually be something much easier. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: The Musical! A wild musical comedy where Zaphod Beeblebrox sings duets with himself.  And I want all of you to help me write the hit songs!  My own submission, The Paranoid Android Blues, will be up in a little while.  This isn't a contest, just something I thought some of you would enjoy.  Have some fun with it.  And feel free to include creative reprises. Sit Ubu, Sit. Good Dog.            Woof!
    


	 
      I DO want to be Queen of the Penguins!  And now, "The Lady of Shalott" by Alfred, Lord Tennyson. As a limerick. There once was a girl from Shalott Who fell in love with Lancelot At the end of the day In a barge down she lay And floated out to Camelot  Yay! I am glad last week is over.   Fanfiction recommendation of the week ("You might not care, but I do."): "A Moment in Time" a Star Wars fic on fanfiction.net by Kazzy. It's only 11 chapters long. It's about a not-dead Padme and her twins hiding from the Empire. Very moving and true to the characters, even when they don't do what you want them to. And to boot, it has the Naberries in it! They yell and give hugs! And make food, of course. You know what happened to the only person who ever left that house hungry...   Sit Ubu, Sit. Good Dog.            Woof!
    


	 
      Sorry, guys.  I've been meaning to update this, but i haven't had time online since my pseudoconvorsation. Randomness doesn't always just come to me when called.  It hits me in the head knocks me silly.  Really Silly.  Sit Ubu, Sit. Good Dog.            Woof!
    


	 
      Ya'lls are frighteningly...frightening.  And if I misspelled that...get over it.  Mleh.  Do I have to come up with a real conversation?  CAn I forfeit?  PPPLEEASE?!     SPEECH MEET TOMORROW!!!!!!!! KIPPYYYY!!!!!  If you didn't notice, I'm having trouble with typing.  mleh.  Yar! This Be a Superball!     ~.... what's that guy's name, anyway?
    


	 
      Micheal: Ahh! My name is misspelled in that speaker credit. Erni: No, that happened to everybody's.  Now I'm a muppet. Joanh: Or the cab driver from "It's a Wonderful Life!" Micheal: I think you just did this to cover up for misspelling my name. Joanh: So what? I can do what I want. Micheal: And why is that Comstock boy? Joanh: Because I have powerful friends. Laurenec Fishburen: Hey my name looks cooler this way. Samule .L Jakcson: Mine is awful.  But we're the powerful friends, anyway. Sopiha: Joanh, how do you know so many powerful Hollywood black men? Joanh:  Well, interesting story... Martne: If you have time to tell this story, you have time to update the toaster story. Joanh: And I'll do that as soon as I... Hey, look over there! (Runs off) Htomas: Now that he's gone, can our names be normal. Ernei (the muppet): Yeah, I want my name back. Erni: Well, we don't seem to be able to fix this. Ernei: Well, I atleast want my rubber ducky back. Nathna: You've got to put down the ducky if you want to play the saxaphone. Htomas: Can't... take... ran..dom..ness. (faints) Betr: Hey Ernei, I can't find your-- Hey what's with our names? Samule: I don't know Bert, this place is weird.  Let's go play some Badminton. Betr: Ok. Sopiha: I've got winner.  Meanwhile, somewhere in the Congo. Lara: What a book tour this has been.  The best thing I can say for it is that I snagged the short guy's rubber ducky.  Hey look, a superball.   Yar! This Be a Superball!     ~.... what's that guy's name, anyway? 
    


	 
      Nathan:  This is going to be the best convorsation ever!  It's so random I gave it a totally random title! Hitler: La La la la la la la *frolick*  Nathan: Quiet, you! Jonah: Machiavellian Macaroni and Cheese! Nathan: Huh? Marten: He's always saying random stuff like that, but it's not nearly as random as my signature lines. Laurence Fishburne: I beg to differ! Marten:  Quiet, you! Michael: I'm more random.  I quote "The West Wing" for no apparent reason. Thomas: Thomas is random. Nathan: Thomas, talking in the third person just isn't hip anymore Micheal: Like you are, ghetto boy!  And why is my name spelled like that. Erin: Because it's his conversation and he can spell it however he wants, Mykelll. Oooh, Penguins! Miecell: That doesn't mean you can! And penguins aren't random anymore! Sophia: Actually, there are real penguins here. Penguins: Sophia, you're so sexy.  Come be our queen. Erin: No fair! I wanna be penguin queen! Lara: Just popping in for my token appearance. Hitler: Dance with me! Lara: No! Sophia: I am the penguin queen.  Fear Me. Nathan (ala Sam Eagle of the Muppets): YOU ARE ALL.... WEIRDOS! Michelle: Shut up, Comstock boy!  Yeah, I edited that post like 6 times.  You gotta problem with that?
    


	 
      Little problem with that conversation, Micheal.  It should read:  Thomas: We need less girls Nathan: FEWER!  We need FEWER girls!  Girls are not a quantity! (attacks Thomas with Shovel) Yar! This Be a Superball!     ~.... what's that guy's name, anyway?
    


	 
      ((lol, Mexicans having conversations...this is the genius of my band.  yes!))  Sophia:  I'm so sexy.  Bow to my sexiness. Nathan:  ::bowing:: My Master, how may I be of service?  Let me kiss those beautifully sculpted feet of yours. Marten:  Oh come on, her feet aren't that sexy.   Michael:  I hate drama. Erin:  Shut up, Michael, drama is the best of all.  Oooh...penguins! Michael:  What kind of penguins?!  Where?! Lara:  I've disappeared from the face of the earth.  buzz crackle crackle. Mr. Hall:  You can't say it's this big, you have to say it's THIS BIG! Sophia:  ::attacking him with Larry's shovel::  DIE!!!!! Thomas:  I'm still missing my leg, Mr. Hall!!!   there I go.  ha.
    


	 
      Marten: Well, I guess I otta do one of those convorsation thingies Michael: Of all the dumb ways to start a conversation! Get out. Now. Erin:Shut up Michael.  Its better than something about Rob Lowe, or shoe shopping. I hate shoes. There coarse and irritating Jonah: Its they're, not there.  Your saying They Are. Mrs. Guthrie: Shush grammar boy, thats my job.  And you did the same thing with Your. Its You're. You are a loser! nyeh! Sophia: Hi Mrs. Guthrie! I wish we could have you again instead of Mr. Hall. I hate him. He's a megasuperdooper poop head. mleh. Thomas:Death to Mr. Hall. He bit off my leg. Mr. Hall(in creepy  stargate alien voice): SCHNARL! I am SATAN INCARNATE! Jump through my flaming hoops of HELL If you wish to stay in Lyceum! HAHAHA!  Lara: Ha. Flaming Prince. Im going to ace is class. blah blah blah he comes to my locker sometimes blah blah jon blah blah isnt he cute? Im going to marry him blah. Jonah: you ran out of room! how could you do this before my part in your stupid convorsation? 3 people we dont know is too much. Orson Scott Card: I am the third. Ha! read my books.  Yar! This Be a Superball!     ~.... what's that guy's name, anyway?
    


	 
      AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRGGGGGGGGGGHH HHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! !!!!!!!  You know that CD I've been complaining about.  The one I ordered from Amazon three times, that I first ordered at the beginning of September?  Well, guess what they just sent me?  The vocal libretto book.  Apparently I accidently ordered that instead last time I reordered the CD.  ERRRRRRRRRR!  God's Bread it makes me mad!  My fingers itch! Yar! This Be a Superball!     ~.... what's that guy's name, anyway?
    


	 
      Math sucks.  I've just figured out that if it weren't for math, my GPa would be a 3.6 something.  I'm getting a D in Allgebra II now.  I've never gotten a D on a report card and all be damned if I'm gonna start now. Well, the play is over.  Sasha and I broke up, and I don't really care.  It's hard to say which one of us ended it.   I don't know what Randall's problem is.  He was cast as Lord Montague and Lord Capulets understudy, but Capulet quit.  We worked with him on his diction, but when he got out there it all disappeared.  Jazz show Friday.  Come see it.  I have a duet with Heather Haywood.  It will be fun.  Hip street's performing too, and so is the Jazz band.  Oh, and there's swing dancing.  And jazz.  Lot's of Jazz.  Have I mentioned Jazz?  Unfortunately, I already used All That Jazz. One of my IYC/Speech friends(Amanda, Soph, if you want to know) saw Levi's duo and asked me about the "cute guy with the goatee".  That cracks me up. That last post had a title.  I don't know what happened to it.  Plus my title scheme is way harder than any of yours, so cut me some slack. Michael, as much as I enjoy your posts, you're making way too many.  Try not to post three in a row. Marten, even if we'd had a tech crew, we wouldn't have had backdrops.  Mrs. Means thinks they're tacky. Jonah, I think more profession's should do that.  I'm going to make a movie about Janitors who fight evil blobs of Dirt. Yar! This Be a Superball!     ~.... what's that guy's name, anyway?   No it's not. it's Larry.
    


	 
      What on earth are you talking about Jonah!?!!!  About your last message?!  And I think that you should make one of your movies be  "Indiana Jonah and the Raiders of Nathan's Ark" so you can include your brother.  hahahahahaa.  We need more archeologists...let them think that all of them are incredibly hot and that the work is interesting...we might learn something!    And I never said I wrote the Mr. T comparison!!!  I agreed with Marten!  Hmmm.  Not sure yet about the JournalCon yet.  Ya'll are still pretty strange.  Do I have to do a conversation?  Cuz it's gonna be super dooper pooper scooper random if I do.  So mleh. Yar! This Be a Superball!     ~.... what's that guy's name, anyway?
    


	 
      Creepy.  I could hear Mrs. Horrigan's voice in that convorsation.  Jomah, I did do the Mr. T comparison. Those points belong to me.  You have no settings tab because you lack administrative power.  You need to level up before you can purchase that skill.  Why do you need it, anyway? Michael's only got it because its complicated to teach me how to make links over aim.  I'm making one of my next two posts my unofficial tenth post.  The other one will have my convorsation.    Yar! This Be a Superball!     ~.... what's that guy's name, anyway?
    


	 
      Micheal, what did Laurence say about textual montages? Anyway, these convorsations intrigue me.  Are they a Michael thing, or are we allowed to try our hand? Cause it could be fun...  Anyway, I've decided to make a series of movies: Indiana Jonah and the Raiders of Noah's Ark Indiana Jonah and the Temple of DOOMHOUSE and Indiana Jonah and the Second-to-Last Crusade We should do one for XL.    Speaking of which, the media has desensitized the public to the boringness of archeology.  Tomb Raider teaches us that it's a feild full of incredibly sexy women and fighting bad guys.  Indiana Jones teaches us that it's exciting and dangerous.  Stargate teaches us that every artifact you find is a piece of still working alien technology.  This is what young people entering the field expect to find.  What do they do when they find it's mostly just digging up odd-shaped rocks and guessing what they used to be?  I think someone needs to make a film and/or video game about real archeology. As far as my title today goes, it's a line from Moby Dick the musical, unless the line is actually "My men may call it madness." Either way, this one works for me. And Now MttO6 Michael: Either date works for me, I think.  Also, it's Sluggy Freelance Marten: I have no settings tab.  Find out why. Thomas: Congrats on GrandNats. Nate: Good work on the play. Erin: Ooh, it is a penguin Soph: You still haven't answer my last message! Also, the Mr. T comparison was very funny.  You get points.  Yar! This Be a Superball! \/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\;O ~.... what's that guy's name, anyway?--> O+ It's Bob
    


	 
      Hey guys!  Fixed my name so ya'll could figure it out.  lol.  Okay, I feel  kinda  bad about saying this, but,   ROMEO AND JULIET WAS THE FUNNIEST PLAY I'VE SEEN IN MY ENTIRE LIFE!!!  Watching Daniel Day as Mercutio...oh my goodness, I had no idea that he was supposed to be so flamboyantly gay!  I'm glad Daniel brought it to my attention.    Nathan, you were really funny as the old man!  Never really figured out who you were supposed to be...but you cracked me up nonetheless!  And as Friar Lawrence, you were great.  I'm really proud that you could memorize those lines...lol I have enough trouble memorizing NORMAL English, let alone OLDE ENGLISH!  Haha, Lord Capulet was the funniest.  Whenever he'd talk...I'd lean over to Kelly and be like..."Did you understand anything he just said?"  And she'd be like, "I have no idea."  lol cuz it sounded like all he was saying ::add lots of dramatic inflections, yet still sounding like a drill sargeant:: "blebleblehblehblehblehbleh."  I really thought he should be a drill sargeant...he'd be good at that.  Shoot, is it spelled sergeant?  I'm confused.  And completely exhausted.  OOOOOOOO GUESS WHO PLACED IN BOTH HER SPEECH ROUNDS TODAY!!!!  I bet you'll NEVER EVER IN A MILLION YEARS GUESS!!!!!!!  Well, actually, Nathan will...cuz he was there...yay speech!  So I'll just tell you.  ME!!!  I PLACED 10TH IN PROSE AND 4TH IN OI!!! WOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!  Okay, that's enough excitement for this issue of Sofa's insane slap-happy hour, please stay tuned for the next episode!
    


	 
      A...buh? I'm confused. Oh, well. Ooh... penguin!  Yar! This Be a Superball!     ~.... what's that guy's name, anyway?
    


	 
      I would rather like to know what happened to the titles there.  Technical difficulty? Its just those two.    Michael, you would have enjoyed Romeo and Julliett one way or another.  Daniel Day was incredible as Mercutio.  Everything else was fun to make fun of. No offense to nate, mostly it was the tech that made me laugh, and lord capulet's porky-like speech.  And at one point he reminded me of Mr. T.   i pitty the foo who dont marry paris on thursday   As for JournalCon, either date is fine for me, unless one of them is the Chicago trip with Thomas.  I dont like lemon poppyseed.  I demand blueberry.  I think we should watch old batman movies with Adam West.  It makes me laugh.   Erin:  Nicole is an alias.  That's Sophia.  Yar! This Be a Superball!     ~.... what's that guy's name, anyway? 
    


	 
      Does Michael not know she's in the blog?  Is she not in it anymore?  Am I in a parallel realitly where she no longer exists? (Come to think of it, I didn't see her after the play with the rest of the Dollingers.)  If the latter is the case, and you all say "Lara Who!?!" then the answer is "Never mind, she doesn't exist here." Anyway, We made Grand Nats Semis.  Unfortunately, we have the first draw and must be at school at 5:00, so I think I'm going to bed.  A few select messages tonight, with no bolding. Soph: Michael's already the funniest, so soon after the extravaganza!?! Jeez! Michael:  Thomas has the best title scheme ever.  Don't be dissin it. Thomas: When you're living in a DOOM HOUSE at the end of the millenium, You're what you own.  Discuss.  Yar! This Be a Superball!... Or Be it!?!?     ~.... what's that guy's name, anyway?... Or Is It? Dum dum dum
    


	 
      That quote from Wyrd Sisters in honor of Romeo and Juliet, which I am going to see tonight. Break a leg. Nate, I look forward to seeing you in tights. (I think it's possible that I have seen too many of my male friends in tights, what with Marten in the talent show last year and Levi's Cpt. Character.) But geez-- you were home at 8:47? That's not a proper Hell Week! I want to borrow My Ishmael when you're done if I may. Nicole- yes, I will never forget me dancing in my slip and make-up to Chicago in the dressing room, either. :) That was probably one of my favorite parts of the whole play because, well, how often do we get to do that in real life? hehe... Next week I'm going to figure out the deal with my title scheme. Be patient with me till then.  In other news, I got a college application turned in this week! Go me! Yar! This Be a Superball!     ~.... what's that guy's name, anyway?
    


	 
      It's true, Nathan.  The grass is always greener on the other side ::insert witty quip here::.  I'm too lazy to think of a worthy witty quip, so you get to do it yourselves.  Yay.  If I misspell stuff, it's because I can't see because I'm not wearing my glasses, so you are forewarned.  Or maybe I'm just too lazy to press backspace.  Anyways...don'e really know what I was going to say now that I've gotten this far.    Michael, you are the funniest person on this blog.  I really enjoy your posts.  Haha!  ::insert witty signature here::
    


	 
      Great example of the grass being greener on the other side:  When I couldn't get a girlfriend, it was like my one goal in life.  Now that I have one, I really want to not have one.  Or have one who I actually see on a regular basis.  Unfortunately, I can't bare to have her mad at me during the show, so I have to wait on that.    Michael, at least you do improv.  Mrs. Britton hates it.  She won't do any, at all.  And choosing your own monologue isn't all it's cracked up to be, especially since the character has to be close to our own age and the same sex.  I'm doing Peter Wiggin from Ender's Game, btw.  I like being sadistic and manipulative. Yar! This Be a Superball!     ~.... what's that guy's name, anyway?
    


	 
      Grand Nationals tomorrow and Saturday! Hurray! Welcome to the blog Michael i like your posts   -You're living in a DOOM HOUSE!!!
    


	 
      Well, it's the aptly named Hell week.  Having a girlfriend their made it a little better, but she's gotten kind of weird lately and she flirts with Daniel too much.  My time on stage is too scattered.  I don't have long blocks of time offstage.  The good thing is I only have to wear tights for two scenes.  They're not comfy. On a totally different note, I highly encourage you to read  Ishmael  by Daniel Quinn.  I cannot stress enough how important I think it is that everyone read this book.  I'm working on the sequel (parallel novel) and it's not bad, but the first is just overwhelming, and totally defies description.  Read it, then you'll know why.  That'll also explain what the title of this post means.  Yar! This Be a Superball!     ~.... what's that guy's name, anyway?
    


	 
      Michael!  You could've just told me it was Morpheus!  That IS Morpheus...right?  I think?  lol shoot...now I'm not sure.  dangit! Yar! This Be a Superball!     ~.... what's that guy's name, anyway?
    


	 
      I don't really forget; wouldn't YOU all want to listen to a band with this title?!  I know I sure would!    Michael -Oh my goodness, boy, you are really funny.  I just thought you were a weirdo before...now I realize that you're a FUNNY weirdo!  WELCOME TO THE CLUB!!!  (the funny weirdo club and the blog club)  ooh, do you wanna know what would be so cool?!  If we started a club at school for all the people in this blog (cept the Comstocks, of course, unless they want to get bussed over from LN during random SRTs).  I don't know what we'd do exactly...but it'd still be fun!   Erin -lol I will never forget you dancing in your slip and make-up in the dresing room to that exact song (Chicago-title-entry).  And I super-hate days where I would be perfectly content dropping dead.  Marten -You're worried about me "going out" with Larry?  Lol, the "quotes" are because I still think the phrase "going out" belongs back in 6th grade...but whatever.  lol, well, who's to say I didn't start coming to the scene shop to chill with you and Katy and Lauren and such?  It might not have been because I'm "dating" Larry.  (lol, trying to find a word that works for us)  Unfortunately, that is part of the reason why I did end up hanging out there...but I really like it!  You guys are pretty cool!  And what the heck is with this pessimistic foreshadowing?  lol...well...maybe not foreshadowing...but you get my idea.    Nathan -Don't worry about the eating contest...I'm in a beauty pageant in my diary on TOD.  lol, so you're definitely not the most far gone of us all.  :D  hmmm...trying to think of a good signature.  Not working!
    


	 
      Hello, Michael. You know, in real life I'm not as "bitchy" as you seem to think May is... Welcome aboard. Yar! This Be a Superball!     ~.... what's that guy's name, anyway?
    


	 
      Blast you Erin! 1 minute and 9 seconds.  That was all it took for you to get between my posts! I thought i'd have 2 in a row  Yar! This Be a Superball!     ~.... what's that guy's name, anyway?
    


	 
      ladida. I felt like posting today. Not sure what about, but o well.  Im administrator, I will do as I please.   What exactly is butterfinger?  I mean, I know its a candy bar, but from what does it derive its name? It doesnt taste like butter, or peanut butter.  o well. I might use this title again when this post is archived but other wise forgotten. No one will ever know.  Yar! This Be a Superball!     ~.... what's that guy's name, anyway?
    


	 
      Yay! Chicago quote! Well, I'm in a much better mood today, folks. Yesterday even Ewoks didn't make me happy. I'm trying to get my friend Marggy to stop hating Anakin Skywalker, so I'm chronicling the transition from Jake Lloyd to James Earl Jones, as it were. It's interesting. And now, a new feature: Erin's fanfiction recommendation of the week. You may never read it or even care, but I do. I recommend "The Winds of Change," a Star Wars fanfic by geo3 on fanfiction.net. It's 38 chapters long now, and very, very good. Yar! This Be a Superball!     ~.... what's that guy's name, anyway?
    


	 
      But woulnd it be funny if you did?  I saw you rapping in my head. You had a gold watch and everything. Bling, whatever. Which reminds me, Michael has just recently been made aware of my use of british slang, and has coined the term Blang. I found this hilarious.  Michael is funny. shout out to Michael.  Jonah should spell his name right.  Jonah, with your jubilation and your Konversions, one would think you'd have updated your toaster stories. Am I going to have to finish that for you? Your gonna lose readers.  So Sophia is with Larry now? That would explain you showing up in the scene shop.  I thought it was random coincidence.  How come you didn't tell me? I didn't find out till you were talking to Katie in Physiology,   Oh well.  Still happy. Still worried about it. I feel like a content Arthur Dent, or Rincewind. SOmething is bound to go horribly wrong.  Yar, This Be a Super Ball!     ~.... what's that guy's name, anyway? 
    


	 
      Ever find yourself doing something you find really deplorable in other people?  Yep, I was in an eating contest.  At three and a half plates, I was tied for the second to lowest place, but it was still exciting.  Golden Corral's the best place for it too.  After that we went to Liz's and played Malarky, which I did slightly better at. I've graduated from Leprachaun to Ewok.  Come on Friday, you'll see what I mean.  (Especially if you saw Wizard of Oz). Oh, and new stuff at my other blog, if you want to know. SQ(u)EE!
    


	 
      I would never rap.  I don't care if you think I should get my own title scheme.  My life sucks. Sorry for the negativity. It won't always be like this. SQ(u)EE!
    


	 
      lol...try saying that 20 billion times fast!!!!  HAHAHAHAHAHA!  SOFA WINS!!!! Who the heck is Laurence Fishburn ANYWAY?! SQ(u)EE!
    


	 
       Knote: Bekause of the alphabetikal kontinuity of this entry, kreative spellings are konstantly kalled upon  Wow.  I expected more komplaints.  Thomas, Soph, and Marten liked it, Lara didn't komplain, and I don't even know if Erin read it.  I'm still the center of attention, so I'm happy.  However, just for fun, a list of komplaints I half expected to recieve.  I reached ten posts a long time ago and I didn't get a Jubilee! Jubilee is a 25th anniversary anyway. Those are elephants!?! (Okay so I did get that) I never said/sung/rapped that! I would never rap, period. I got shafted because my speech was 90% static! When did Lara write a book? Like you know Laurence Fishburne. Ha! Diddo for J-Lo. and, last but not least, Laurence didn't say "Sip Responsibly" once!  Luckily you didn't komplain so I don't have to answer those.  Anyway, great fun all around and now back to regularly scheduled entries.  And Now Mfto7 (Yep, it says 7)  Marten:   I assume the "most" in "most of that is pretty klose to what would happen if Laurence Fishburne interviewed us" refers to the rap.  Soph:   I think you write your poetry better than I do.  Nathan:  It's more a live elephant  koncept.   Thomas:  It wasn't really that random.  You knew it was koming.  Lara:  You have to make the celebration yourself, y'know.  It ain't easy. And the doomspork is used to eat souls.  Erin:  Welcome to the blog.  Good job on the play.  I don't think you should share title schemes, get your own ASAP:)  Laurence:  Thanks for hosting the show buddy, I owe you one. SKWEE!
    


	 
      Sigh. I am depressed because the play is over and I miss May and everybody. (Yeah, they're not real. So bite me.) And there has been a ridiculous stress explosion in my life. Ewok, ewok, ewok...  SQ(u)EE!
    


	 
      If you get a tenth post celebration then I want an 11th post celebration. or maybe a first post from school party or something. Bell ringing. Bye! SQ(u)EE!
    


	 
      wow.  It's funny because most of that is pretty close to what would happen if Laurence Fishburne interviewed us for Jonah's post.   SQ(u)EE!
    


	 
      There's not much else to say.  You're really weird.  Are those supposed to be elephants?  I could make a better text elephant with my eyes closed.   _ ___ _ (  ( * *)  )  \_\    /_/      !=!      !_!   To be fair, my eyes were opened, but still, you could have put a little more thought into it. SQ(u)EE!  Never mind.  Stupid Blogger.  WHy can't you let me keep my spaces?
    


	 
      Wow.  Jonah...that was...wow.  Erin's rap was the best, I must say.  lol my poem was pretty cool, too.  Yeah baby.  lol...happy J post! SQ(u)EE!
    


	 
      Wow Jonah just wow... That surpasses Thomas random by a long shot. Got 3rd at Indy Regional beating Avon Huzzah! Life is hard on the homework front, so not much posting for Thomas. Yay halfday tuesday=Chinese food. DOOM HOUSE! SQ(u)EE!
    


	 
      Celebrating 10 posts of Jonah! (Hosted by Laurence Fishburne!)  AD= AD= AD= AD= ADs AD= AD= AD= AD= AD= AD= AD= ADs AD= AD= AD= AD= ^A line of live elephants, because any good celebration has live elephants.   Laurence Fishburne:  Hi, I'm Laurence Fishburne, and welcome to Jonah's Jovial, Jocular J-post Jubilee.  I've been reading Jonah's posts since he began them a little less then a month ago, and they have had a profound influence on me.  I spend so much time reading that blog, that I only did one take of each of the scenes in Matrix Revolutions.  That's why it was so bad.  Keanu Reeves: Also, I can't act!  Laurence Fishburne:   Anyway, that's why I decided to host this special.  And Now, a montage of the best moments of Jonah's fabulous posts.  So I'm joining another blog. Don't expect to hear much from me./For whom are we writing this anyway? For each other, for ourselves, or for a theoretical audience?/ I just realized that I am really, really sexy. Like, I-wanna-rip-his-clothes-off-right-this-instant sexy. I am too sexy for my shirt, and for that matter my shoes, socks and pants. I'm so hot, I could melt number 7 plastic./Thomas: Maybe you're name scheme could be that all your entries are called Welcome to Fred. It'd be funny./I was kinda kidding, but whatever./Fighting makes me sad/The moral of this post: Don't volunteer to do two stories in one weekend if you also have a page to design and the paper gets sent to press Tuesday!/But we were winners anyway, because we drink milk. In other news I'm wearing a birthday hat. Yay!/Huzzah! Doom Sporks for everyone!    Laurence Fishburne:  I guess Montages work better with something other than text! Next, Blog founder Marten Dollinger will say a few words.  Marten:  Nice work and stuff, I guess.  Laurence Fishburne:  And now, a musical presentation by fellow blogger Thomas, and his band The Fanny Pack Five.   Thomas:  (to the tune of a certian Weezer song.) His name is Jonah, he writes really good posts! He's not from Barcelona, but he makes a mean slice of toast! Come sit next to him, Pour yourself some Slim- Fast, like Granma made when you were on a diet Things were better then, you couldn't eat chicken, You gave up that trend when you didn't lose weight.  This song is not going as planned, The lyrics suck and should be banned, The rhyming is bad when it exists at all, The resemblence to the original is small, The audience is standing up and leaving, The audience is standing up and leaving, The audience is standing up and gone, Yeah they're gone! (Really cool guitar riffs.)   Laurence Fishburne:  Well, now that the audience is gone, it's time for Jonah's brother Nathan to say a few words. (That didn't come out right.)  Nathan:  Jonah's posts have been a true inspiration to me.  A few weeks ago, I was planning to develop an addiction to cough syrup or toad licking, because I couldn't take this cruel world anymore.  Then, I got on the blog and read those beautiful words, "Interesting fact about Christen Neary: Her older brother, Stephen Neary aka Parrot Boy, also drew the giant sandwhich which until recently adorned Levi's wall."  Suddenly, it made sense how wonderful this world is.  I've been a staunch supporter ever since!  Laurence Fishburne:  Thanks Nate! Now a poem from blogger Sophia.  Sophia  Thanks Laurence.  This is a poem I wrote for Jonah.  It's called Ode to Jonah.  Jonah is cool, Jonah is neat. If he were a food group, he would be meat. Jonah is sexy, Jonah is cute. He melts number 7 plastic fruit. Jonah writes losts of nifty posts, and according to Thomas makes good toast. Life without Jonah would be sad indeed, Like a yard all full of weeds.   Laurence Fishburne:  (crying) That was beautiful. Now a word from Jennifer Lopez.  J-Lo:  I don't know this Jonah guy, but I want to talk about what the letter J means to me.  Without J, my name would be Ennifer Lopez.  The shortening would be E-Lo, or possibly just Lo.  Either way, I'm glad Jonah's decided to celebrate this letter.  Laurence Fishburne:  Now blog writer Erin will perform a freesyle rap.  This doesn't sound good.  Erin (dressed in baggy clothes and a backwards cap):   Jonah is neat, he's a pretty swell guy, He's had 10 posts, that's more than nine. He knows Laurence Fishburne, and that's pretty rad, He draws people in like newspaper ad. This rap's pretty lousy, I won't say it's not, But hey, I made it up on the spot. So way to go Jonah, for 6 posts plus 4, Here's to the rest, to 16 more! Word.   Laurence Fishburne:  Now, a word from Micheal Christie, who introduced Jonah to blogging.  Micheal Christie:  Jonah's posts are awful.  Originally, he wrote decent posts but now they're all fluff, randomness and meaningless titles.  Although, it's nothing compared to the new Matrix.  Laurence Fishburne was especially...  Laurence Fishburne:  That's enough of that.  Our final writer, Lara, is in Seattle on a book tour, but she's with us via satellite.  Lara, on staticy screen:  Jonah bzzt crckle doom spork bzzz fizzle elephants zzt bzzizle 700 fizzz brzzle pop bzzz much. So, bzzz crckle fzzble a really good pie. Thanks Laurence.  Laurence Fishburne:  Well there you have it, bzzz crckle a really good pie.  How better to describe Jonah then that.   Until next time, I'm Laurence Fishburne, signing out.
    


	 
      lol...there goes my Spanglesh again!  HI ERIN!  WELCOME TO THE BLOG!  Just wanted to say that.  Oh, and, also, today's show was hilarious...bunch of missed cues and other flubs.  So fun.  lol even though I wasn't watching, I just got to hear about it backstage.  Fun.  anyways...thanks again guys for coming...and, Erin, you kick monkeys! SQ(u)EE!
    


	 
      Well, well. It finally has worked! Erin here, I finally got in this thing, so... here I am. Thanks to those who came to see the play-- it did have some great lines, the definitive one probably being "WHAT??" That's a cast joke... Marten is letting me share his topic of subject lines-- quotes from movies and books. That one is from Monstrous Regiment, the newest Terry Pratchett. And now I have to go, for the stage calls me home in about 45 minutes.  SQ(u)EE!
    


	 
      Hurray for show. Go to Michael's  urlLink blog  for a review.  Lara, everyone knows kroger is on stirke.  We read and or watch the news, or atleast channel one. and joe rants.  
    


	 
      First off, congratulations to Marten and Soph, the show was excellent.  Now none of us will be able to stop quoting from it.  He He ........ 2000 aeroplanes........he he. Overall, I've had a really amazing day, basically the polar opposite of Jonah's. First period a project I wasn't looking forward to presenting got postponed.  Then in choir, I got a solo from an audition I thought I'd bombed(Laura and Heather got the others, by the way).  In Theatre Arts we broke into work groups of four, except mine only contains two, and the other one is a really hot girl who I don't really know.  In Allgebra II, I actually finished the midterm.  I have absolutely no idea how I did on it, but finishing is a one up from the last test I took in that class. Zach Dzuba played Mandolin for us today.  It was very amusing.  He was borrowing it, but he's saving up to buy his own. Lara. Get. Title. Scheme. NOWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  SQ(u)EE! 
    


	 
      lol...huzzah for fanny packs!!!  Anyways...GEEZ LARA...YOU'VE GOT ONE SERIOUS BOYFRIEND!!! OW OW!!  haha.   Anyways...SOPHIA IS IN THE PLAY, TOO!!! lol duh.  You guys saw me with my super-hot lipstick.  yayness.  anyways...sorry for such a stupid post, just needed to comment on the play and Lara's boyfriend.  haha.  middle school love.  so fun. SQ(u)EE!
    


	 
      Its true, they are. I was at my friend's house and her parents were talking about it.   Hurray!! I get a doomspork!....what does it do?  One of my friends actually had a relationship for shorter than that.. It was only for 30 seconds but it was forced so it might not really count to you people. Her parents don't want her to date until after high school either. Which brings me to the fact that I have a boyfriend! No Marten you cannot hit him with your stick. He comes to my locker every morning and he walks me to my bus after school and thats almost the only time I get to see him, but oh well.  SQ(u)EE!
    


	 
      How many day hath past since my last post?   Verily, I say it has been many, for mine post hast passed into the archives like flowers into winter's first snow.   Alas, alas for me, for what shall I say now that I at last post? What news to report?   Random bad things keep happening to me.  Yesterday a saxophone mouthpiece hit me in the head, and I've still got a scab.  Today I threw up for no apparent reason.  I also had a random headache and tripped over a microphone cord somewhere in there.  However, I'm still in surprisingly good spirits, possibly because there is no band practice today.  Also, I'm going to see la obra de teatre de Erin y Marten. (I apologize for the language switch.  When I can't think of an English word I use a spanish one.)  I was thinking about asking a girl to go with me, like on a date, but I probably won't. And now an announcement.  My next post will be my 10th post, and will have a J title.  Since 10 is a milestone and J is the best letter in all the alphabet, it shall have to be an excellent extravaganza of a post.   urlLink An amusing comic.(The beginning may not make much sense, but it's the last panel that's funny.)  Instead of my normal ending section, I'll conclude with this.    Huzzah! Doom Sporks for everyone!  
    


	 
      that venting is fine. It was detailed information of a love life i could write plays about, not needless gossip. clap for nate! mourn for nate! find nate a date!  SQ(u)EE!
    


	 
      Well, in the time since my last post I've had my first girlfriend, my first break-up, and the worlds shortest relationship in general.  I was Sasha's first boyfriend too and apparently, her parents don't want her to date until she's out of high school.  Stupid overprotective asian parents.  So my first relationship lasts a day and odd hours.  Wonderful. And I left the stupid Etymology project at school somewher and I have no idea where. I know you don't want to hear about my love life, but I need to vent to someone.  I hope you don't mind to much. SQ(u)EE!
    


	 
      (I can still post!!) =^.^= Should I look in the phone book for chiropracters or just have Famous Chiropracters as my title all the time? Marten: You forget a lot don't you..and why wouldn't I make a good minion?! I am very..umm.. miniony..? Minionish...?...I bet you just dont't want me telling mom about what you talk about to your friends. Whoever said all my posts were supposed to be funny...I'll cry if I get kicked off... Jonah: I want a spork of doom too. Sophia: Kubble Bubbles is a funny kitty! I wuvvles him so much! SQ(u)EE!
    


	 
      Erin does so look like renee zelwegger! After all the people Ive pointed this out to, you're the first to disagree.  7 to 1. no points for nate. Just look at the squinty eyes, the slightly flatness of chest, and the wave in the hair!  SQ(u)EE!
    


	 
      OOOH!  I remember that now.  okay.  lol.  I'm listening to Ben Folds...omg, he is sooo the best singer ever.  I love him so much.  Just thought you all needed to know.  If you care, his song, "The Luckiest" is the most romantic song I've ever heard in my life.  woooooooooo. SQ(u)EE!
    


	 
      Romeo and Juliet is officially screwed.  I called for line eight times in the last scene today, six of them on the same monologue.  I'm sure you guys are having hell of it to though.  ABout eight of us are coming out to see you. I have mixed feelings about the crazy hot girl whose been all over me lately.  On the one hand, she's hot and she's all over me.  On the other hand, this is such a sudden change I fear she may be using me for something.  Oh well.  I'm still enjoying the hell out of it. I can't wait to see Camp! Ok, umm, Erin looks nothing like Renee Zwelleger, but it's really funny to imagine her doing those songs.  Deanna was apparently mistaken when she told me Bob Barker was dead; in fact the man who had previously hosted The Price is Right before him passed away.  Soph, it was right before you left, and you gave me a weird look and said, "okay...."  SQ(u)EE!
    


	 
      lol, Marten, your cat sounds so funny.  ((I almost said "yummy" there...yikes!))  Anyways...Nathan...lol I didn't even know you tried to kiss me.  I was totally not paying attention.  Not sure if that's a good thing or bad thing...but whatever.    GOOD LUCK WITH HELL WEEK, MARTEN!  I hope everything goes well and you don't bite my head off in Stage Tech anymore.    SQ(u)EE!
    


	 
      Whims...yes, whims you get... Ubernifty speechifier... is that a william elhardt term? sorry will, i never spell your last name right.  Hey, I can write my speech now! I know what I'm doing! Yippeee!    I saw Chicago finally, repeat said exclamation. Does Erin Chandler not have a striking resemblance to Renee Zelwegger? Seriously, dye her hair blonde and make her less timid, and she looks just like her.  dumb cat...chasing his tail again....   SQ(u)EE!
    


	 
      Why weren't any of you at speech? It was really fun, even if I did only get 4 1/2 hours of sleep.  I chickened out of talking to Christen and only exchanged a few pleasantries with her brother.  Technically, we were competing in different catagories but I think we got the same number of sweeps points, since LN is really slipping and LC is on the rise.  Oh, plus I got my bronze seal, which signifies my status as ubernifty speechifier.    On the halloween party:  I'm  really  tired.  It was great to see Hannah again, though.  Sorry I tried to kiss you, Soph, it's one of those sudden whims I get.  Who was that Andrew guy?  Does he go to LN or LC?  I've never seen him before in my life. I ate too much.  I'm going back to bed. SQ(u)EE!
    


	 
      Were you gone because you fell down the chimney and landed on a flaming goose?  And you lack the welcome to fred title  I fell down the chimney onto a flaming goose!
    


	 
      Merry Christmas to all! And all a good night! My triumphant return has happened. I have returned. I am no longer absent. I am here now. Now is the time to enstate the contest. Who can guess why i was absent for so long? There is really a good reason. Whoever guesses the closest to my reason at the designated time, will receive an all-expenses-paid brand new cookie! Have fun everybody! I fell down the chimney onto a flaming goose!
    


	 
      Alternate ending to a Christmas Carol:  Scrooge: You there! Boy! What day is it?  Boy: Why, Its December 24th! Scrooge:... then there's still time to change!...Eh, Maybe tomorrow  Scrooge:You there! Boy! What day is it? boy:Its the 26th of december!  Scrooge: Oh shit... overslept... damn ghosts..  Scrooge:Oy what a night.. Boy! Now what day is it? different boy: Who, me? Scrooge: Yes! what day is it? boy: why, it would be the day after yesterday of course! Scrooge: And that is? boy: Yesterday? It was a Tuesday I think.  Scrooge: Making today?... boy: Well, wednesday, sir! Scrooge: No, I mean, the date! boy: date? thats a small fruit that's grown in sub-tropical climates, but what does that have to do with anything? Scrooge: Bah! Humbug! you idiots aren't worth a lifestyle change!                          END!  I fell down the chimney onto a flaming goose!
    


	 
      Now it's my turn to say Merry Christmas, Life Day, Hogswatch, or whatever you celebrate. My dad's family is over at my house right now. That's eleven cousins, ladies and gentlemen, plus aunts and uncles. Fun! I almost got to see LOTR yesterday, but at the last minute, I didn't. So I'm probably seeing it next week. Marten-- other things that smell bad, if you're still thinking of doing that parody: we had wookiees and Governor Tarkin, but there's also A Tauntaun and The Inside of a Tauntaun. Enjoy yourself, everybody! That's about all I have to say. I fell down the chimney onto a flaming goose!
    


	 
      Nurr.  Sorry about the stupid title.  Too lazy to think of a good one.  Merry Christmas Eve everyone...hopefully you will have a completely uneventful Christmas.  :D   I guess I don't have as much to say as I thought.  Oh well.  Oh, and, Marten, I already do see a psychologist...actually, he's a psychiatrist, so I get meds, too!  Yay!    lol, Nathan, your little silly-thing at the end was the super-greatest.  I love it.  Yay!  Yay!
    


	 
      Merry Christmas or secular holiday of your choice, everyone! Sorry I haven't posted lately, but you wouldn't believe how busy I've been.  Actually you probably would, but I don't feel like telling you all of it.   Last night we watched  The Pajama Game .  Ugh... I'm not sure I even  want  to try out now.  And, just like in  Oklahoma! , the two best songs were left out of the movie, while plenty of awful and/or pointless ones were left in.  Why can't our school do a good musical for once? It doesn't feel like Christmas eve, namely because I've been to busy with totally non-Christmas-related things to be anticipating it all that much.  I haven't finished you guys's Christmas presents yet, either, so don't expect to get them any time near Christmas.  Sorry. In other news,  Return of The King  ruled!  Can't wait for the four and a half hour extended edition.  Or five.  I hope it's five. In other, other news, Charles Dickens'  A Christmas Carol  rules!  Like a bad lobster!  Well, rotate my vertices and call me a trapezoid!
    


	 
      Ha! A christmas title with only Ws! I've still got it! (X is Next, I may have to cheat) Anyways, Merry Christmas Eve and happy Winter Holiday to you non Christians.  (If we have any; I don't think we do)  I had a very weird dream last night.  I became a techie for a scuba-cheerleading squad who traveled around the country in a van.  They ended up switching to regular cheerleading and then acting because times evidentally got tough.  Then, we were stopped in my hometown and I was taking a walk when I saw my dad at a magazine stand that said Comstock & Comstock & Comstock: Booksellers, Arcade Games, & Fun.  I was all like "You started a business without me?" and we was like "Well, you had to run off and join the cheerleading squad."  So I said, "Well, why Comstock & Comstock & Comstock instead of Comstock & Sons?" and he replied, "Well, If you'd been here you might have had a say in the naming process.  That's about all I remember. Lord of the Rings was awesome.  Particularly the Oliphants.  Btw, Trebuchets are in this season, so buy one for your loved ones today.  What better way to say I love you than a giant slingshot that shoots fire? Oh, also I have a girlfriend now, which marks the first time Nathan and I have both had girlfriends simultaneously.  I don't think any of you know her, because she's a Craig person.  For my new section, I have self referencing paper of the day, which is urlLink  "This Is the Title of This Story, Which Is Also Found Several Times in the Story Itself"  also, I encourage you to read "Self Reference, which is linked to at the bottom of "This is the Title"  I fell down the chimney onto a flaming goose! 
    


	 
      Read the Review/Update. And the continuing convorsation.
    


	 
      Sophia, I think you have a problem with the fact that nobody would mind.  I think you should see a psychologist.  You're too sexy for your mental health MICHAEL! STOP DOUBLE POSTING!  I fell down the chimney onto a flaming goose!
    


	 
      She's Back. Read the daily updates  Wacky is filling your car's gas tank with 3-octane gasoline. Absurd is filling your car's tank with a ferret.  Angelica: I'm playing the most dangerois game of all. Chuckie: Musical Chairs? -Rugrats
    


	 
      She's Back. Read the daily updates  Wacky is filling your car's gas tank with 3-octane gasoline. Absurd is filling your car's tank with a ferret.  Angelica: I'm playing the most dangerois game of all. Chuckie: Musical Chairs? -Rugrats
    


	 
      Mleh to you, Michael.  I'll say what I say and do what I do.  Word.  lol just kidding.  Sorry, just posted a ghetto Christmas poem on my diary and the ghetto-ness is contageous.  Just wanted to wish everyone happy (insert holiday here)!  I hope everyone has  a good holiday and a good break.    You guys' phobias are silly.  I'm slightly arachnaphobic and claustrophobic...but not to the point of whatever.  I suppose I am a little afraid of going into the guys' bathroom, but I think that's just funny cuz it's not like they'd mind if there was a girl in their bathroom, right?  Oh, and, Marten, I hate that feeling...that your fly is unzipped...I always triple check before leaving the bathroom, just to make sure that I'm not showing everyone my pink polka-dotted underwear.  Not that they'd mind.  Again.  oh well.  bye.    Wacky is filling your car's gas tank with 3-octane gasoline. Absurd is filling your car's tank with a ferret.
    


	 
      I have the same fears about bathrooms, only after I've used it, I have the horrible feeling that I forgot to zip my fly.  On the matter of phones, I'm mostly scared to use them at all.    Wacky is filling your car's gas tank with 3-octane gasoline. Absurd is filling your car's tank with a ferret.
    


	 
      None of my phobias have names.  When you see the giant list of Phobias, it's hard to imagine they left any out , but mine are very obscure. The first one is the irrational fear that I've just walked into the wrong bathroom, characterized by repeatedly poking my head out the door to check the sign and occasionally leaving the stall door slightly open so I can see urinals.  (I realize some of you may not have wanted to know that, but when I'm ranting it's hard to stop) My second and much worse fear is talking to answering machines.  They're horribly misnamed, because they don't answer.  They talk, beep, and then just listen silently.  The worst part is, unlike people, they remember everything they hear perfectly.  Once you've said it, there's no taking it back. So, normally, if I call someone and the answering machine picks up, I hang up immediately in fear.  Sometimes, though, you just have to reach someone.  In these cases I'll leave a message.  I'll start talking, but the silence on the other end makes me uncomfortable, and I start rambling to fill the silence, until I've forgotten what I was gonna say, at which point I start mumbling and hang up.  After I've hung up, I realize how awful it sounds and call back in order to apologize for the first message and say what I need to say, but this doesn't always work as planned either.  So, anyone I call and leave a message for thinks I'm a gibbering idiot, and it's all the fault of those dram answering machines. Anyway, if any of you know or would like to make up names for those, please let me know.  In other news, Tales is updated.  Reply to Michael's e-mail already.  I want to change my links to  urlLink 5-minute Voyager  and  urlLink Triangle and Robert  (I'd forgotten how raunchy PWOT was). And please, please help me think of a new title scheme.  Time is running out!  Wacky is filling your car's gas tank with 3-octane gasoline. Absurd is filling your car's tank with a ferret. (This is from T&R btw)
    


	 
      i was thinking about people of different religions, and people of no religion, and how that relates to me.  I have quite a few friends of different religions, and i thought about free will. We obviously have the right not to believe in God, or Jesus.  Otherwise we wouldn't have free will.  Also, how could people of different religions believe so adamantly in there own as I do in mine if there weren't some truth in it?  In general moral belief, all religions are pretty much the same.  I mean, generally one doesn't hear of actual satan worshiping religions, becasue they'd be out killing everyone including themselves. Of course, if you worshipped satan, you proobably would belive in God and Jesus, you'd just be on the opposite side.  What we do hear about are Extreme Puritans, or terrorists. They aren't always Muslims, they just are currently.  I'm not quite sure where i was going with all this, but its a random thought that hit me.  Discuss.  Wacky is filling your car's gas tank with 3-octane gasoline. Absurd is filling your car's tank with a ferret.
    


	 
      Shoutout to Jonah for being the only one to listen to obvious and simple instructions. And Shoutout to Herman Miller for the new Aeron Chair. Y'all are cool people.  Apparently all of you have fallen and hit your head on something hard.  If you check Compendium today GET! ME! AN! EMAIL! JournalCon shuts down in less than 8 hours. So if I get nothing in my inbox, your done.  It's all over but the bleeding, people  Also (Especially Erin and Sophia) need to read the Daily Updates at What Kind of Day Has It Been. This is my last chance to pimp out my site before departure tomorrow so I'm taking it. GO  urlLink HERE  NOW!  And also add "prolly" , "nurr", "Cya"  and "WoRdS wItH rAnDoM CaPiTaLiZaTiOn" to the Echelon list of words that annoy Michael. Although my pointing that out will probably just make you say them more.  And Marten, the word "subjugate" will forever be dirty in my mind.  And Thomas, Sorry if I appeared dodgy, I thought you wanted one of my Twizzlers. And You would have had to have pried them out of my cold dead hands! And Sophia, I believe the quote is a misinterpretation of one of Maya Angelou's poem. The one where she's got oil wells digging in her back yard. Yeah, that one. (if you were in my 9H English class during the interpretive reading of that poem you saw Taylor Sheridan groping himself. Yeah, I wish I had missed it too.)  Does my sexiness offend you?
    


	 
      You guys! I just got accepted to Hanover College, my number one choice for the college I want to go to!! :) And today in AP Lit Mrs. Grabill read us The Polar Express, one of my favorite story of all time! And it's Break!  And Christmas is soon! Yay!!  Does my sexiness offend you?
    


	 
      I don't want to start a flame war, but Sophia, you're kind of off your game. Take a little break, plan things out, stop using obvious spanish term bands as your title scheme. Take a break over the Christmas holiday. Just the opinion of one man.   Does my sexiness offend you?
    


	 
      I suck at improv. I guarantee the easiest way to get an A in Drama is to be my partner. Because while you may not get an A you will sure do a heck of a lot better than I did.   Bye Lara. Even Nepotism must come to an end.  READ! THE DAILY! UPDATES!  If you aren't interested in JournalCon, the least you could do is E-mail me and tell me that. As of now, Jonah is coming. Just Jonah.   I'm tired, I'm cranky, and my wife's in Argentina, let's get this over with.
    


	 
      lol man, my band names are really sucking.  The past three have been "The Men" "The Women" and this one is "My Brothers".  lol all in Spanish, of course.  They're latino bands.  nurr.   anyways, this should probably have a point, huh?  OH!  BYE LARA!!!!!  Now...what else...today was my first day in stage tech since last monday!  Yay!  not really...but I took the test anyway and I'm positive I passed.  Prolly got an A, knowing me.  I'm such a nerd.  :D  lalalalalalalalalalala.  Oh!  I started making my ChRiStMaS presents today!  YAY!    I really need to stop writing this post, it's irritatingly random and pointless.  So...bye all!  Does my sexiness offend you?
    


	 
      Chris Linday's reading my website again. Waaa! I have changed the address to this. Here is the  urlLink link    Read the Updates! Tomorrow: "Timing and Space"
    


	 
      I post to say goodbye to all you weird bloggy people. *hugs all* I love you! I will ne'er see you again! *weeping sounds*    Oh, well now thats over *wipes nose* I might still read the blog but I wont post much anymore!! Bye!!Toodloo!!  Does my sexiness offend you?
    


	 
      I think that's the right adjective...oh well.  Dude, where is that quote from?  The siggy?  BECAUSE I HAVE HEARD IT BEFORE!!!  omg.  this is going to drive me bonkers.  Anyways, I'm coming to school tomorrow.  I promise.  You'll just have to listen to me cough all day.  lol I guess the only person I'm really talking to right now is Marten since he's the only one who I see regularly throughout the day.  I suppose I do see Erin in the mornings, though, and Thomas sometimes, too.  So I am talking to them as well.  Okay, sorry, I'm gonna go sleep...cya.  Does my sexiness offend you?
    


	 
      Nathan's under stress and is cranky. That's the connection. 1 RSVPs to JournalCon. Sorry that no-one else cares. DAILY! UPDATES! AT! WHAT KIND OF DAY HAS IT BEEN! READ  urlLink HERE! 
    


	 
      HAH! This means crab cakes taste good!  So, I want to girate Sophia's sexy, lascivious toes.  I also have giraffes in my car.  (What is a giraffe's latin dance?)  If you give Thomas corn fritters, he'll bomb Ohio.  Don't.  Universal translators pickle cheesecake.  Smile properly.  If you ever smile improperly, Lord Ted von Ob will be grumpy.  Erin subjugated Wisconsin last Christmas.  Santa Clause was hungry, so Canada provided Lara.  Someone put Laurenec Fishburen's mushroom into someone else's navel.  My Sharona has a naval rank of admiral.  The farmer Michael plays in the dell computers.                                    THE (AARDVARKS REAR) END.   Does my sexiness offend you?
    


	 
      Shoutout to Jonah for being the only person who actually listens to really really simple instructions.  Another Shoutout to Jonah, who is (as if we didn't already know) a really good feature writer.  urlLink These  people said so.   It's the 13th of December! Which means that I will begin daily updates of What Kind of Day Has It Been. Yay! Updates. I probably won't post much at Compendium. Actually it's all touch and go because the laptop, which incidentially is older than I am, may not be able to connect to the internet, thus making it worthless to drag out to California as my Carry On Luggage!  He'll try to tuck and roll, but it won't work because he has square pants.
    


	 
      Pidgey, 1999-2003. May you fly forever through the friendly skies of heaven.  He'll try to tuck and roll, but it won't work because he has square pants
    


	 
       Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha...I write this from a seat of power, for I have admin access and you have none. Ha Ha Ha   Marten: Not For Long, Michael Michael:  Ha! You cannot defeat me! I defeat you!  urlLink You're Fired ! Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha!  Marten: I have been vanquished! No!!!  But seriously people, I want you to look at the Changes at Compendium  Each Blogger Gets Two Personal Links. I have mine down. I guessed on a couple of yours, but e-mail me if you have none or want some or think that I suck.  Comments are fixed so now Ryan can say that I suck. I guess he saw me do my monologue.  I am officially Glark to Marten's Sars. Click on my link to figure that out. Or E-mail me  urlLink here.  
    


	 
      end line thingy suggested by michael.  Good Lord, there's a modem in my shoe!    
    


	 
      Shout-out to the nice lunch lady at LN.  The one in the Taco line, with the accent.  She always brightens my day.  Debate! It's a wonderful thing.  We had one today first period and I crushed the opposition (namely Nathan).  I'm curious, Marten.  Who else reads the blog but doesn't write? (besides Ryan).   In terms of the Thomas situation, anytime you see that he's online, IM him with  Post on the Blog!  every five seconds.  If we all do this, he'll have no choice but to comply.  Do not, however, use the same strategy with me and Corndog. In other news, I'm ditching MMtto??? as a section, and I'm going to add something new.  Right now I'm going with random capitalized comment of the entry.  This one is: ARGLE BLARGLE IS NOT MY CHICKEN'S NAME, SO STOP PUTTING WORDS IN MY SPLEEN! With any luck, they'll get progressively more random. Michael, explain this shoutout to me please. Sophia, good luck with that I guess, and I hope you feel better, too. Marten, nice endy thingy Finally, Why in the Hellenistic era doesn't the blog link to  Tales , yet!?!?  Good Lord, there's a modem in my shoe!
    


	 
      That's kind of what JournalCon is. You celebrate survival and give me tips on how to deal with the heathen monkey. And no, you can't blame everything on Mr. Hall. That's what Mrs. Mohr is for.  Ok, What's next.  Tommy needs to post. Seriously. SERIOUSLY.  Note to everyone. I don't know, I forgot. I probably won't post for a while out of respect for the others in this blog. I'm on hiatus. The lid is on, have a great holiday. Read my daily updates at What Kind of Day Has It Been.   What's Next?
    


	 
      I blame Mr. Hall for everything.  He made me lose debate.  We should have a party at the end of the six weeks when we no longer have to deal with him.  I'm a Thespian!  Thomas is playing games. and hes lazy. and his life is boring. Post something!    Whats the point of calling it a laptop if your not supposed to use it on your lap?
    


	 
      Eww! No one wants to here about your menstration! And Aw. Also I think the word is Ya'll  Also, I hate the Librarian at LC. The one with glasses that's perpetually dressed in barf-green. She's a bitch on wheels. You can read more about her Memorial Day, 2006 in "Graduation Day, Part Two" coming to Michael's blog soon. Or more specifically less than three years.  PS - I am shutting down What Kind of Day Has It Been...Wait for it...Wait for it...Wait for it...25 August 2006. It's a high school blog, and I have signed a three year, $400,000 per entry contract with Blogspot and Blogger. Don't fret, I am allowed unlimited posts at Compendium, until Marten gets bored, and the Comstocks have to start their college applications (and with all their extra-curriculars, to be considered for the 2006-2007 year, they're going to have to start...right now)  Also does anyone wonder why Thomas is perpetually online, yet never posts? I seem him all the time on my buddy list.   
    


	 
       Marten: Maybe I have been different.  I can't tell anymore.  I think that the fact that I'm super pmsing *I know ya'll didn't want to know that, but figured it might explain something*, and suspect that I have the flu might just have put enough stress on me to act like a major bitch.  I don't know.  I'm sorry for doing whatever I did and for having a hard time.  Please forgive me.    Michael: Thanks for standing up for me...I think...lol I didn't really understand what you were doing with that post, but I recognized that you were telling Marten off just as much as you were telling me off.  So thank you.  Nathan: yeah, as you can tell, girls are weird.  We're all weird.  It's just part of our physiology...I'm surprised there isn't a specific gene that makes a specific protein (Woo hoo Mr. Lamishaw's class!) that makes us stranger than you.  Who knows.  But, yeah, it's the whole "I want what I can't have" mindset that's making these chicks *did I just say chicks?!* swoon over you.  and I'm happy that you're happy with Ashley!  :D
    


	 
      Shoutout to JJ Abrams who just gave one of our own bloggers a magnificant shout-out last night on Alias. Congratulations on being the new Will, Jonah.  11 days until cut off people. I may check my e-mail on the twentieth but I may not so get JournalCon RSVPs  IN MY MAILBOX  by December 19th. E-mail is here. E-mail me even if you aren't coming so I'll know that you aren't coming, rather than just thinking that you are ignoring me, which I'm pretty sure most of you are.  TWoP Quote  "Oh, ABC! You and your viewer-discretion advisory. Trying so hard to be all rough and tumble. It's cute. Anyway. We open on a very rainy day, and two FBI agents chasing some other dude through an alley. It's very blue in Richmond, apparently. I'll add that to the list of things cinematography has taught me about geography: thanks to Line Of Fire, I know that Richmond is blue. Thanks to Traffic, I know that Mexico is yellow." Jessica on  Line of Fire 
    


	 
       Michael: This is not just a personal vendetta against one action by Sophia, this is a late reaction to a month of on and off bitchy behavior  Sophia:  I'm sorry if I've offended you, but you really have been different, and I'm not the only person around you that's noticed, but whether this is just a stupid Marten Paranoia thing or not, I'd like to keep it offline.  I'd also appreciate it if you didn't blatantly insult my friends online.  Nate:  um... yeah.... girls are weird. Whats the point of calling it a laptop if your not supposed to use it on your lap?   
    


	 
      I've figured out how my luck with girls works!  It's not that they don't pay any attention to me at all.  It's just that they do it in clumps!  Whenever I commit myself to a relationship, it seems 2 or 3 incredibly attractive girls who never payed me any attention before start hanging all over me and pouring out there hearts to me, because now I have to tell them to stop.  There was Sarah and Sasha, and now that I'm so happy with Ashley, of course a really hot girl starts talking to me about how lonely she is and how I'm the only nice person there.  Mind you, given an actual choice between those two, I would have chosen Ashley anyway, but I still wish that sort of thing would happen to me when I'm single. Sorry if I bore you, that's my life.  And that's it.  I'm going back to bed.
    


	 
      I am an instigator. I am a scrappy terrier that will chew your leg off if you look at me funny. That's why what I'm going to say is going to be more shocking than the last five minutes of a majorly-hyped Law and Order episode.  Sophia and Marten are being childish and need to bury the metaphorical hatchet.  You know Marten, you're the administrator of this blog and I respect that. However I think your indignation towards Sophia is covered in crap. Petualantly hiding away and editing posts isn't going to make this go away. Okay, Sophia may have offended a loyal reader. Big Deal. That's not nearly as bad as the time when I told Erin that my post may be so asinine she should "close [her] eyes and think of England, sweetie. It gets better" If you would have let this g, talked to her face to face, and I'm not just talking about the Ryan Hagan post, but rather the calling here bitchy, than this would have been a non story. But instead you openly attack her on the blog, which automatically put her on the defensive. Now Sophia's mad and you're mad and the rest of us are caught in the crossfire. But if you insist on starting things, than you better finish them completely, because if you just hide away than I will wait in the tall grass for you, Marten, because you are killing the blog.  I'm not saying that Marten was the only one wrong in this argument. I have once (spectacularly) gone off on someone and made mountains out of molehills. But Blatantly attacking a read with no reason given to this sudden outburst is just confusing and apparently unacceptable. If you are going to hate something you need to give a reason, because otherwise you look petty and small. And Believe me, I know petty and small. But you have to remember that I openly apologized and extended an olive branch once I realized that I was wrong and that my comments were offensive and petty. So If you don't stop being "bitchy" and apologize to both Ryan and Marten, than you are just as wrong as Marten is, and someday we may look back and realize that Compendium, what was a Utopian Shangri-La for hilarous intellectuals, failed because petty squabbling between the writers.  I may be hypocritical for saying this. I might me monumentally out of line. I am pretty sure I looked back five minutes ago and saw that line that you don't cross with an administrator fading away in the rear-view mirror. Marten, If you don't want to apologize, If you believe that you are absolutely right, than I accept that. But if you believe that you were wrong and are just afraid to swallow your pride and apologize, then God, Marten. I don't even want to know you
    


	 
      Shoutouts to Rachel Griffiths (who had a baby), Tom Cruise (who got a haircut), The cast of The OC (who are #1 on the TV list of breakout stars of 2003) and Keira Knightsley (who is number one in movies)  C.J.: Good morning, Mrs. Landingham. Where are we in the saga of Toby and the President? MRS. LANDINGHAM: They seem to be having a disagreement. C.J.: A disagreement or a fight? MRS. LANDINGHAM: Well, it certainly has the potential... BARTLET [OS] [shouts]: Oh, for God’s sakes Toby! MRS. LANDINGHAM: There we go.  Oooh, Chickfight on the blog. Ten bucks on Sophia. Any takers?  The Following is the expressed opinion of Michael Christie, and does not reflect the views of Marten Dollenger or the Staff of Compendium of Stupidity  I think that it would make sense if Sophia gave a reason why she hated Ryan Hagan. That would explain why. Also I find it somewhat shocking that Marten actually edited a post.  I'd also just like to congratulate Compendium of Stupidity on three months online.   Also I'll be posting a piece on weddings, currently titled "Untitled Michael Christie Blog Post". It's so delightfully meta, don't you think?  The Obligatory Television Without Pity quote. These will appear until y'all visit.  Pamie: That damn SuChin is finishing up.  Stee: Now, SuChin...she won a contest, right? She's not actually a VJ. Please tell me that.  Pamie: She does that thing to me that happens to Kramer when he hears Mary Hart's voice.  Stee: I'm gonna interview you in the style of the MTV Video Music Awards opening.  Pamie: Okay. And I'll do it like a guy who's there.  Stee: "Okay, okay! So Pam! I mean, I mean...! Hey, there's...! I'm standing...! Hey! I...there's....! Thanks, Kurt! I'm standing here on the red carpet with...Pam--"  Pamie: "Right, right, true, true!"  Stee: "So, Pam! This is absolutely amazing here tonight, isn't it?"  Pamie: "Oh, you know, it's like I'm saying, I've been, I mean, you know. I'm just here. I'm just sayin'. You know, everything's been a really good year and we're all just really happy about everything--"  Stee: "--Is--?"  Pamie: "--and how everything has worked out."  Stee: "Now, isn't our red carpet really red?"  Pamie: "Oh, you know, it's like I'm saying, it's like, yeah, I mean, it's like, crazy, man, it's like, amazing."  Stee: "Now, I understand that you, uh, don't like Kurt Loder. Is that true?"  Pamie: "Oh, you know, it's like I'm saying. Everybody has like, things going on and stuff and it's like, you kinda, you know, you work through it. You know, and everything. But my new album, CHICKEN AND RED MEAT, drops October7th, and that is what it's all about. CHICKEN! CHICKEN! OCTOBER SEVENTH!"  Stee: "All right..."  Pamie: "WOOOOOO!"  Stee: "How many, how many hours a day do you watch MTV?"  Pamie: "What? I'm sorry, I was talkin' to my boy! That's my boy right there! T-Bok! And T-Bok, come over here, T-Bok! Woooo!"  Stee: "I forget..."  Pamie: "WOOOOO!"  Stee: "I forget who I'm...who you're talking to."  Pamie: "Oh, you know, it's like I'm saying."  Stee: "Hey, fat guy! Uh...Sway! Umm...."  Pamie: "Wooo! October 7th!"  Stee: "SuChin! Someone help me!"  Pamie: "October 7th! October 7th!"  Stee: Man.  Pamie: And now...the 2003 MTV Video Music Awards! In the hizzy! -Pamie and Stee on The MTV Video Music Awards. The Hilarious Title of the Recap is "Yo Yo! Our Recap Drops On September 8th! Hollah!"  Seriously there is something for all of y'all. Children of Dune recaps for the Comstocks. Regina's Alias Recaps for Marten. I don't know what Thomas, Sophia, Erin or Lara watch, so I guess there are only things for the Comstocks and Marten. Never mind.  
    


	 
      Marten-Why don't you just kick me off?  And it's not that I'm any different from before, it's just you're noticing that I'm quite the b i tch.  I decided to "edit" that one myself so you didn't have to take the time out of your schedule to do it for me.  You're welcome.  Michael-That quote was pretty funny.  Nathan-That looked pretty interesting to me...lol, the title of your musical cracks me up.  :D     
    


	 
      This is a parody I just finished from our hypothetical musical  A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to Ithaca .  To the tune of the Stones' "Wild Horses".  Enjoy!  Gods in heaven, it’s easy to do The things you wanted, we sacrificed them to you Immortal Lady, you know who I am, You know you can’t let me lose to Priam  All our forces, couldn’t get into Troy All our forces, couldn’t get into Troy  You’ve watched us suffer, fighting in vain, Helen is still there, inside their domain No sweeping exits from enemy lines Could make us feel bitter and leave her behind  Men and horses, could get lost in the fray All our forces, still would not go away  I know I’ve dreamed of getting inside And Meneleaus, would get back his bride Walls would be broken, Tears would be cried All of the Trojans, soon will have died  Large, Wheeled horses could get us into Troy Large, Wheeled horses could get us into Troy  Large, Wheeled horse, could get us into Troy Trojan forces, we soon would destroy  To be perfectly honest, Jonah came up with the idea and part of one of the verses.  It's still sort of a work in progress, so any suggestions would be appreciated.  And that's it.  I'm going back to bed.
    


	 
      Marten - No Hipster Flare sounds like a pair of pants. Also the socratic thing got blown to hell once you hired me. Because while it maybe interesting. It just ain't funny. Nathan - I'm now the president of yo' mama! Bow before me, The President of the Kingdom of Ma Hornbeck! Erin - Queen of the Trees? Do tell. Also did you see your love thread on the forums. There's a link somewhere around here. Also everyone loves Ewan McGregor!...That sounded straighter in my head. I'm sorta having a gay day today. Sophia - As Do I. Though It would be sad if he saw this and slit our throats while we were sleeping. But not together. Although I wouldn't mind sleeping together. Because I'm straight.   I was at Bethlehem Village tonight and wasn't able to mod the thing. It's okay, y'all didn't seem interested anyway. I'm [illegally] downloading the second season premiere of The West Wing, In The Shadow of Two Gunmen, Parts One and Two. They won the Emmy for best writing in an episode. They also reveal "Who's been hit! Who's been hit!" (I sincerely hope it's not CJ. Allison Janney rocks. And According to EW Allison Janney was the best thing to happen in that stupid Mandy Moore movie "How To Deal".)  I don't know what else to say, so I'm just going to quoteTelevision Without Pity You don't care, but I do [tm Erin]  "Paris and Nicole are giving interviews on a red carpet for the premiere of their show. The interviewer asks if they are ready for this. I think a better question is, "Are we, the viewers, and in fact all of America, ready for this?" And the answer is, "It's December and sweeps are over, so why the hell not?"" -Kim on  The Simple Life   
    


	 
      I hate Ryan Hagan. [Sophia, this is hardly the place. What's with you this past month?  I don't generally edit like this, but this is utterly inappropriate.  You really need to calm down.------Marten  PS Ryan does read this regularly]   what's the point of calling it a laptop if your not supposed to use it on your lap?
    


	 
      I kinda meant for this blog to be somewhat socratic, but it never happened. Started to with the Time thread, but it died.   Jonahs new title scheme should be things that sound like attacks from animes! You know, in those action sequence thingies when They say the name of the attack?Like Hipster Flare. (Its a kind of pants that lara has and I thought it sounded like sumthin from digimon)  Whats the point of calling it a laptop if your not supposed to use it on your lap?
    


	 
      In case some people haven't heard me say this yet, go see Love Actually! Great movie. Not just one happy ending-- but lots!  This weekend I am finishing college and Prelude applications, studying for precal test, working on research paper, memorizing my lines as queen of the trees, and making elf hats. Hopefully somewhere in there I will fall unconscious and not wake up until December 20.  I am six lines away from being finished with my latest parody, "At the End of the Day- Naboo Style!"  I have a horrible suspicion that, were there to be an online Socrates Cafe, I wouldn't have enough time to attend.  Jonah's blank entry leads me to suspect that he may be the Phantom Menace. I have a bad feeling about this...  Segue to Erin's Fanfiction Recommendation of the Week ("You might not care, but I do."): The Shifty Troublemaker, a TPM parody on fanfiction.net. This piece is very clever: frequent references are made to George's quest for more money through spectacular marketing and his love affair with impressive CGI creations such as Jar Jar and the Wizard Eopies, not to mention the Lego (tm) Podracers. Anakin has tourette's. Coruscant is one giant disco bash. Qui-Gon loves his drugs and perhaps a certain young Scot. This fanfic is the origin of the infamous penguin line. Need I say more?  Whats the point of calling it a laptop if your not supposed to use it on your lap?
    


	 
      I love drama!  More on that later. I would be scared if Michael were president of anything.  More on that would be superfluous. I think an online socrates cafe would not work at all.  everyone would be talking at once and so the discussion would be somewhat stunted.  That happens on all chat rooms and I doubt this one would be any different.  So for now I'm gonna say no.  Even  if  Christen's there, seeing as I have a girlfriendwith whom I'm quite happy. Ok, Drama.  Today in our scene groups we all got the same scene, but we had to figure out what the somewhat cryptic dialogue was about, and make up motions to go along with it.  It was really fun. I have four essays to write.  That makes me sad ): But Drama, Ashley and the fact that it smells like Christmas make me happy (: Jonah: How about AB, then AC, then AD, etc.  either in the first word or the first and second? 
    


	 
      I hate Drama. More on that later.  I want to Run for School President. More on that later.  I would be glad to moderate an online "Socrates Cafe: Now with 75% less Guthrie!" Just grab a frappuchino and IM me at SBristowSD6 so I can let you in. I probably won't talk much, cause I'd be doing other stuff, but I can create private chat room (I don't know if all of you with AIM can do that. If you can then someone else will do it.)  
    


	 
      The end is near! Z is fast approaching, and the end of my title scheme with it.  My options are: Switch to numbers (Very Difficult) Use double letters (Difficult unless I'm posting about different sizes of batteries or BB guns) Start over at A (Boring) Make up a totally new scheme (Conceptually painful- I stand to lose my alphabetical identity)  So, as you can see, they all have disadvantages, so your suggestions would be appreciated.   Second, the blank page. When I saw it, I thought it was either the stupidest or  most brilliant thing I'd ever seen.  But I didn't want to dis it without trying it, so I made a blank post.  And it was refreshing.  If nothing else, it stimulated conversation. Sophia - That sounds like a great idea, but for me a big part of Socrates Cafe was being on a coffee high, so I don't know how much I'd enjoy the discussion without it.  Out of curiosity, how is Guthrie limiting the numbers? Fourth order of business, my life is crazy.  Just for fun, I'm going to list all of the things that contribute to that.  Band Things  Marching band Fiesta Bowl Prep Pep Band rehearsals and games ISSMA Solo and Ensemble contest Concert band concert in a week  Church Things  Choir cantata and rehearsals Pagaent and rehearsal(s) Youth Group (Tiny Tim) Brass Quintet Brass duet with Thomas  School Things  Book Report/ Reading of book for World History Debate in Lyceum Next issue of North Star Regular Homework  Other Things  Speech Supporting the craziness of others (attending choir, orchestra concerts) Eating Sleeping Trying to have a social life  Wow, 18.  That's more than I would have thought.  Anyway, that's pretty crazy, so if I don't post again before January, that's why.    What's the point of calling it a laptop if your not supposed to use it on your lap?  
    


	 
      lol, I thought Jonah's intentionally-left-blank post was quite refreshing.  :D    Now, I was struck with a brilliant idea and was wondering if you all would be interested in joining/helping me.  Since Guthrie started limiting the number of people allowed to attend Socrates' Cafe, not everyone can go.  Which super-sucks.  So I was thinking that maybe if we started an INTERNET Socrates' Cafe, more people could join and we could have a more interesting, philosophical time on the internet!  So I propose a Socrates' Cafe CHATROOM!  Who's with me?!  Oh, and, Michael, that date is my mommy's birthday!  Just fyi!  Whats the point of calling it a laptop if your not supposed to use it on your lap?
    


	 
      Yeah, Jonah that was stupid. If you want to see blank pages just...open up blank word documents like normal people.   PS: Join the Forums! They're cool and hip and happening! Also If no-one joins, then it disappears the 29th of December.
    


	 
      Jonah, that was stupid.  It had no point! Why bring blank pages back to the internet? It can't be relaxing, as starring at a computer screen, blank or not, is bad for your eyes.   Good Lord, there's a modem in my shoe!
    


	 
      This entry intentionally left blank.              (Find out the point of that  urlLink here )
    


	 
      lol, great day, today.  Yeah.  I was really super-dooper hyper.  :D  Marten knows.  Anyways, Michael, your day sounds pretty awesome cept for the whole impaling thing!  I wish I had talked about Napoleon's penis in Japanese!  That'd been so super fun!  hahahhhahaha.  I'm done.  bye.  Whats the point of calling it a laptop if you ' r e  not supposed to use it on your lap?
    


	 
      Guess what? You want to hear about my day? I actually stayed awake in Algebra. I made spaghetti in Nutrition and Wellness. We talked about Russia and Napoleon's Penis in Japanese, and I impaled myself on my monologue in Drama. See, this is why I don't try new things, It turns out they're either boring or I'm really bad at them. Carmela! Get me a Vodka Tonic and some lighter fluid. Daddy wants to fly! Yes I'm talking to you, you wayward Cabana Girl. Now Go!   Also I just found out that unemployed sitcom writers wear tweed. Who knew?
    


	 
      Shoutout to Tim Dinger, who I think is a butthead, but he'll never find out because he's anti-blog. I have great Tim Dinger stories. Not to mention a really really funny one about Daniel Day. Remind me to tell you that one soon.  Now Nathan, I'm sure that Ioians and Ganymedians are also ungrateful and mean. Astronomy humor. Doesn't go over well with people.  The Europeans have always been mean. I've known that from the beginning of sixth-grade social studies. Europe has frequently been the enemy, just look at almost everyone of our wars has had a European enemy or been instigated by Europeans. Look at the Revolutionary War. Look at World War One. Look at Nazi Germany. Look at Russian History. (By the way, Nathan, I would highly recommend majoring in Russian History. Fascinating stuff. Even as late as 1917, Russian history has been turbulent and nebulous) Vietnam was started, indirectly by the French, British and Americans snubbing Ho Chi Minh at one of the summits after World War II. The British used Opium to get the Chinese high and take advantage of them. The Dutch did the same thing to Indians in order to acquire Manhattan Island in New York. Of course the Europeans are mean nasty and horrible. Even now most of them still are. While I have mixed views on the war in Iraq, I think that after saving French Ass in World War I and getting Germany back on it's feet after the calamitous forty-year period of War and death had to count for something. The British backing us proves that they are truely the best ally we have at this point.   I wonder how long a tangent I can go on before you all stop reading.   I think the Spanish Conquistador's behavior speaks for itself. They wiped out two advanced civilizations for gold. I think that was just greed for the point of greed. And look at Columbus. And I don't even want to bring up the fact that we gave them all Syphillis. The Swiss are probably the nicest people in the world at this point. Except for Heidi. She's a bitch.  That's my entire view of imperialization. And Nathan (last line "Especially Islam. If I were them, I'd be mad too.") I think you meant to say the Arabs who have gotten screwed over a great many times by the west. Although we had no business arming them in Afghanistan back in the eighties, then running away with our tail between our legs after Yeltsen took office. We should have worked with the Afghans, set up a government and then backed away. That (indirectly) led to Terrorist Attacks over the last ten years, including the Apartment Buildings in Riyadah, The American Embassies in Nairobi and Dar Es Salaam and the one that hit closest to home, the terrorist attacks on September 11th. Offtopic (even more than I am right now),   JONAH: Cornblog is a very stupid idea. Try something like "The Blogs of War". That will make sense after you read Julius Caesar. SOPHIA: Queen Mary? Cool. ERIN: I think I saw you this morning, but I may not have. How do you know in a school of 1,700? THOMAS: How's Columbo? LARA:ummm...Bye! I think this is it for me for a while. I'm tired and have quite a bit of work to do. I'll just leave you with this thought: "Fish Are Friends, Not Food."
    


	 
      Ok, here we go.  From Jonah's list, a question about an  interesting topic. Why is history so Eurocentric? I'm really enjoying world history, despite Mrs. Layman and Spodek.  You know why?  Because, while I'm not getting a balanced perspective, I'm finally getting enough of one to see Europians for what they really are: fakes, thiefs, rip-offs.  Ungrateful, and often down right mean.  I had no idea how much revisionist history I'd been absorbing.  Europeans have only been the big players for  maybe  six hundred years.  The Chinese empire lasted like four times that long.  Dar Al Islam lasted almost twice that long.  But what do we learn about as kids?  The last 200 years.  The ones that involve America.  Maybe a little about Europe. I've been thinking a lot about my career plans, and I think I want to major in Medievil history and minor in theatre.  I'll probably still end up a teacher, but if I must teach, I'd rather teach history, and try and help kids get a somewhat better rounded view of the world.  Especially Islam.  If I were them, I'd be mad to.
    


	 
      There was a mass suicide and I wasn't invited? Gasp! Anyway, I'm in Journalism SRT, and I'm supposed to be silent reading.  Anyway, I think people aren't posting because they don't know what to say.  So, I'm taking it upon myself to reaffirm what the blog is for.  -- Posting interesting developements in your life that are not gossipy or girl/boy crazy. -- Posting Philosophical quandaries about random or interesting topics, like time or love. -- Relating interesting facts about stuff like cod or England -- Posting amusing anecdotes (funny is good) -- Convorsations!!! -- Suggestions for improving the blog, or for other bloggers, like this one.  You all have atleast one of these in your head now, so post.  Or face the consequences.   It's okay! I had Subway! 
    


	 
      lol, since that made no sense what-so-ever...anyways, I KNOW WHO I'M GOING TO BE FOR MEETING OF MINDS!!  :D  I'm gonna be "Bloody" Mary I of England...daughter of Henry VIII!!! How exciting is that?!  I just wanted to share that with you all.  And, yes, Michael, there's a very large protest against something really stupid...that's why no one else has posted.  It's just you and me.  lol  :D  It's okay! I had Subway! 
    


	 
      I'd just like to point out that with the exception of, well me, that no one has posted in 48 hours. Is there a strike or a walkout or mass suicide I should know about?
    


	 
      Live From Indianapolis, It's Friday Night!  I just want to say a few things. The first of which I'd like to say this. I'd certainly enjoy reading  The Complete Works of Erin Chandler . And that  Ewok  didn't look bad either. On this being an "LC Blog":Suck it up and deal, Nathan. You spent a good part of the car ride to Taj of India discussing people at LN I've never met. You want an LN Blog? Create your own. You can do that. You can create a blog just to discuss things at LN, but I will rise up an army and I will beat you. (I was paraphrasing Leo's speech on why A Proportional Response makes more sense than the disproportional response Bartlet suggested. Yes I'm just rambling here. Also I just realized that we have like eight of us here already (but only six who regularly post) But seriously that's a lot of bloggers, yo. I'm just making my point, and also using the phrase "Suck it" which I've always wanted to do. Also Nay on Flame War!  Also Jonah is totally hot!  Also speaking as a Republican, we really really need Dean or Sharpton in the White House. Not for their policies, but rather for the entertainment value. Also there needs to be a more charasmatic Republican candidate in 2008. I mean I'm talking Bartlet here.  Alright, Nay on syndication!  Also I'm introducing what, until I get bored of it, will be my new feature  GOOGLING MEMBERS OF THE BLOG!  I searched "Jonah Comstock" and there were four hits: The newspaper thing, the Indianapolis Children's Choir (Nathan was also there), Some random old thing and Corndog.  Now apparently from the Nathan hits, Our Nathan is the first "Nathan Comstock" to be born in...about one-hundred years. Seriously people.    The Nathan Comstock Timeline  1725: Nathan Comstock Born 1735: Nathan Comstock Born 1746: Nathan Comstock Born 1760: Nathan Comstock's daughter was born.  1776: Nathan Comstock Born 1786: Nathan Comstock Born 1802: Nathan Comstock Born 1806: Nathan Comstock Born 1809: Nathan Comstock was a Commissioner of the Poor in Palmyra, New York.  1816: Nathan Comstock built a cabin in Rockport, New York 1827: Nathan Comstock signed a petition having something to do with a highway in Michigan.  1862: Nathan Comstock Born  Nathan Comstock is: a Freshman Senator at Emory University, a High School Tennis Captain in Georgia, and a marathon runner in Michigan.  Thank you and Good Night!    2 links of 252 actually were Nathan Comstock. Funny, Huh?
    


	 
      Actually its evening, but oh well.  I still have a bunch of random stuff to say. You know what's creepy?  Hearing your friends argue about whether or not your brother is hot.  Especially when one is a guy.  That's just my major weird experience of the day. If the constitutional amendment banning gay marraiges manages to pass, I'm going to stage a coup and overthrow the government. We need more LN people on this blog.  I move to invite Tyler Rudd or Paul Simmons.  Somehow this has turned into an LC blog with a couple of LN guys and that's not what it was supposed to be at all.  It makes me feel left out sometimes.  I also think you guys are being a little hypocritical in discussing LC teachers who Jonah and I have never met. No on Syndication. One: why do we want readers?  Two: Who would want to read any of this?  I think syndication is vain and pointless. I'm really sick of my title scheme, so as soon as I think of a good one I'm going to change it.  Just a bit of warning. Ok, none of that had anything to do with the rest of it, but thats ok.  Please don't get offended and try to start a flame war.  Stop Kemps, We're Playing Euchre! 
    


	 
      I hate Mr. Phillipy  I hope both he and Mr. Hall get married to eachother and die on their honemoon.  Or it would have to be a civil union thanks to stupid President over there in Washington...I don't even know if THOSE are legal here.  Stupid conservatives.    Anyways.  Mr. Phillipys such an asshole.  I agree with everything you said about him because that's EXACTLY what I was thinking...he thinks he can read Cyrano's part when there are so many people in our class who could do SO MUCH BETTER!  He's an awful speaker and he's so random.  I hate him, I hate him, I HATE HIM!  I've just had awful luck this year with gay English teachers, have I not?    I CAN'T BELIEVE HE MADE FUN OF ME FOR SAYING "OUR" FUNNY!!!    He can't even TALK about accents, stupid Pe-ru man.  Grrrrrrr.  And the whole "Bless you" thing?  Grrrrrrrrrr.  You enjoyed my pissed off acting?  I would've thought it was quite funny as well if it hadn't been me he was making fun of.  Asshole.  Nobody makes fun of me and is still my friend.  Unless if they're joking...I'm good with jokes.  But he's not joking.  He's dead serious about making fun of the way I say "our".  Eat me, Mr. Phillipy.  (Now I understand why it definitely isn't a good idea to syndicate this...sorry about the profanity guys...and about the awful comments...just sorry for making you read all of that!)   Stop Kemps, We're Playing Euchre! 
    


	 
      Ha! Sophia,  you made my day.  Phillipe isn't much better, is he? What a yutz.  The guy is a horrible speaker.  We're reading Cyrano, and our teacher thinks he can read the lead.  The guy has no prose skillz. can't act.  Plus, or minus, as the case may be, hes a bloody hypocrite, he's rude, and has to have the stage constantly.  He'll cut people off on questions and go on scripted tangents.  I think he decides exactly what he's going to say before hand and if you don't follow his script hes just going to block you out.   Stop Kemps, We're Playing Euchre!  
    


	 
      Do you all know how much I love snowblowers. Seriously, It took me fifteen minutes to clear off the driveway. Which is awesome. And I did it while listening to a .wav I ripped from the  urlLink cheerleading episode  of Joan of Arcadia.  Also Yay for Snow Days!  Also we can syndicate our blog. I know how to do it. It would expand our audience, which would be a good thing. Then again with some of the things said about a certain speech teacher, it may not. I'm syndicating What Kind of Day Has It Been. Just so you know.  Syndication: Yay or Nay?
    


	 
      This is the last post to utilize the stupid and tedious alphabetical title scheme.  My next post wil began a totally new scheme.  But I've finally figured out what my regular section will be: Match up of the week.  This week:  Who would win in a jousting match between Helen Keller and Larry the Cucumber if Larry was riding a giant corn chip with legs and Hellen Keller was riding a potato chip of equal size with wheels? (They are both using chocolate lances, but Helen Keller's is dark chocolate and Larry's is milk chocolate)  Most of the matches will pretty much be like that.  Also, "of the week" does not mean there will be one each week.  There will still be one per entry, regardless of how they spread across weeks.  Erin, please read the comments on the posts for information about your books.  Do you think I could borrow Monstrous Regiment if I promise to read it quickly?  (Easy enough.  TH White is good, but his books take signifigantly longer to read than Terry Pratchett, whose books I have more than once read in a single night)  Also, I am surprised that Celebration is coming here again.  Pleasantly surprised though.  And this time, we'll get organized enough to enter the costume contest for real. I'd like to conclude with the word Eggplant.  But I won't, because this sentence is here.   Stop Kemps, We're Playing Euchre! 
    


	 
      There's more to that quote, but it sounds funny right there as it is.  Everyone should read Jonah's story if they havent been reading it already, it's awsome.  Erin, I'm surprised. I was expecting, now that I am queen I want title scheme of my own, or something closer to that quote. precious is too predictable for the times.  I'm betting Nate's the feminist and Heather's the communist. Oh, and Nate's hairstyle is now officially known as a lutefisk.  It's a Norwegian dish of cod soaked in lye.    Stop Kemps, We're Playing Euchre! 
    


	 
      Erin, Word on the Golden Globes. Apparently we'll get to also see Jack "Sunglasses at Night" Nicholson knock the microphone stand back and forth. My parents asked me what the difference between the Golden Globes and the Oscars were, the main differences being these: The Golden Globes are held in a Hotel Ballroom, usually the Beverly Hilton and the Oscars are held in a theatre, usuallyThe Shrine Auditorium near USC, The Kodak Theatre in Hollywood, or the Dorothy Chandler Pavilion at the Los Angeles Music Center, Downtown (I suppose the new Gehry designed Walt Disney Music Hall is a possibility, unless the Philharmonic Orchestra are performing)  This tangent has been brought to you by NBC, the only place to see the 2004 hooker-infested Olympic Games in Athens and Drunken Celebrities at the Golden Globes.   Also the fact that the nominees and attendees sit at tables, rather than in a big theatre. Also they drink heavily.   There was really no point in me writing this entry except to say that I know a lot about the Golden Globes and Los Angeles, and you don't.  Also Erin, Nathan told me he lost your book.   Oy, With the Fishcakes Already!  (The template thing should be italicized, as not to drag attention away from the entry)
    


	 
      all night, but oh well.)  In other words, show choir hell has officially started with 21 hours of Choreography in three days.  On the plus side, this show rules!  It is very awesome and I urge you to come see it.  Especially if you want to see me being ghetto, and all of our girls doing Kung Fu. (Actually it's more like kick boxing, but some of these girls trying to pull off 'tough' are downright hilarious.  Especially Amy and Laura.)       So yeah, if you think you've had an exhausting week, I advise you to think again.  Equally frustrating is that there is absolutely nothing cool for small, lightweight guys to do in a show choir show, and they won't let the girls lift me.       In other news, Heather Haywood and I are writing a scene together in Theatre arts about a feminist, an environmentalist, and a communist.  I think you can guess who I'm playing.      Stop Kemps, We're Playing Euchre!
    


	 
      Sooo.... Thanks for the title scheme, Marten. It's all mine now, my own... my preciouss. The Golden Globes are on tonight, which means we get the chance to watch drunken celebrities receive awards. I had something relevant to say, but I forget what it was.  Oh, yes, give me my books back. And Celebration III is coming to Indy in '05, baby! Woohoo!  Stop Kemps, We're Playing Euchre!
    


	 
      Yeah, Mrr Hrr is the noise I make when I'm making fun of you...if you ever wondered.  Anyway, I'm not dead, as I've been recently walking around school as is often the case on weekdays.  I've just been rather busy and/or rather lazy.  Your choice.  I'm really tired right now, cuz I just got home from a party (lots of drugs and sex, guys, I had a great time.  :D) and I only got 2 hours of sleep between the speech meet from hell and the party.  Btw, I got 8th for Humorous Interpretation (yay) and 2nd to last in all of my OI rounds.  Hmm.  So I'm actually alive and well.  Thanks.    Stop Kemps, We're Playing Euchre!
    


	 
      I am giving Erin full rights to my title scheme and taking a new one: Quotes from webcomics and other blogs.  Obviously not this blog, that would be cheesy.  Stop Kemps, We're Playing Euchre!
    


	 
      I Know I just had to turn the page, but it looked better backwords.  Note the clever spelling pun.  It's from Reaper Man, which of just finished.  It is very confusing.  I noticed interesting metaphors for other stories, but it was still very odd.  I liked it anyway.  Work sessions make me tired.  Of course, Im one of 2 or 3 that actually works the entire time, so hey, what did I expect?  I HATE MY ART PROJECT! GROUP PROJECTS+ART=DOOM HOUSE!  Stop Kemps, We're Playing Euchre! 
    


	 
      I'd just like to say this about Sophia, who apparently died, a month ago, that she was what she has always been. A great big fish.  The Enemy Walks In will be up tomorrow, because I'm tired.
    


	 
      My new semester schedule contains one highly awesome element:  As many lunches as I want!  Ok, well technically just whichever lunch I want but I can get away with more than one easily.  It just so happens that my North Star period (which is during a beginning journalism class, so I'm the only one in it) is during a lunch period.  Since I'm one person and the administration won't notice, Hayes said I can go to any lunch I want.  First day I went to two and he didn't notice.  If he asks, I was doing interviews. But other than that, the new schedule kinda sucks.  Two new teachers, one boring but nice and one who I thought was mean but she's just old.  I guess overall it's a wash.  In other news, The Pajama Game is a sexist musical.  It has three or four girls chorus songs, no guys songs and only about three that guys even sing on.  Being male chorus is quite pointless, particularly knowing I will be cut from all the dance numbers.  I'd better get lines, or else this musical will be a huge waste of my time.  There is one post left before the alphabet fails me, so please tell me what to do. Marten, you should bold the end thingy in the template so it doesn't blend with everything else.   Stop Kemps, We're Playing Euchre! 
    


	 
      Well, It lasted a day. And I'm back to deleting Marten's nonsensical blog templates from the bottom of my posts.   I started Daily (not that any of you care) Updates at What Kind of Day Has It Been.  Also I can't find the cool IKEA wardrobe I saw in Costa Mesa. Which doesn't put me an any better of a mood about dealing with the suckfest that will be tomorrow. I have to go post "The Box, Part Two"  Oy with the fishcakes already!
    


	 
      Wow, what a weekend.  I planned a lot of stuff.  A lot of stuff happened.  I didn't plan all the stuff that happened.  It was fun anyway.  Hurray for Yo Yo Ma! Incase we have any uncultured whelps reading this blog, he plays the cello.  He plays it well.  Hurray for Momas who got tickets to see Yo Yo Ma!  If there's anyone here who doesnt know who Momas is, she is the mother of Thomas.  Mom + Thomas = Momas.    Then I came home.  Then I went away again.  Off to Christin Neary's birthday party.  Good food. Lots of people. and notice the sentence fragmens? Good device. Will be used more later.  Anywhy, parts of it were fun, other bits tasted good.  However, there was quite a bit of negative-marten energy there, so I was, for the most part, canceled out.  Sounds silly, but what can I do?  After that, Big Fish. It was fun. See What Kind of day has it been.   michael what did I say about using the word props?  This blog depicted here shall possess unseen marks, signs that she will be the one to bring forth my works. Bind them with fury, a burning anger unless prevented at vulgar cost, this blog will render the greatest power unto utter desolation.   
    


	 
      Props to Marten for using a writer selected signature-thingy.  All of our writing is now Copyrighted! Yay!   Also I've added another link to one of my sites. Because it's all about me and don't you forget it.  This blog depicted here shall possess unseen marks, signs that she will be the one to bring forth my works. Bind them with fury, a burning anger unless prevented at vulgar cost, this blog will render the greatest power unto utter desolation. 
    


	 
      And so were the recaps. Seriously people, if you aren't watching  Joan of Arcadia , you should be.  Here's an excerpt from the fabulous Deborah's recap to entice you to watch... I'M QUOTING! BECAUSE THAT'S WHAT CONSIDERATE PEOPLE DO! DON'T HURT ME!  "Kevin wheels into the kitchen, where the rest of the family is getting breakfast, reading the newspaper on his lap aloud to all: "'Chief Girardi's courage in confronting the corruption that has plagued Arcadia for years cannot be underestimated. He should be treated as a hero, not a pariah.'" Joan finds this odd and asks, "One of those flesh-eating Amazonian death fish?" Luke: "That's 'piranha.' A 'pariah' is an outcast, one of the unclean."" -Deborah on  Joan of Arcadia  1.12, "Jump"  Click this  urlLink link . Fufill your true nature.  Joan of Arcadia airs Friday at 8 on CBS.  Nathan: Go  urlLink here.  Dork out.
    


	 
      Okay, so it's not an actual quote, but I succesfully combined Lord of the Rings with Once in a Life Time. I get props. who coined that? Props to so and so. its actually kind of stupid and I never wat to hear it said again. Unless the speaker is refering to actual props for a play or something.   Ok, Michael, Im going to read the Alias recaps for the episodes I mised on TWoP.  Also, I'm going to ignore the squabble because I wasn't here. Also because I have divine right as administrator.  And because I think squabble is a dumb word.  reminds me of bad seafood. and notice the sentence fragments? good device. will be used more later  I know from sparrows to starlings. After that, everything's a duck, as far as I'm concerned.
    


	 
      I'm in the Newspaper!  Page N-1, Star North section, "Students are all talk at contest".  Just wanted to point that out.   I'm under serious finals/beginning of show choir season/end of speech season strees right now.  In a week like this, anything can make my day.   Micheal- TwoP is really good.  I wish they reviewed SG-1, though.
    


	 
      Joan Girardi has one. Rory Gilmore has one. Sydney Bristow has one. keckler has one. John Carter has one. Seth Cohen has one. Laynie Hart has one. Now Michael Christie has one too. I have an iPod! I finally fixed the port and I have music on there. Right now I'm listening to music from Finding Nemo.  There are about 11 intended links supposed to be up there. If you don't know who any of these people are, you don't watch enough TV. However, I'm nice enough to give you an idea: Joan of Arcadia, Gilmore Girls, Alias, Enterprise (recapper), ER, The OC and Everwood. Just go to your friendly search engine and type in "Television Without Pity" I promise I'll read a webcomic if you do this.
    


	 
      I, too, am ignoring that squabble because it's over and moving on to say: That was definitely the best Joan of Arcadia ever! Hooray for Joan... or Jane, if you so prefer... and Adam! Good ripples all around. And definitely no weird scary koala bears in hats. Also, everyone, go see Big Fish. It is officially out now, and I saw a preview of it and it is such an awesome movie. It made me cry and laugh and everything. It's a brilliant film. Jonah, I want The Once and Future King back. Also The Da Vinci Code from Levi. You guys have had those for like six months. I've decided that I'm fixing the fanfiction recommendation of the week on Saturday, so here it is. You might not care, but I do. Another Lifetime by Kazzy, again for SW, again on fanfiction.net. I do read other fandoms and other sites, but these have just updated more. It's an AU where Padme doesn't die and is raising the twins, hopping from one planet to another and staying one step ahead of the Empire. Some very cute stories.  I shall now push "post and publish."  I know from sparrows to starlings. After that, everything's a duck, as far as I'm concerned.
    


	 
      Dell's phrase is supposed to be a pun-thing..."Easy as Dell" instead of "Easy as Hell."  Savvy?  (haha, so much fun to say that.  And I'm ignoring the squabble because it's over)  I know from sparrows to starlings. After that, everything's a duck, as far as I'm concerned.
    


	 
      Nathan, I'm sorry. I was wrong. I completely and totally over-reacted.  And the rest of you thought this post would be all hostile.  Best Joan of Arcadia Ever! Yay! If you aren't watching now, you should be!  Here's the part of the post that was nice...  2.18 - 17 People  The episode that set up sweeps week, as well as the future of the show. Bartlet's MS is revealed to Toby, who freaks out and tears both Leo and Bartlet new cornchutes. (I actually would have enjoyed a scene where he goes off on the first lady and she slaps him. But this is a serious episode...) Meanwhile Sam and Josh try to write jokes for a speech for the Correspondent's Dinner. Sam invites Ainsley up to write jokes and the end up debating the Equal Rights Amendment. Powerful episode, masterfully captured by Alex Graves, who is probably the most talented director on the show since Schlamme left. Great acting from Marten Sheen, Bradley Whitford, Janel Moloney and Rob Lowe. However Richard Schiff turns in a powerhouse performance and steals the show and runs.  Also I don't understand dell. What is a dell exactly? And what does Dell Computers's catch phrase "Easy as Dell" mean. Cause it's stupid and I don't get it!
    


	 
      I didn't read that post after the first sentence.  Nor will I.  I'm not going to retaliate.  I'm letting this go.  And even though you'll no doubt consider this a bunch of self riteous bs, I forgive you for that first comment.  It's not the kind of language I would use lightly. 
    


	 
      Micheal, I typed a rather long rant in reply to you, but then I deleted it.  I'm mad rght now.  I was already mad when I read you're post.  I snapped on five people today including both of my choir teachers.  So I figured it would only start a flame war.  So now I'm going to apologize for not explaining myself on the D&D topic, concede that I should have, and agree not to discuss it here.   I will not make the same concession for webcomics unless you do for TwoP, The West Wing, and basically every T.V. show you talk about that I don't watch.  You are holding a ridiculous double standard. Now I'm going to go take out my random, inexplicable anger on virtual characters in Super Smash Brothers. 
    


	 
      Hurray! Jonah wins! Jonah gets a brand new, all expenses paid cookie! hurray for Jonah. Nathan, i told you at youth group that I am in.  -I know from sparrows to starlings. After that, everything's a duck, as far as I'm concerned.
    


	 
      I don't know what the hell you are talking about. Quite frankly it's pissing me off more than a little bit. I loathe being outside of the loop. I also hate the fact that you cannot schedule an event without it being moved due to some previous obligation. On this note JournalCon is at 11:00 on the 31st of January. Come or don't, don't call before, just show up.  I'm probably expecting to much of you to even read this post. The webcomics are calling.  Okay...I've taken a few minutes, gotten a drink of water, had a shot of bourbon and now I'm back.  I propose a moratorium on Webcomics discussion, as well as whatever the hell DM is. Lord of the Rings dorkiness as well as things of actual substance are not banned by this bill, H.Con-175.   Vote in Comments (use Yay or Nay)  Also, Yond Nathan has a lean and hungry look;  He thinks too much, such men are dangerous. 
    


	 
      DMing is awesome!  But Marten, I've decided I can't do this with just two people.  I'm keeping the pirate theme, and I've expanded on it quite a bit.  I need a couple more weeks to get everything in order.  Meanwhile I've invited Paul and Tyler, and the invitation is still open to anyone else.  Especially Thomas.  Thomas, you in? Oh, By the way Thomas, you haven't posted because because time is an illusion, lunchtime doubly so, and time has been moving very quickly for you, so what seemed like days to us was only about half an hour to you, which you spent eating lunch. That's my guess, anyway.  As for the Web comic talk, get in the game!  I have 11 that I check regularly.  I know from sparrows to starlings. After that, everything's a duck, as far as I'm concerned.
    


	 
      hmm...whatever that means.  I think you (Thomas) were out getting pregnant...that's why you weren't here.  You should've used protection.  Anyways, I'm happy with the websites I do go to and that's why I shan't be reading your other blogs or whatever it is ya'll are asking me to read.  So yeah.  Au Revoir.   I know from sparrows to starlings. After that, everything's a duck, as far as I'm concerned.
    


	 
      Sorry to post excessively, but I (being the Glark to Marten's Sars) have to inform readers and bloggers of the new features.  Comments. Point, type, shoot. Simple enough, eh.  I have one other request that I'd like to express. Can we lower the amount of webcomics talk, please? I always feel left out. Of course, I could rip out The West Wing episode reviews. I'm not kidding either. Seriously.  ALSO OUT OF SHEER NECESSITY, I HAVE TO ASK AGAIN FOR REPLIES TO MY GENEROUS JOURNALCON INVITATION. SINCE NONE OF THE RESIDENT FEMALES HAVE RESPONDED AT ALL, THIS IS NOW A SLEEPOVER EVENT!  urlLink RESPOND , DAMMIT!  I ALSO NEED LINK SUGGESTIONS FOR ANYONE WHO WANTS THEM!
    


	 
      Thomas, I am really inclined to do that having been reminded of your prize winning convorsation. Oh wait you didn't win a prize. You didn't even enter? Ohhh Yeah...I'm really inclined to give you a reason.   I have one guess however because you're always online. You are playing games on the internet and never care enough to post on a collaborative blog.   Yeah I'm saber-rattling. I'm extraordinarily jet-lagged and am not in the mood to be screwed with.   Marten: IKEA - A Store that sells Cheap European goods (furniture, kitchenware etc.)
    


	 
      ...I'm really tired. I forgot what I was going to post about.  I'l probably ramble until it's more ridiculous than a Triangle and Robert Strip.  Speaking of the comic, I say all you non-readers read a bit so we can play the Triangle and Robert Improvisational Puppet show! (or TRIPS)  It's like a role playing game, but made to be silly, instead of silliness being made a mere possibility.    Michael, what is IKEA?   Erin, from now on, always press the Post & Publish button.  It's got connected computers on it.  I know from sparrows to starlings. After that, everything's a duck, as far as I'm concerned.
    


	 
      Ok we have entries from Marten, Jonah, and Erin so far. Michael you will take this contest seriously ::waves hand in a Jedi like fashion:: Nathan and Sophia please enter asap. I know from sparrows to starlings. After that, everything's a duck, as far as I'm concerned.
    


	 
      Jonah, the bands at the Rose Parade had to do the same thing, but for five and a half miles. And one of the bands played Barry Manilow. Ew.   Read "Happy New Year" at my site! Coming today "20 Hours in America, Part One"
    


	 
      Imagine holding five pounds of dead weight at level with your head, expending your air blowing into it while at the same time having to move forward, perfectly in step with those around you on uneven ground in unbearable heat. You are allowed to lower it from head to chest level for about four beats every three minutes.  Imagine this lasts three agonizing miles, while the people you walk by are sitting, laughing, and eating food. Keep that in mind the next time you watch a parade.  It's like gladiators - deriving pleasure from the pain of others.   Other than that, Arizona was great.  2nd place by a tenth of a point in the field show, 3rd in that cursed parade.  Saw the grand canyon, met some cowboys.  Met three to six wonderful girls from Maine and got e-mail addresses and even a phone number.  Marten suggested I refer to them as Xenophiles in my title because the were strangers who like me.  Xylophones is because we have them in our pit.  I must say, the grand canyon is absolutely amazing.  If you've never been there I highly recommend it.    Webcomic recommendation of the whenever is my official new section.  I'm going to kick it off with the ever popular Sluggy Freelance.  It's got Vampires, Aliens, Ferrets, and the like, but what makes it is the characterization and the quirky humor.  The page is www.sluggy.com.  The only drawback is the 7 years of archives, but if you find yourself with the internet and lots of free time, that is how I suggest spending it.  Thomas- I think you were eaten by a carnivorous moose from another planet.  You would be dead, except that just as you were being swallowed a space-time vortex opened and you fell into another dimension, specifically one populated by super intelligent tuataras, who made you their slave.  You were rescued by MacGuyver, who was thrown in by a similar vortex, and he created a dimensional flux agitator out of a pair of dirty socks, a toothpick, and some frozen orange juice.  However, the agitator wasn't perfect, so you ended up in the right dimension but the wrong planet.  MacGuyver made a spaceship out of some rocks, the agitator parts, and a captured turkey-like creature, but there was only room for one, so he left you behind promising to send help.  You waited for ten years and then gave up on that, deciding to find your own way home.  However, at the discovery of a mostly buried statue of liberty you realized that you were on earth, just in the future.  So you spent the next fifty years looking through the ruins of earth technology for a time machine.  The best you could find was a youth machine, which is why you still look 16.  You didn't find the time machine, but MacGuyver found you.  He had realized his mistake almost instantly, but because of relativity it took 60 years of your time for him to come back.  He was able to build a time machine with all the ruins you found, so you got back, only you were in New York.  Because you had no money you had to work as a taxi driver to raise the money, but while you were driving the taxi you got pulled into a web of mystery and intrigue revolving around a series of murders and a woman named Moreen LaRue.   Eventually you solved the mystery and got the girl, but she was run over by a speeding bus, so you returned here because you wanted to forget that other life and it's woes.  (I think I deserve a cookie for that.)   I know from sparrows to starlings. After that, everything's a duck, as far as I'm concerned.
    


	 
      Yeah, Eoywn rocks. Oh, hello. I didn't know anyone was here. Before you all start, the laptop died a horrible death on the fourth day of the trip, thus making me unable to update daily. I have some of my pieces in a notebook (sitting in my new Dead Tubey messenger bag) however the rest are on the laptop (probably in a warehouse somewhere)  Thomas, let me start out by saying welcome back. Also that people don't respond well to contests. Believe me. I know.  I'll be updating in a completely random order until I'm done, dammit.  Jonah: I tried desperately in vain to find the Fiesta Bowl parade, but I was in Pasadena at the time, and thats kind of like asking for Pepsi in Atlanta. Nathan: Crazy Idea! Don't try out for the play. You'll thank me on many a spring Saturday morning. Marten: IKEA! Erin: IKEA! Thomas: IKEA! Sophia: IKEA! (That rhymed. Hee.)  And...I'm spent.
    


	 
      Marten says he couldn't see my last entry, so I'm posting it again.  Marten, I see you have started Monstrous Regiment. Isn't it special? It has some sort of dark parts later on, but I liked it.   Return of the King was so awesome! I finally saw it yesterday. Eowyn kicked the Witch King's ass! Ha ha! I especially enjoyed the adaptation for film of the above line. I forget exactly how it went, but I remembered that part from the book, so while I was watching, I was like, "Say it... say it..." And Frodo and Sam had some very nice love scenes. And there were oliphaunts!   Thomas, were you gone because you had to return a Ring, or possibly because you joined the army, or possibly because you fell into a parallel dimension?     I know from sparrows to starlings. After that, everything's a duck, as far as I'm concerned.
    


	 
      Laugh at Soph, for she is out of a loop.  Few people at LC know, though.  I mean, conversations lead to it sometimes, but it seems weird to say to some people, hey, I have a girlfriend now!  Odd conversation starter, ya know? Props to Erin for an extremely long, extremely funny post.  It was so Random and out there, that I thought michael was writing it until i saw your name at the end.  Everybody check out the lobby! Its on the links, its my new journal site.   Hey, I have a girlfriend now!
    


	 
      Erin, thanks for showing Soph what a decent-lengthed, interesting post looks like.  I think you get extra lint for that.  Thomas, you recieve the shame hat tonight.  Rules of the shame hat: It is worn until you post a post with atleast a hundred DIFFERENT words.  It would have just been until you post, but Nate and Sophia made me add the qualifiers.  There are instances wherein you can not wear the hat, such as the shower or while eating or praying or while the National Anthem is being played.  But generally, wear the hat.  If Marten reports to me that you are not wearing the hat we will devise stronger punishments. Now, match-up time!  Results of the last match:  It was cancelled on account of rain and will be rescheduled to late 2005.  New match:  A super-intelligent toothpick vs Alex Trebeck's hair in a competition to see who can take over the world first.  The only rules are no Microsoft and no Easy Cheese. Now, onto business:     I have nothing to say.  Thank you
    


	 
      Yesterday was the most amazing day in the history of life in my house. I should have my own journal just so that I could write about it, but instead I'll write about it here.  It all began on Friday. Actually it began a few weeks ago when my grandmother brought over several pairs of underwear that were to big for her and thought that my mom might want them. She didn't. Fast-forward to Friday. Not having learned a single blessed thing and greatly overestimating my ass, Grandma brought over a pair of her underwear that were too small, thinking that I might want them. I don't. But my brother saw them and started teasing me about possibly keeping them. So, while he was in the shower, my mom prompted me to put them in his bed. I did so.  The next day at lunch, I asked if he had found them. Mom said yes, and he had put them on her head. He said that he'd found them at the foot of his bed. Mom told him that during the night they had been in his bed. "You slept with Grandma's underwear," she said. He immediately began to plot revenge.  That night, my mom discovered that all of her underpants were gone. Really gone. And in their place was an opera-ghost-like note declaring that there was no point in asking where they had gone, for revenge had begun so beware, etc.   Conveniently, my brother was in the shower again. He wouldn't say where the underwear had gone. While I combed the house, my mom turned on hot water in all the faucets hoping to give him a very cold shower. When she realized this would take too long, she filled a cup with ice cold water and poured it into the shower and onto the little miscreant's head. Still, he would not speak. So mom took all the towels out of the bathroom.  A moment later she realized that his pajamas were still in there, but by then he had locked the door. At first she tried to pick the lock with a bobby pin, but then we broke out the heavy machinery and removed the doorknob.   For some reason this didn't work, and by now the boy was out of the shower. Still no sign of the underwear. That was when he informed me that I hadn't even found out what revenge he had wreaked on me yet. I went into my room to discover what he had done.  The worst thing possible was that he had messed with my notebooks or folders or papers that are scattered about my room. He didn't do that. But he did do the second worst thing. He took my teddy bear. If you've ever been in my room, which none of you have, you'll know that I have several stuffed animals. But there is only one that matters. He is the definitive childhood teddy bear. And he was gone. I looked through the house again, but he was nowhere to be found.    About fifteen minutes passed. My mom couldn't get the knob back on the door until my brother unlocked it. He couldn't unlock it until the doorknob was back on. So, finally, he held his side of the knob in place while mom replaced her end and he unlocked the door. Then he went to hide behind the shower curtain because he was still naked. Bad move. And he still wouldn't reveal the location of the stolen things. Worse move. We took his pajamas.  Altogether, I would say that my brother was in the bathroom for about two hours last night. After his pajamas were gone, he refused to come out. We said we would give his pajamas back when he told us where our stuff was. He said he would tell us where our stuff was when he had his pajamas back. It was a standoff.   For me, it had stopped being so much fun when Teddy went missing. I suspect that my brother wouldn't hesitate to destroy the bear if he was upset enough. My mother gave up and we into her room to watch TV, waiting for him to streak across the hall. I sat in the hall and watched the door menacingly, preparing to shoot him when he emerged like I was Natalie Portman and he was a Yankee soldier threatening the safety of the World's Largest Baby.   After awhile I realized this was impossible because I had no rifle, so I went into his room again to search. This time I was successful. He had put my poor bear into his bass drum. He had played his damn drum set while poor Teddy was inside! I dismantled the front of the drum and rescued my teddy bear. Mom's underwear was still missing. Mom told me to leave the front of the drum dismantled.   After a few more minutes, Mom gave my brother his pajamas and told him to give her her underwear and he was grounded. When he realized she was serious, he did has he was told. It had been locked in a trunk in his closet.  And that, ladies and gentlemen, is the most exciting thing that has happened in my  house since I have lived there.  (Wow. Just like Sassy.)  Everybody, the Oscars are tonight, and if Renee Zellweger doesn't win, I want notes of consolation from all of you.    Tammy's testicle ad may compromise our ability to win this task.
    


	 
      WHOA!  YOU HAVE A GIRLFRIEND?!     Tammy's testicle ad may compromise our ability to win this task.
    


	 
      I had the weirdest day at the gun show.  A random redhead started talking to me, and I ended up with her address.  House address. She's an hour away, so calling would be expensive, and she doesn't have a computer.  So summing up. Random cute redhead gives marten, who has a girlfriend now for those who don't know, her address. I have to write letters now. I mean, what can I do? She's going to find me at the next event anyway, so I cant ignore her. Besides, she seemed cool, I don't want to be mean.  But Kaylee will definately be a subject of my first letter, so she doesn't get any ideas.  Tammy's testicle ad may compromise our ability to win this task.
    


	 
      Apologies to Nathan, I was  urlLink misinformed .  I just learned some very interesting information. Needless to say that Jonah and I will be having an abrupt conversation sometime very soon.  Also Happy Birthday  urlLink Deborah !  Also, JournalCon 2: Electric Boogaloo falls close enough to my birthday to warrant a party. Bring Presents. I will place a blessing upon the offspring of whoever can bring me  urlLink this . Or a reciept saying that it is shipping June 1st.  Shut up, Carrie. You don't want a baby. You want shoes.
    


	 
      lol running out of stupid band names.  Nurr.  Anyways, when do auditions start for the musical and what do you need to audition?  And, yes, I do think that these short posts get me off the hook.  Ha.  You lose.  Shut up, Carrie. You don't want a baby. You want shoes.
    


	 
      The LC Musical for 2004 is Sugar. Which LC did already in 1981. It's based on Some Like It Hot. It's a good choice because nothing says 'high school musical' like guys in drag.   Shut up, Carrie. You don't want a baby. You want shoes.
    


	 
      Nathan, so the answer is pretty much never? That's all I needed to know! Shut up, Carrie. You don't want a baby. You want shoes.
    


	 
      The LN blog will go online (and have a name) when I feel like it, If it happens at all.  That is all I actually have to say.  But since Jonah wants a long post, I will just type it again and again.  The LN blog will go online (and have a name) when I feel like it, If it happens at all.  That is all I actually have to say.  But since Jonah wants a long post, I will just type it again and again.  The LN blog will go online (Give Nathan money) when I feel like it, If it happens at all.  That is all I actually have to say.  But since Jonah wants a long post, I will just type it again and again.The LN blog will go online (and have a name) when I feel like it, If it happens at all.  That is all I actually have to say.  But since Jonah wants a long post, I will just type it again and again.  The LN blog will go online (and have a name) when I feel like it, If it happens at all.  That is all I actually have to say.  But since Jonah wants a long post, I will just type it again and again.  The LN blog will go online (Sophia take off your clothes) when I feel like it, If it happens at all.  That is all I actually have to say.  But since Jonah wants a long post, I will just type it again and again.  The LN blog will go online (and have a name) when I feel like it, If it happens at all.  That is all I actually have to say.  But since Jonah wants a long post, I will just type it again and again.  The LN blog will go online (and have a name) when I feel like it, If it happens at all.  That is all I actually have to say.  But since Jonah wants a long post, I will just type it again and again.  The LN blog will go online (Nathan is Sexy) when I feel like it, If it happens at all.  That is all I actually have to say.  But since Jonah wants a long post, I will just type it again and again.  The LN blog will go online (and have a name) when I feel like it, If it happens at all.  That is all I actually have to say.  But since Jonah wants a long post, I will just type it again and again.  The LN blog will go online (and have a name) when I feel like it, If it happens at all.  That is all I actually have to say.  But since Jonah wants a long post, I will just type it again and again.  The LN blog will go online (and have a name) when I feel like it, If it happens at all.  That is all I actually have to say.  But since Jonah wants a long post, I will just type it again and again.  The LN blog will go online (and have a name) when I feel like it, If it happens at all.  That is all I actually have to say.  But since Jonah wants a long post, I will just type it again and again.  The LN blog will go online (and have a name) when I feel like it, If it happens at all.  That is all I actually have to say.  But since Jonah wants a long post, I will just type it again and again.  Is that long enough, Jonah?  I hope so.  I can only copy & Paste so long, you know. 
    


	 
      Props to Alex Richmond.  I did win a cough drop! It was wonderful. It tasted good and healed my raw and achy throat. It was like that thing that Galadriel gave Frodo in the Fellowship of the rings.  The Title refers to the unveiling of the new template, seen below. Isn't it hilarious! Shut up, Carrie. You don't want a baby. You want shoes.
    


	 
      Or rather, of Marten, who won the quarter.  Michael got the cough drop and Erin, the next time I see her, will be awarded the lint.  Sophia and Nathan get imaginary cookies.  Thomas, however, has not posted and will recieve the hat of shame.  This is a paper hat that says  SHAME  on it in big black letters.  Now, Match up time. I put a lot of thought into the last match-up and decided that Stephen Sondheim, as a composer, might get distracted by the pitch and rythm of the little "bloop" noises and lose.  The pitbull, however, as a pitbull, has no opposable thumbs and isn't tall enough to reach the controls, so old Steve only has to hit the ball once.  Winner: Stephen Sondheim.  Next:  Claire Danes VS Natalie Portman in a waffle-eating contest.  Only the catch is that they are also riding on unicycles, and to win, one must eat the most waffles  and  survive the obstacle course without falling off of the unicycle.  Claire Danes is equipped with an industrial strength vacuum cleaner, and Natalie Portman has a huge autographed picture of the pope.  So, now, to business.  Michael - I am intrigued.  What does this bandwagon jumping entail?  Just that comic, or perhaps others?  Nate and Soph - Do you think those little short posts get you off the hook?  I want real posts or you'll all be wearing SHAME accessories.  (Personal Note: Must find a way to keep SHAME gear from becoming fashionable.) Marten- Today is the day I abuse an admin power.   But you also find yourself saying 'Natalie, if you screw that up again I'll set you on fire.'
    


	 
      Darn you, Nathan and your inability to read prior posts! (Although I did notice you posted at 6 AM...) I have to ask all my questions again! Okay...Here Goes...  When is the blog going online? What is the name of the blog?  Is it going to be like Alias, where we refer to it as 'the LN Blog' until Nathan decides to title?  Who is Joining the LN Blog?  Is Nathan going to be administrator?  Are the Comstocks leaving Compendium?  Is Marten Joining?  If Marten is joining can I join?   Answers would be appreciated!  But you also find yourself saying 'Natalie, if you screw that up again I'll set you on fire.'
    


	 
      Number one reason I haven't been posting lately: Eighteen hour show choir competition.  It was really fun, though.  There was breakdancing and everything.   But I have had no sleep.  I require sleep to post.  Or at least I thought I did.  But apparently not.  Anyway, since then I can't stop dancing.  Whenever I hear a song I choreograph it in my head.  I think I may be turning into Micheal Humphrey.   Marten, does Kaylee read this blog?  It's just something I'd like to know.  But you also find yourself saying 'Natalie, if you screw that up again I'll set you on fire.'
    


	 
      When Omar G., the Smallville recapper, writes webcomics, that will be the day that I jump on the bandwagon.  Day Michael Jumped on the Bandwagon -  urlLink Today   Incidentially this is the only quote from "The West Wing" that contains the word 'monkey'. Just FYI.  Erin - One 'G' in 'Zellweger'. Also there is a link to Corndog on the homepage. Go  urlLink there . Or skip the middleman and go  urlLink here .  But you also find yourself saying 'Natalie, if you screw that up again I'll set you on fire.'
    


	 
      Yo.  Word.  Fo' Shizzle.  lol okay, sorry.  I'm okay.  I'm posting...yay!  I'm alive!  I've been reading...just too lazy to actually WRITE.  You know how it is, I'm sure.  So there you are!  But you also find yourself saying 'Natalie, if you screw that up again I'll set you on fire.'
    


	 
      Um... not much is going on in my life. But I'm posting, for it has been commanded. I saw Cold Mountain. Renee Zellwegger kicked ass and earned all the awards she has won and/or will win on Sunday, Nicole Kidman was pretty and sad, Jude Law was sad and died, and Natalie Portman made a stirring appearance as the widowed and lonely mother of the world's largest baby. (It looked about half the size she is, probably partly 'cause she's so small.) She cried and then was almost raped and then shot a guy. Hooray. Jude Law is cute but not so much so with a beard. That's about all I have to say about that.  LC Players sucks. More on this later.  If I'm going to read The Other Side of the Corndog, or whatever it's called, somebody has to tell me exactly what it is. Either no one's ever said or I've missed it somewhere.  But you also find yourself saying 'Natalie, if you screw that up again I'll set you on fire.'
    


	 
      Props to Jonah for  urlLink jumping up and down on my already weak argument against euchre until it folded like a cheap card table   Yes the title is kind of a blatant attempt to  urlLink pimp    urlLink out   urlLink my   urlLink site . But it's also a query for information regarding the LN blog. I've got a bit of curiosity about this and a few concerns.  What is the name of the blog? Is it going to be like Alias, where we refer to it as 'the LN Blog' until Nathan decides to title? Who is Joining the LN Blog? Is Nathan going to be admin? Are the Comstocks leaving Compendium? Is Marten Joining? If Marten is joining can I join?  When you get around to it, information about this would be greatly appreciated  But you also find yourself saying 'Natalie, if you screw that up again I'll set you on fire.'
    


	 
      I'm betting on Steve, as rabid pittbulls suck at pong. It might win at a game of snood, however.   Michael, you are disqualified from the jonah's pocket sweepstakes because you had been posting.  That means I get all the lint, the loot, and everything else at youth group.   I must appologize for the cuelty of my parents.  If it makes you feel better, I'm at my computer unable to work on my report because of my dad's horrible guitar playing.  You try and think with this racket.  Jonah, I don't understand the new scheme.  Everyone else, post, for the Admin. commands it. So the rest of you are also Admin.s, but I am the origional. It's like vampires. I'm the Admin. King. But thats about it. I have nothing else to say. Except that I took Kaylee out to see Tech's Faculty musical! Well, technically my dad took us, as well as my sisters, but we had fun anyway. More on this later, probably in the lobby(check the new links)  There are times for breaking down, and then there are times to get Funky. This is one ofthose Funky times
    


	 
      Jonah, you owe me the current contents of your pocket.  I've seen all the movies nominated for best picture at the Acadamy Awards this year! Ranked in Order from best to worst:  Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King Mystic River Lost in Translation Seabiscuit Master and Commander: The Far Side of the World  I really don't have much to say, except I have to go see Miracle because  Jonah has a work ethic and Marten's parents are unsympathetic to my plight of having to go see a cheesy inspirational sports movie.  I'm done. Check out the new links! -> But you also find yourself saying 'Natalie, if you screw that up again I'll set you on fire.'
    


	 
      It's 10:06 and I have to be at school at 6:30 tomorrow morning, but for the love of the blog, I'm posting anyway!  Let this be an example to you all.  Anyway... Match up time.  The monkey was eliminated after it starved to death out of fear of eating the wrong bananas.  Patrick Moore tried to use his Xylophone skills to make the dancing Martians attack, but they were to caught up watching Lardman dance.  Meanwhile, the snake bit Patrick, the badgers out-danced Lardman and shamed him out of the cage, and the mushrooms ate the aliens.  This seemed like a shoe-in for the badger-mushroom-snake team, but the wrong bananas themselves came out of nowhere and defeated them, which goes to show you that you can't underestimate a banana (a recurring theme in my work, as  Corndog  readers can testify to.  Next match-up:  A single game of the original Pong between Steven Sondheim and a rabid pittbull.  So, in other news, I finally saw  Camp! .  If you haven't seen it yet you don't know what you're missing.  Sexual confusion, musical numbers, and big-hair are just a few reasons.  Also the randomly appearing main title which is sometimes backwards. I'm going to a speech meet tomorrow to compete in Poetry.   I swore I would never do that again, because the only poems I do are humorous, whereas the only poems that place are written by 7-year-olds with cancer about life in Auschwitz.  And if you've got a poem like that (and 90% of them do, 70% probably have the same cancer-holocaust poem) who needs talent?  Meanwhile, the three of us out to prove that it doesn't have to be depressing to be poetry get consistently creamed.  Ah well.  Btw, I'd encourage you all to head down to Michael's new site and post more comments that disagree with him about Euchre, but first - POST HERE!!! As in incentive, the next person to post will get a quarter or a cough drop or a piece of lint or something the next time I see them.  For FREE.  It's the smell of freedom... and the chemicals with which they treat your dashboard.  P.S. Isn't it weird that the Blogger spell check doesn't know the word Blog?
    


	 
      Tomorrow is the sixth month anniversary of the first entry at Tales from the Other Side of the Corndog. I just felt that should be pointed out. Let me be the first to extend Jonah congratulations on six months of hilarity, Norwegians and cod analogies. May there be many, many more.  Jonah also has been busy elsewhere as he has taken over my old site, which has moved to a new address  urlLink here  I wish he would have come up with something less obvious than changing one word in the title, but hey, what can you do...  Incidentially, because I know that this is going to come up, I am posting at the same rate that I normally do. You are all just posting dramatically less. Just wanted to point that out so that we don't have another "You're taking over the blog!" controversy. Just for the record: Marten last posted 11 February, Erin last posted 15 February, Sophia last posted 15 February, Nathan last posted 16 February, and Jonah last posted 10 February. Basically I'm saying post more! I'm bored and lonely here!  It's the smell of freedom... and the chemicals they treat your dashboard with.
    


	 
      Yay! It's my "States I've Visted" map!      urlLink create your own visited states map   or  urlLink write about it on the open travel guide   It's the smell of freedom... and the chemicals they treat your dashboard with.
    


	 
      I have big news.  I'm moving What Kind of Day Has it Been to a new host.  I'm going to keep the archives up here at blogspot, but I'm moving the Journal part of the site to SquareSpace, where you will get to access a special section of the website. Cool, huh? But the journal is prettier and I like it a whole lot better.  I'm just going to blog right here from Compendium for daily crap.  I'd like to remind you of this. My site is very nice, and you might enjoy it, But you could be having sex with Yoko Ono right now!  ETA: Journal is  urlLink here 
    


	 
      I'm happy again! I'm happy again! I got the Angels in America soundtrack and a new game for PS2 so I am happy! And I'm also evil too! So I'm taking large amounts of Schadenfreude in Nathan's unfortunate haircut. And now I'm going to go sit in the basement, play video games and wait to be hit with the massive amount of inevitable Karmic backlash coming my way.  ETA: Erin read  urlLink this  It's the recap of the episode of ER where Romano's arm got chopped off. And it's HILARIOUS! But you could be having sex with Yoko Ono right now!
    


	 
      My haircut sucks.  The woman cut off way to much and now I have androgynous 80's hair.  I'm not in the best mood ever.  Also, I'm going back to my old title scheme with slight modification.  Songs from musicals, names of musicals, and quotes from musicals.  It will not change again. And the good news.  This is the last braces wire I'll ever wear!  April 7th they come off for good! JournalCon was fun, but you could be having sex with Yoko Ono right now!  And compared to that....  I still prefer JournalCon.  Definately.
    


	 
      Today blew. First of all it was laundry day. Secondly just as we were planning what to do today, Tim came up and started horking all over everything. So now Tim has the flu, I'm bored the hell out of my mind and I just realized I missed The Simpsons.   ETA: Then I watched Alias and was happy again. Then I was sad and depressed afterwards. Now I'm kind of happy because I had pancakes for breakfast! "Guess what Flappy! I'm not going to kill you yet!" And Tim isn't sick anymore! So we're going  downtown !   Erin - The whole Chicago, Chicago, Toronto thing isn't bothersome online. It's when Marten proceeds to...cackle it continuously that it grates on my nerves.  Marten - Please remove your crap from my house.  But you could be having sex with Yoko Ono right now!
    


	 
      lol woo hoo! I'm going to be 16 in less than...uhhh...5 hours!  Yayness!  Happy birthday to MEEEE.  Sorry guys.  And i'm really sorry about JournalCon...it sounded like a lot of fun.  :(.  I went out to dinner with my dad for my birthday.  It was nice.  But you guys are nice, too.  :( :( :D lol, I'm confused about my smileys.  :D  But you could be having sex with Yoko Ono right now!
    


	 
      I only pressed post, not post and publish with that last entry, and I want to make sure it gets up, so I'm posting it again. Sorry for the inconvenience.  JournalCon was fun. Even though I only sat through two episodes of Sports Night. And wasn't really paying attention to them, but rather to the journal of Anakin Skywalker, which was, well... wizard.  And let me be the first person to annoy Michael and say...  "Chicago Chicago Chicago Chicago Chicago TORONTO!"   But you could be having sex with Yoko Ono right now!
    


	 
      JournalCon was fun. Next time it'll be a day thing as sleep didn't work out well. However massive props to all of you for sitting through Season One of Sports Night.  LOST & FOUND: Marten, you forgot your games and your memory card. Did anyone forget a stick of deodorant?  That was fun. We really need to do it again sometime. Season Two is waiting...  But you could be having sex with Yoko Ono right now!
    


	 
      Alternate Title: Today's the Day! The Sun is shining, the tank is clean and we are getting--the tank is clean! THE TANK IS CLEAN!  Sophia can't come. Sad. However she did get to wear a hilarious wig on LC Current so all is good.  I really don't know what I'm doing here except to trumpet "JOURNALCON!"   Edited to add: I remember what I wanted to say. I may be downstairs in the basement when y'all arrive. If I don't respond to the doorbell walk around back down the sidewalk, down the steps and into the back yard. I'll be there, and the door will be unlocked  Hopefully, Y'all check before you come!
    


	 
      I've gotten confirmation from Thomas and almost confirmation from Erin. However Thomas does not lend his name to a semi-hilarious Sports Night reference, Ergo "Erin's Coming, Hide Your Heart Girl.  JournalCon. Tomorrow at Six. Michael's House. E-mail me  urlLink here   for additional information and stuff.  PS I have  Chicago . And by the way movies and stuff need to be italicized 'cause I thought Marten wanted to go to Chicago for a JournalCon, which would be...easy, now that I know the secret entrance (Stony Island Avenue!) but expensive to say the least.   However it would be cool...  History is about to crack wide open. Millennium Approaches.
    


	 
      Huzzah! New schemes, and journalcon is finally happening.  Chicago is a must at some point. For some reason I still don't own it.  I also must show those of you who are familiar with Triangle and Robert, namely Nathan and Jonah, my new parody.  I got bored in math and started drawing polygons, and it turned into an alternate T&R universe.  Enter: Thomas and Rhombus.  Its not just a crappy hack of the origional, Ive got interesting ideas, it works. just read it.  Its wacky and absurd in a whole new sense of the word(s).  I don't like Phillipy.  I do like showing him up with well done assignments.  The battle continues.  History is a giant crack.   Sorry, I couldn't help myself 
    


	 
      At the suggestion of Michael, my new title scheme is animal group names.  When I run out, 'll make them up.  The winner of the last match-up is Mary Poppins, which is surprising insofaras she wasn't a competitor.  See, Larry ate his mount and his lance, and Helen Keller headed off in the wrong direction.  Neither of them really won, so Mary Poppins was declared the winner by default, as was laid out in the original plan. The New match-up: Who would win in a steel cage death match between Patrick Moore (with Xylophone), a badger (with mushroom and optional snake), a monkey (with the wrong bananas), and Lardman (whose life is an exciting adventure). Feel free to post comments on how the match might play out or comments to the effect of "You are a silly English Kee-Niggit!"  For Research:  urlLink www.weebls-stuff.com  and  urlLink Rather Good   Journalcon will be Bizzawesome I am sure, and I will be there with or without bells on, probably without.   Those of you who are not reading  urlLink Tales from the Other Side of the Corndog  are doing yourselves a disservice. Or atleast doing me a disservice.  Anyway, Erin atleast understands the importance of feedback for good writing, so read and post please.  History is about to crack wide open. Hold on to something.
    


	 
      Okay. Here's the plan for JournalCon. Everyone arrive at 6:00. We'll eat pizza (by the way my parents won't be home for some of the time, that does not mean that drinking or other badnesses are allowed) I'm hoping to finish season one of Sports Night. That is my goal, however if you are all bored, we can do other stuff. People need to bring snacks. Erin (if she comes) and Sophia will leave by 11:00 (at my parents behest) and we'll...do stuff. The Comstocks are coming around 9:00 so we'll watch Joan of Arcadia then.  Now I know that Erin, Thomas, Sophia and Nathan are unfamiliar with Sports Night so I have compiled a quickie "previously on" segment  Previously on Sports Night: Casey and Dan were Anchors, Dana was Producer, Natalie was Executive Producer, Issac was managing editor, Jeremy was...something else, Sally was the skanky ho who ran the 2:00 update. Here's where it gets complicated...Casey loves Dana, who is in love with Gordon. Natalie is hellbent on getting Dana and Casey together, however Dana is uninterested because she doesn't think that Casey is really interested in her. Natalie liked Jeremy and they were really cute together. Natalie got sexually assualted by a football player and the crew worried about the fallout, which never came.  Now I also know that Jonah, Nathan, Sophia, and Thomas are unfamiliar with Joan of Arcadia so I have compiled another "previously on" segment here  Previously on Joan of Arcadia: The Girardi family picked up and moved to the titular town of Arcadia, Maryland. Joan talked to God, who appeared to Joan in different (and frequently hilarious) forms, befriended Adam, an artist, and Grace, the militant...I don't know how else to describe her. The dad, Will, was a police chief, the mom, Helen, was a secretary at the school. The older brother, Kevin, was a baseball player who was injured in a car accident resulting in his being in a wheelchair. The Youngest child, Luke is a geeky kid who really reminds me of the Comstocks. Adam's Mom had died. God told Joan to do random stuff, which would benefit somebody in someway (a friend, a child, a teacher etc...) One of these things was to keep one of Adam's (the Artist's) sculptures out of the school art fair, she had a 'failure of imaginiation' and ended up smashing the sculpture with a chair. This worked out badly, as Adam came in just as she did this. So Adam and Joan had a falling out. Eventually Joan and Adam made up after Helen befriended Adam and Grace Helen and Joan intervened and helped Adam read his mom's suicide note, which was pleasant and left good ripples. So Adam and Joan kissed and the world went 'SQUEE!'. Also Grace and Luke kissed at a dance then worked together on the science fair, leading to a really cool Goldbergian sequence of events that lead to the previously mentioned kissing. So they're kind of together. Kevin got a job at a newspaper which lead to him making out with his boss, Rebecca (who is Sydney Poitier's daughter). Will discovered massive corruption at the city level and squealed to the FBI which lead to the dissolution (I think that's a word) of the Police Department. So now he's a Detective and the man who provided the information is the new police chief. Whew!  Come at Six, Girls leave at Eleven, Guys leave whenever the next day.  History is about to crack wide open. Millennium Approaches.
    


	 
      Okay, I'm starting to think that we need to get Sophia a massive Thorazine drip. I'm sorry I missed the thespian play, I was in Chicago and I got brochures out the wazoo. However, I would enjoy watching it on video. Ha! Bwah Ha Ha Ha! Even  I  didn't believe that! I really don't have anything to say except that I'm blogging from the school library where there has been no appearance of the Killjoy. Thankfully. Hey! Look! It's an actual class coming in to do actual research in the actual library. You know we have about ten computer labs why don't teachers take advantage of those? By the way, links probably won't be up for a while, because I don't care that much.   History is about to crack wide open. Millennium Approaches.
    


	 
      Hmm...wonder why I hadn't thought of that before.  Oh well.  Anyways, I'm SUPER hyper, as I'm sure Nathan could ((uhhh...shoot...what's the word...)) tell.  Um, yeah.  So I'm alive, too, and just thought you might care to know that.  Oh, and the play last night wasn't THAT bad.  It was kinda funny.   On the scary side of funny.  haha.  ::shriek::  That kind of funny.  :D  AAAAAGGGGGGGHHHHH!!!!  IIIIITTTTTCCCCCHHHHHH!!!!     History is about to crack wide open. Millennium Approaches.
    


	 
      It's all Sturm's fault! He said Macbeth first!  History is about to crack wide open. Millennium Approaches.  
    


	 
      Thats it. everyone has admin powers.  Abuse them and the blog falls.    The vegetable must be destroyed!
    


	 
      Repairs are underway here at Compendium! I've disabled links and comments to make the page less bulky and easier to load. They will be back up after I get back from Chicago. 
    


	 
      Not going to be announced yet.  Just popping in to say I am alive and I want to keep you in suspense a little longer.  BWA-HA-HA-HA!!!!   The vegetable must NOT be destroyed!
    


	 
      Great Job, Nathan. You might as well have just said MacBeth! Also LNTV? Is that like announcements? Because that would just be mean. Also because it bears repeating,  Start Your Own Blog.   In unrelated news, Break A Leg, Erin! And Massive Props to Marten!  In a completely unsurprising twist the italicization of the blog can be attributed to one Marten "Glutenous Polypeptide" Dollenger. See my post "I am on my way. When I am manifest, our work begins..." wasn't italicized when I posted it. But it was after Marten posted his silly post. So it's all Marten's fault.  Also Comments are down until I get back from Chicago. Sorry!   
    


	 
      The new title scheme is in, it is science fiction quotes.  Which means mostly Star Wars, Trek, Gate and really good Babylon 5 or Farscape or some even more obscure show.  Musical songs was getting tedious. I want admin powers.  If you give me admin powers, I will give you chocolate.  if you don't, I will kill this innocent little llama.  The choice is yours. There is now one major male part in the musical left to assign, and three guys left without parts.  The other two are both dancers who can't act (or, in Micheal's[not you!] case, sing).  Which means, most likely, Chad will get two parts.  Barring that, I probably have it, but I really wish she'd announce it soon.   I have decided not to do choir next year.  I'm probably going to take LNTV instead. Good luck tonight to Marten and Erin.  Nothing else to say. The vegetable must be destroyed!  Cast it into the garden in which it was grown! 
    


	 
      I unitalicized the thing. Even with Marten gone it's just nice having somebody else with admin access. And by the way Thomas, Sophia and Erin do too.   Absolute Power Absolutely Corrupts.  The vegetable must be destroyed!
    


	 
      I couldn't help meself, It really was Michael. I don't know how he did it.  I wont have many updates, because of said play.  That is all.  Now back to you're regularly scheduled blogging.    The vegetable must be destroyed! 
    


	 
      I don't anticipate many updates this week, so I'm just going to have to be clever and write posts so the awful italics (all M ichael 's fault, despite what he says. All his fault, people) will go away.  I am totally in love with Tony Kushner's "Angels in America". It's a play about people, all of them flawed, living in America and either dealing with AIDS and Homosexuality on a first hand level. But despite some...bizarre content (angel sex. which is a lot creepier than it may sound. Even if the angel does look like Emma Thompson) the writing is beautiful and the play is sweeping and epic. And the angel is really cool.  I'm seeing Designing Murder* on Thursday. Is it anything like Designing Women? Is it about several white southern women who have hilarious misadventures in a large house in Atlanta? Cause that would be cool.  *Yes I know, It's "Design For Murder", but for the sake of the joke...
    


	 
      Wow.  urlLink This  has to be embarrassing (The link is PG-13, yo. Don't be looking at school.)
    


	 
      Erin I'd like to start out by saying 'Bitch, that giftcard's mine!' But seriously people, I am coming to see the play. Friday and Saturday, I will be at the Chicago Inter-Continental Hotel for the Chicago Auto Show. Which totally ROCKS! So anyway Jonah, Charissa and I will be there Thursday Night.  Also Bingbing Chu? Really?  And Erin I'm sorry for the first line, I said it in jest, please don't hurt me.   The vegetable must be destroyed! 
    


	 
      Okay, that last post was short just so that I'd win in the contest I had going with Marten over who could post that tickets were on sale first. As far as further information goes, they are 6 and 8 dollars at the LC box office. If you buy them on Tuesday you get entered in a raffle to win a hundred dollar Simon Mall gift certificate.  Design for Murder kicks ass. It has murder and intrigue and peope oozing sex and me in a wig. It's really a good play, which is why we blew everyone else out of the water at regionals yesterday.  I don't want to comment on the other plays there. That would make me sad. Except to say that the straight version of the Scarlet Pimpernel was the worst one, and one of the people in the cast wore tennis shoes. In Cheaper By the Dozen almost everyone wore no shoes. And the name of one of the chorus girls in Little Shop was Bingbing Chu. I am not making this up.    Stop Kemps, We're Playing Euchre! 
    


	 
      Tickets for the Thespian play are now on sale!  Stop Kemps, We're Playing Euchre! 
    


	 
      Got back from Thespian regional conference last night.  To sum it up, everybody sucked but us, with the exception of Why Do We Laugh, and the dentist's pants in Little shop of Horrors. I'll leave the rest of the actual plays to Erin. I signed up for an Improv workshop, which would be more fun if almost everyone didn't suck at it. Questions only was fun, though, I wiped the floor with those would-be Inquisitors.     Michael -When did you see the books?  Did you see my  The Almost Complete Works of ?   Nate -We don't constantly talk of lc teachers. I just described him, anyway, rather than just throwing him i a post expecting you to know about him.  And I'm with Michael on the matter of recruitment, we have plenty of bloggers.  Maybe you should start a mostly LN blog.  Only you, Jonah and I even know Tyler and Paul, so you could be admin to a sort of sister blog to Compendium. An affiliate, if you will.    Everyone -Buy tickets for Design for murder! Its good! details from erin, cuz she already posted it!  The vegetable must be destroyed! 
    


	 
      I actually don't care one way or another.  It just seems kinda pointless.  I don't know if she'd even want to be on.  It came with a matching tie, using a liberal definition of the term "matching" They're both made of fabric? Pretty much.
    


	 
      Today is Ewan McGregor's birthday! Yay!  Irrelevant spoiler of the day: Palpatine is the Phantom Menace! I know, you never saw it coming. But, you see, all of the dark side stuff and the crumbling of the Republic-- he engineered all of that. It was all part of his plan! He is Darth Sidious! And since he is menacing the Republic and no one knows it's him... that makes him... the Phantom Menace! Sio Bibble was a pretty good red herring, though. Next time: Anakin is WHO?  It came with a matching tie, using a liberal definition of the term "matching" They're both made of fabric? Pretty much.
    


	 
      Wow, in all the excitement of my last post it seems that I forgot completely about the irrelevant spoiler of the day! Let me amend that now.  Who is the father of Padme's twins? Well, Threepio and Artoo were eliminated for technical reasons, although they couldn't quite understand why. To Padme's dismayed surprise, Master Yoda bowed out citing that he was a different species, although he would not disclose any further specifics. Then, after Padme had spent some time counting backwards on her fingers, Mace and the coffee guy were also eliminated. The coffee guy ran from the room in tears. Count Dooku left quietly because, let's face it, he's about eighty and he didn't want to face this kind of embarrassment. Palpatine soon followed suit. This left Anakin, Obi-Wan, Captain Typho, and George Lucas. Captain Typho was eliminated when the handmaiden Dorme jealously stepped forward and spat, "He was with ME that night." Obi-Wan and Anakin then engaged one another in a duel, while George looked on and laughed maniacally. Just when it seemed that this might go on forever, the paternity test results came back. They revealed that the father was, indeed, Anakin Skywalker. He enthusiastically embraced his wife, while over his shoulder, she and George exchanged a wink. Everything was going as planned... Next time: So, just who IS the Phantom Menace?   It came with a matching tie, using a liberal definition of the term "matching" They're both made of fabric? Pretty much.
    


	 
      Friday Five (Couldn't get on to do it yesterday.)  1. What was the last TV show you watched? Thomas-- Sadly enough, Everybody Loves Raymond.' Michael -- Wonderfalls, happily enough. Erin-- The last entire TV show I watched was Will and Grace on Thursday night, although I've channel surfed since then. Marten:Alias. don't watch much else, sunday is about the only time i have for tv Jonah: The People's Court (I'd never watched it before, but we didn't have cable in Florida) Nathan:  Judging Amy.  First episode I've ever seen part of.  Had Armin Shimmerman in it. Sophia:  I honestly don't remember, Friends, probably.  2. What was the last thing you complained about? Thomas-- How much of a jackass John Trippi is Michael -- How Tim wouldn't let me play Grand Theft Auto longer Erin-- My brother's drums. I'm going to set them on fire. Marten: I was hungry Jonah:  The internet being down when we got back. Nathan: Jonah being on the gamecube Sophia:  sunburn  3. Who was the last person you complimented and what did you say? Thomas-- My mom. "This is really good Filet Mignon." Michael -- My mom. "You're so good at puzzles." Erin-- Michael. "That is funny," or something about his LOTR comedy. Marten: "Erin, you're awsome" Jonah:  One of my family members on a good pun.  It was a groan, but a complimentary kind of groan. Nathan: Jonah, for a well written Mad-lib. Sophia:  My friend Stevo..."You're a really cool guy..."  4. What was the last thing you threw away? Thomas-- A kleenex Michael -- The shredded remains of a twistie-tie Erin-- a post-it Marten:  Paper towels from cleaning my paintball gun. Jonah:  Pistachio nut shells Nathan: Guinea pig bedding Sophia:  Wow, Jonah, me too!!  Creepy!  5. What was the last website (besides this one) that you visited? Thomas-- www.nationstates.net Michael -- www.televisionwithoutpity.com Erin-- fanfiction.net Marten: similarminds.com Jonah:  Tales from the Other Side of the Corndog (I came here before the webcomics!) Nathan: Wigu (www.wigu.com) Sophia:  yahoo.com  It came with a matching tie, using a liberal definition of the term "matching" They're both made of fabric? Pretty much.
    


	 
      Except that it is.  Happy Spring Break everybody! Woohoo! I will see many of you at JournalCon 1.5: Hobbits Gone Wild. I can name it that if I want.  I got Wyrd Sisters back from Mrs. Grabill today after a long four or five-month absense! (The DaVinci Code is still out however... ) Also, Michael is reading The Light Fantastic! All in all, this is a big Discworld day for me.  I'm so excited about this spring break. Aside from doing nothing, I plan to do lots of things. But don't worry, they're things that basically amount to nothing. Like working on my senior year scrapbook and my Star Wars album (I hope to bring that on Tuesday to show off, 'cause it's pretty) and I plan to attmept my very first post on fanfiction.net. I'm going to fix up Dex's Diner and stick it up to test format. Plus I'm almost done with my Velma Kelly story. And I need to finish my Ani/Padme essay. And make some headway in "Surrender." But it's all okay, because I feel like I've got a good burst of creative energy going.  So everybody wish me luck! Yay!  It came with a matching tie, using a liberal definition of the term "matching" They're both made of fabric? Pretty much.
    


	 
      Condi Rice is  urlLink pissed . And when Condi Rice gets pissed, you better run for cover 'cause she's gonna blow some mo-fo's ass up, on the G!   Look out, Iran...  It came with a matching tie, using a liberal definition of the term "matching" They're both made of fabric? Pretty much.  
    


	 
      Woohoo, I'm Delivery Man!  I must only use my power for good.  This is going to be awsome, and I pity you losers who can't go.   So what is new for me?  I switched from chemistry to latin for next year.  Apparently I can't take chem unless I take algebra 2 at the same time.  I'm worried about latin, though.  It sounds like work, and I've already got a lot of that for AP.  I might still switch to etymology, but I don't know.  Latin seems interesting.  It came with a matching tie, using a liberal definition of the term "matching" They're both made of fabric? Pretty much.
    


	 
      As the title suggests, I'm pretty damned tired right now. I'm also posting here to announce details of JournalCon 1.5!  Where: My House. I'm not putting my address here. You've been there before, you know where it is. When: 12:00 on Tuesday March 30th, 2004 Why: To Snark and write a fan-fic send-up of Lord of the Rings Who: Any Blogger in Indianapolis and not Florida or the Caribbean.  Food Details: Either we can do pizza, or we can all give Marten $10 bucks and he can pick us up Panda Express. If anyone else likes that idea, IM me with your order. I recommend the Orange-Flavored Chicken. Drinks and snacks will be provided. Also: JournalCon 2: Electric Boogaloo is coming... The following is a preview of Sports Night: Season Two.  Dana: Stand there. I'm gonna sack you. Jeremy: Okay, I need just another moment of your time, then you can go back to being crazy.  Dana: My brother can beat up your brother. Natalie: My brother's a grad student in comparative literature. My mother could beat up my brother.  Dan: Honesty for Pixley!  Sam: Dana, I have been through alcohol, marriage and network television. If you want to kill me, you're gonna need some kryptonite.  Casey: I didn't do the bread. Dan: What'd you do? Casey: I did what I do, Dan, I did what I do. Dan: You screwed up your romantic life in front of fifth graders?  Casey: I could be like a blind detective, have my own TV show. Dana: You DO have your own TV show.  Isaac: Does the porn star know you're this much of a dork?  Isaac: The kid can't even walk yet. Why are we locking the medicine cabinet? Dana: Does he crawl? Isaac: Not up walls, no.  Natalie: "Jeremy, one day you'll see that my love for you isn't the product of liquor-induced mood swings and that I'm yours for the taking at your command and that the day I broke up with you is the most regrettable day of my life. " Jeremy: "Okay, but I broke up with you." Natalie: "I find you loathesome, and my hatred of you knows no bounds."  Dana: "That's right. My show is on. My show is on! My show is on! My show is ON!"  Casey: "...with revenge on their minds they welcome the Tigers to the house that Ruth built this evening." Dan: "Excuse me, Casey, but Ruth didn't build the house this evening, did he?" Casey: "No, Dan, and thank you very much for correcting my every mistake no matter how small, oh these many years." Dan: "What are friends for?" Casey: "To annoy the hell out of you?" Dan: "Exactly." Also, just a thing. Please restrict templates to one or two lines, otherwise it ends up awkward.  It came with a matching tie, using a liberal definition of the term "matching" They're both made of fabric? Pretty much.'
    


	 
      Branson, MO, is without a doubt the cheesiest city in the united states, possibly the world.  This makes it absolutely perfect for a National show choir competition.  I've come to the conclusion that when a person does show choir long enough, that huge cheesy smile becomes a permanent facial feature, and they can't turn it off.  And having 16 choirs worth of show choir people in one place for 4 days only compounds the problem. In all seriousness, though, it was really fun in a cheesy sort of way.  You know what else is true about show choirs?  They tend to attract their share of, shall we say, loose women.  I talked to a girl for maybe twenty minutes on Saturday before she tried to kiss me.  When I told her I had a girlfriend, she immediately moved over to Cristian, stealing him from one of her friends.  Yeah.  Truth be told, the nicest girl I met was a lesbian.  Despite all this, or maybe in part because of it, hanging out with the Chesterton girls was really fun. I also saw some amazing show choirs.  I won't bore you with details, except to say that the 2nd place group did all music by Journey and it rocked.  Also Kevin and Donald from Moby Dick were in the fourth place choir, and Kevin tried to show up the Ben Davis flip guy, but fell short.  Literally. We ended up getting 9th out of 16, which is really not bad for us.  Hip Street got 6th and won best tech crew, and Ben Davis got 2nd.  Ming Chan suprised everyone by getting best female performer, despite not having any solos or being featured in any way. More later when I have time.  It's good to be back.   By the way, if you want to see our shows, we're doing them for the last time ever on Wednesday at 7:00.  Price is $2.00.  It came with a matching tie, using a liberal definition of the term "matching" They're both made of fabric? Pretty much.  
    


	 
      Haha, John Dimmick!  I know him!  I drove to choir with him in...8th grade?  I think?  So about this board, I get to be an administrator!  Yay!  I have no idea what to do or what kind of stuff I'd be expected to do, but I can assure you that I will do this to the best of my ability.  :D  And I ALSO get to be a girl.  Wow.  I'm so honored.  And now I think I'll go shower...although you probably don't care.  Oh well.  Au Revoir, amigos...  The sky is pink and it's raining turkeys; what more do you need?!
    


	 
      Props to John Dimmick for a really really good idea that I totally just stole.  I'd like to start off by saying that this post is a completely new post on a completely different day and with Marten, Thomas and Nathan out of town, it may seem like I'm posting a lot and if you're offended by this...well...bite me. The juniors (in Inter-disc) at LN have created a board to discuss...stuff. School, Current Events, Homework and other things. It's a really good idea, and now, for the first time ever, I present to you  urlLink THE LC INTER-DISC/AP BOARD ! Or LCIDAPB! No actually that's a really sucky acronym. But I really, really need your help. Tell everyone who's going to be in either Inter-Disc English/US History or AP English/US History to come here and debate and chat and stuff. By the way, Marten and Thomas are my official mods. Sophia, by virtue of being a girl gets to be a girl. No wait, Sophia gets to be the other admin.  The Great Work Begins...  The sky is pink and it's raining turkeys; what more do you need?! (

20,March,2004


	 
      I love Orange-Flavored Chicken. I am officially going to marry Panda Express. Or at least buy stock in them. I saw Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, which was weird for the sake of being weird. But good. It was nice. That was a joke you would find funnier if you saw the movie. Only one Caveat emptor: the movie, despite the presence of Jim Carrey isn't terribly funny. It's funny at times. Just don't go in expecting massive hilarity, because there's not much there. However do go in with the idea that somewhere around the 1:30 mark, you're going to see Kirsten Dunst in her panties. So it's still totally worth nine bucks.  Also I added a Site Meter. How many times can six people visit the same site? ' I'm gonna find out if it kills me, dammit! The sky is pink and it's raining turkeys; what more do you need?!
    

19,March,2004


	 
      Damned hypothetical questions! I've got nothing at this point.  If you...  1. ...owned a restaurant, what kind of food would you serve? Sophia:  probably something super-random...like tacos and ice cream!  [Actually, there's a place that sells tacos and ice cream at 86th & the Monon Trail in Nora. True Story --Michael]  Michael:  It'd be Mediterranian cusine -- Tapas, Hummus, Pizza, Gyros and...whatever they eat in Croatia  Jonah: Bagel sandwiches.  It'd be like Subway meets Einstien Bros. Marten: I'd open a bar. Maybe a cafe. Nathan: Fondu! 2. ...owned a small store, what kind of merchandise would you sell? Sophia:  Books.  My personal favorites.  :D Michael:  Records, like in High Fidelity. Jonah:  Stuff like they sell at Spencer Gifts, only slightly more clean. Marten:Odd but useful inventions, like toilet seat warmers and icecream scoop heaters. Nathan: I'd specialize in out of print or discontinued merchandise, for a horribly inflated price. 3. ...wrote a book, what genre would it be? Sophia:  Probably a criminal psychology book...about the reason people kill or something. Michael:  Sex Education...for virginal adults! Jonah:   Whatever the toaster story is or else speculative fiction. Marten: Satire and odd fantasy Nathan: Sci-Fi, disguised as reference 4. ...ran a school, what would you teach? Sophia:  Psychology. Michael:  Martial Arts and Bagpipe Lessons Jonah:  Free thinking - Kinda like Dead Poet Society Marten: I'd help Jonah Nathan: World Domination. Then when one of my pupils succeeded I'd be in his favor.  Or he'd kill me so I could teach no one else.  It's all good.  5. ...recorded an album, what kind of music would be on it? Sophia:  Yeah, like I know that.  Probably some stuff from musicals or something. Michael:  Really Bad Music. Jonah:  Some musical stuff, some classic rock, some Christian Rock, some instrumental jazz and a few original compositions. Marten: Jonah, you keep stealing mine! I'll add video game music to that list Nathan: Something totally new.  Something that cannot be defined by an existing style, but would start a movement and revolutionize music. The sky is pink and it's raining turkeys; what more do you need?!
    

18,March,2004


	 
      Yeah, from what I hear we're definitely not doing a musical. I'm sad about that, but what can ya do? At least Haley Jensen won't be getting the lead in it. Irrelevent spoiler of the day: Not only is Padme pregnant, she's pregnant with TWINS! Next time: Who's the father? Is it Obi-Wan? Anakin? Bail Organa? Captain Typho? Mace Windu? Yoda? C-3PO? The coffee guy? George Lucas?   The sky is pink and it's raining turkeys; what more do you need?!
    

17,March,2004


	 
      Jonah: You are a nice person! In any event you got your ass kicked by Marten shortly afterwards. Also the whole Claire (who I actually liked) vs. Jonah thing was kind of my idea. So some if not most of the blame lies with me. Also, I heard that we might do a musical revue instead. Which sounds bad, but then again so did the musical in drag. Also you (and Nathan) will be greatly missed at LotRJournalCon.   The sky is pink and it's raining turkeys; what more do you need?!
    

17,March,2004


	 
      I am a horrible person. Those of you who were at my party may recall an incident between my friend Claire and I that ended with a slight injury to her shoulder.  Well, today she's in a sling.  I have no idea how it happened, I didn't push her that hard, but anyway, now I feel awful.  To make matters worse, John Murray came up to me yesterday at the Jazz Band concert and said, "So, I hear you beat up Claire.  Good Job."  So now everyone at school thinks I just beat up girls or something.  Of course, I haven't actually seen Claire, so this could be an elaborate scheme to get back at me by making me feel bad.  I'll know in about 40 minutes. (I'm in Journalism now, I'll see her at lunch)  Either way, I'm going full Pacifist.  No more fighting for Jonah.  EDIT:  Yep, she's in a sling.  Also, it's her birthday today.  Can you believe that? Ugh.  On the plus side, she's not actually mad at me.   In other news, the Jazz Band concert was awesome.  I wasn't planning to go, but Swathi and I decided just to stay after musical practice, go out to eat, and then go to the concert - which turned out to have not only jazz, but also dancing and food.  Of course, I couldn't get Swathi to dance until the last song, but it was fun still.  I also had another interesting conversation with a Ms. Oed whom some of you know.  I met her at a party awhile back, but I thought she was one of those nice people I'd never see again.  Given our mutual involvement in Band an Drama and our tendency to attend the performances of each other's schools, I think I'll see her again.  She also shared an interesting tidbit with me:  The rumor is LC will not have a musical this year.  Can you guys confirm or deny?  Match ups.  I have to say the deaf.  Sight is simply more important to basketball than sound.  Even if the blind can yell their plays to each other, it's still the blind leading the blind.  Next match-up: A watermelon versus a slightly larger watermelon, in a pole-vaulting competition.  Marten - Kaylee wants someone's dad's shoes back and soon!      It's raining turkeys; what more do you need?!?
    

17,March,2004


	 
      I'm stealing half of Marten's title scheme. Blog Quotes are now mine.    It's raining turkeys; what more do you need?!
    

14,March,2004


	 
      Im so in! unless, of course, my dad steals me and puts me in a tent.  I'm hoping not, since I want to get my drivers license, too. Today was great and horrible at the same time and I'll tell you why at the lobby.  It's raining turkeys; what more do you need?!
    

14,March,2004


	 
      It all began with a game. The best game ever. The "Oh, Snap!" Game. This game is simple and can be played by anyone. You do a movie line, then insert the phrase. Here's an example. ANAKIN: You are in my very soul, tormenting me. PADME: Oh, snap. That wasn't the best example, but it was the first one that came to mind. So, anyway, Michael and I were just playing that game with LOTR. Then we started randomly parodying it, which turned out to be something that sounded a lot like  urlLink The Shifty Troublemaker , i.e. hilarious. (You all would know that if you'd READ IT, but I digress.)  So, what we want to do is a compendium LOTR MST-ish spoof. The plan is for everybody who'll be in Indy on March 30 to go to Michael's house and watch Fellowship and provide commentary. Those who won't be there will catch up later. If you're unsure about this, well... Frodo: I cannot do this alone. Sam'd go (Dance Move) I'd go (Dance Move) We'd go (Dance move). But I simply cannot do it A-LONE!  [That was totally my quote. --Michael]  Galadriel: You are a Ring-bearer, Frodo. To bear a Ring of Power is to be alone. I have to go, I'm being yelled at. Pointless EP III spoiler of the day: Padme's pregnant! Betcha didn't see that coming!   It's raining turkeys; what more do you need?!
    

14,March,2004


	 
      I just read a year and a half of Triangle and Robert comics. Because of this, I am going to kill Marten next time I see him. Let this serve as a warning to those who try to get me to do new things. (Those who aren't reading webcomics, sometimes they're funny, but a lot of the time they aren't. Just a warning.)  My teeth still hurt and nobody has posted in three days. I'm just sayin'...  It's raining turkeys; what more do you need?!
    

14,March,2004


	 
      Props to Thomas for the idea for my new Template rule.  The following is all caps. Please be prepared... JONAH: NO ITALICIZING THE TEMPLATE, IT COULD MALFUNCTION AND ITALICIZE EVERY SINGLE POST ON THE BLOG, DUE TO AN ERROR IN HTML CODE.  NO ITALICIZATION UNLESS IT'S ABSOLUTELY NECESSARY.  We now return you to your regular case broadcasting.  Jonah: Also, I didn't get an e-mail. Don't you like me? Also Also*, James Band?   Also the Statute of Limitations** starts today, the new template (courtesy of Thomas) can be entered 21 March 2004. Also new additional good sense Template Rule: The person who entered the template identifies themselves in a post, so that no one can hog the template for two weeks in a row. Thomas has it this week, we'll randomly choose next week.   * Yes I meant to double the Alsos. ** Sports Night Reference! It's raining turkeys; what more do you need?!
    

13,March,2004


	 
      It's raining turkeys; what more do you need?!
    

13,March,2004


	 
      I'm never planning a big party again.  This is going to be a disaster and it'll be all my fault.  Why did the two most disorganized people on the planet have to try to do this?  If you don't know what I'm talking about check your e-mail for your last minute invitation.  Anyway the match-up today, meaning no disrespect to either of the organizations, is a Basketball game between the Indiana School for the Deaf and the Indiana School for the Blind teams.  Results of last match up: James band cleverly used the hat to convince the toothpick that he was a time traveller on his way to erase the toothpick from history.  The toothpick, racing to stop him, tried to slingshot around the sun and got pulled in and incinerated.  Meanwhile the hair, seeing the vest, gave up on life entirely and exploded.  Bond thus saved the world once again.  I went on the Monon trail today with Marten and Michael (and Sam, who deserves massive props for putting up with us).  It was fun, but now I have to write the story. Ugh. BTW Marten, I still say we put the tagline in italics.   This car belongs to the evil Dr. Stegman, who parks in spots that don't belong to him and finds Andrew McCarthy to be petulant and oddly short. 
    

13,March,2004


	 
      It's raining turkeys; what more do you need?!
    

13,March,2004


	 
      Okay, I'm going to suggest official rules to template changes, and other things.  Anyone can change the following things: Template(little thing at the bottom of each post), Description, and the Copyright thing on the side. It doesn't have to stay a copyright Details: Any of the above things may only be changed if the current setting has been there for a week(seven [7] days or more) or after fifteen (15) or more posts, no more than three per person.  Exceptions made for blog member birthdays and other special occasions.  sound good? oh, and maybe another unofficial rule, could we keep the templates to 1 or 2 lines in length? they get annoying to read when they're too long. This car belongs to the evil Dr. Stegman, who parks in spots that don't belong to him and finds Andrew McCarthy to be petulant and oddly short.
    

13,March,2004


	 
      Here's the quote that should be in Jonah's Monon Trail article but isn't: "The Monon Trail is for health nuts and people who like boring things." Youth Group was like I predicted, like having hot pokers shoved down my throat. Hot pokers of fun! It was actually fun, because of the pizza and the Comstockery and the fact that everyone there pretty much has ADD and Patty reminds me of every Elementary school teacher I've ever had, trying desperately (and failing to keep me on task.)  Also the "Meryl Streep is the Meryl Streep of Acting!" article came from  urlLink here . There's Chicago stuff for Erin there as well, which brings me to my second point. I am spoiler free for Episode Three, which is to say that I really don't give a crap one way or another, but I am a "Spoiler-Whore for Episode IV!" (It's funny because it already happened.)   Thomas:  Come to the Scene Shop! And Do the Friday Five!  This car belongs to the evil Dr. Stegman, who parks in spots that don't belong to him and finds Andrew McCarthy to be petulant and oddly short.
    

13,March,2004


	 
      It just occurred to me that at this point I probably ought to say that you "Spoiler-Free Till Episode III" people are big losers, and I am going to torture you to your breaking point. The second web documentary is up and I have the entire plot outline. One year and two months to go. Mwa-ha-ha-ha-ha.  This car belongs to the evil Dr. Stegman, who parks in spots that don't belong to him and finds Andrew McCarthy to be petulant and oddly short.
    

13,March,2004


	 
      Well, I'm back from Hanover. I left for their sholarship competition stuff on Friday at about 12:30 and got home at about 4:30 yesterday. Then I went to church until 6:30 and my cousin's birthday party until 10:00. But now I'm home. I missed home. Overall, the competition went pretty well, although I'm not expecting to get more scholarship money out of it. But I stayed in a dorm with some really nice girls and, overall, it was a good experience. I hope I never have to do it again. I'll go and answer the Friday Five now, even though it's Sunday.  This car belongs to the evil Dr. Stegman, who parks in spots that don't belong to him and finds Andrew McCarthy to be petulant and oddly short.
    

13,March,2004


	 
      That's a response.  You still lose for not switching to LC when you had the chance.  I can swing dance! I don't suck at it, either. really. I went swing dancing with Kaylee last night, it was fun. more on this at the lobby, probably not till tuesday though.   Am I sexy yet?
    

12,March,2004


	 
      On the contrary, my silence is simply because I don't consider you're inane comments worth the time it would take me to write a response.  Anyway, he seems like he'd be the guy who scores drugs for everyone, except there are never any drugs in musicals. He says he can get a "samurai sword" and some "grass skirts." Huh? What the hell are people into on this island? 
    

11,March,2004


	 
      Friday Five Time!   1. What was the last song you heard?  Michael: Angel by Massive Attack Nathan: The Grand Illusion by Styx Jonah: Crucifixus by Lotti, performed by the St. Olaf Choir Marten:Confrontation from Jekyl and Hyde  Erin: The Cellblock Tango from Chicago Thomas: The World Was Dancing from Songs From a New World Sophia: I Got Lost in his Arms from Annie Get Your Gun  2. What were the last two movies you saw?  Michael: Lost In Translation and Mystic River. Nathan: Oceans 11 and Sarafina! Jonah: Oceans 11 and part of Field of Dreams Marten:Lost in Translation and Dirty Dancing Erin: Chicago and Cold Mountain, I think Thomas: Ferris Bueller's Day off and Starsky and Hutch (Great Movie) Sophia: oh dear.  Um...Part of Sister Act II, and I have no idea.  Whoops.  3. What were the last three things you purchased?  Michael: A Print Cartridge, and some other stuff I can't remember. Nathan: A Used copy of Pokemon Gold, Pizza, A Cherry coke Jonah: A pack of fruit snacks, another pack of fruit snacks and a pack of cookies. Marten: Cookies. anything before that happened to long ago, I rarely have money Erin: I can't even remember. I think... a bag of M&M's and two bottles of water. Thomas: A movie ticket and Dinner at the hockey game for Blues Band Sophia:  A ticket to Mr. LC, two skirts  4. What four things do you need to do this weekend?  Michael: Make Sure I taped Joan of Arcadia, wake up before 1 PM, See when Jonah and I are meeting on Sunday and where, and finish my Health Journal Nathan: Choir competition, church, IYC cabaret auditions, youth group Jonah: Figure out what's going on with Michael, do it, figure out what I'm doing with the Monon thing, do it and write it. Marten: Work on my comic story board, go to the monon with jonah and co., Youth group, and remember what Im forgetting to do, then do it Erin: (pretending like it's Friday) Merit Scholarship interview, Merit Scholarship essay, theatre scholarship audition, psych project, psych notes Thomas: Went to Starsky and Hutch, played at an Indianapolis Ice Game (Blues Band), played at Central Sound Classic (Backup Band), and went to Youth Group. Sophia: I'm a little late.  Shoot.  Um, start my research paper, go to choir, see variety pops, hang out at Allene's?  5. Who are the last five people you talked to?  Michael: Mom, Tim, Dad, Paul, Matt. Nathan: Mom, Dad, Jonah, Tim, Charissa Jonah: Dad, Mom, Nathan, Charissa, Tim Marten: Mom, Dad, Lara, Sophia, Kaylee Erin: Mom, Dad, Adam, Kristen Thomas: Marten, Nathan, Jonah, Mom, and Dad. Sophia:  Mom, Anne, Kiel, David, Kent  Anyway, he seems like he'd be the guy who scores drugs for everyone, except there are never any drugs in musicals. He says he can get a "samurai sword" and some "grass skirts." Huh? What the hell are people into on this island? 
    

11,March,2004


	 
      I really dont like the phrase "How are you?" All the possible answers are boring and grammatically incorrect.  How am I what? It's just a stupid question.  Speaking of how I am, or rather waht i did, I spent my half day at the mall with Kaylee.  more on this at the lobby.  Props to Michael for burning the soundtrack to Lost in Translation for me. Awsome set of tunes. (  Sophia: Thanks, I owe it all to chlorine and spin-drying my hair.   Michael: you're right.  It would be odd. To begin with, anyway. I'm trying to imagine you in the same room with Patty and Jen   Nate: I consider your silence a personal victory.    Huh? What the hell are people into on this island? 
    

10,March,2004


	 
      I'm having troubles with my church. Yes I know, but it's really starting to bug me. I used to help out with two/three year olds on Wednesday Nights while their parents were at Bible Study. This worked out since my parents came to help with my brothers youth group and I had tried my youth group and found it to be...well bad. It was bad. It was really really bad. It was just...bad. So I helped out and for about a year, I did that and I had fun doing it. I got to play with babies for an hour and a half, sometimes we'd go to the big playground, othertimes not. Then last November, the lady who ran the problem told me that the new senior minister (who I pretty much instantly disliked) had decided that 8:00 was too late for two/three years old, and promptly shut down the program, leaving me with two options: Bible Study (which would be awkward) or Youth Group (which would be like having hot pokers shoved down my throat). I've been going to the Bible Study for the last few weeks (which was good because unlike another program, they provide snacks and drinks, which is a good way to win my heart. And it worked. The only problem is that it's boring. It's crashingly boring. It's Sinclair-on-an-educational-tangent boring. And youth group is...loud. It's very loud. I worked in the library (that's where we started two years ago) and could feel the vibrations of loud Christian Rock music through the floor. And I am not a Christian Rock person by any stretch of the imagination.  So I'm staying home tonight, and I'm trying to get out of going next week, because it's really awkward and boring, so my parents have come up with a solution (which I think is a really, really bad idea)   Go to the Comstock's youth group.   I'm not kidding. That is their solution. It's not that I have a problem with the Comstocks or Marten or their church, It would be awkward for me, awkward for the Comstocks and Awkward for pretty much everyone involved, Not to mention the fact that I'm not a youth group person. I'm a leave-me-alone-and-I-promise-to-tithe-for-as-long-as-I-Live person. I don't want fellowship! I want people to leave me alone! I want to go to church on Sunday Morning, sit through service, get up go home (in a perfect world, we'd stop for Panda Express on the way home. It's finger Ling-Ling Good!) I don't want to have to constantly go to church after the new minster just ripped the rug right out from under me. And then had the gall to say that in order to work child care on Sundays you have to stay for two services, one to help and one to be "Spiritually Fed". So I'm mad at stuff, and planning on ranting at my parents in Latin if I have to go next week.   Anyway, he seems like he'd be the guy who scores drugs for everyone, except there are never any drugs in musicals. He says he can get a "samurai sword" and some "grass skirts." Huh? What the hell are people into on this island? 
    

09,March,2004


	 
      Goodness.  I think I might have died.  Either that or my computer did; it's been superbly slow lately and I've just taken to ignoring the fact that I hadn't read nearly anything on here in several weeks.  I'm going to try very hard to make this entry long enough to satisfy all of you critics and also to avoid the phrase "lol" to get on the good side of Michael.  Happiness.   Anyways, I finally put my answers for the 5 question-thing.  Probably not the best, but whatever.   Guess what I'm listening to!   Phantom of the Opera .  Yay!  I really really really love opera and musicals and all that jazz.  Woo, I love that movie, too.   Chicago , I mean.  That's a great movie and has a fantastic soundtrack.  I just wish I could sing like that.   And, Erin, your underwear-thing-story was fantastic.  I super-loved it because it sounds like so much fun.  I wish my family were like that.  Haha, grandma underwear.   Goodness gracious, how am I supposed to have anything worthwhile to say?  I really...uh...don't like Mr. Phillipy?  How's that?  And, Marten, your hair looked pretty today.  Hehe, nice and wavy.  Anyway, he seems like he'd be the guy who scores drugs for everyone, except there are never any drugs in musicals. He says he can get a "samurai sword" and some "grass skirts." Huh? What the hell are people into on this island?  (There are drugs in musicals, though.  The musical, Hair, has a lot of marijuana in it, if I remember correctly.) 
    

09,March,2004


	 
      I added a new template. It's a little bit long but kind of works in an odd way. It's from Wendola's South Pacific (TV Movie) recap. Sorry for excessive posting, I just discovered this now and not at 6:54:26 PM when "You know something there, General Cho? If you had a story, you'd write it. If you don't have one, shut up." went up.  Anyway, he seems like he'd be the guy who scores drugs for everyone, except there are never any drugs in musicals. He says he can get a "samurai sword" and some "grass skirts." Huh? What the hell are people into on this island? 
    

08,March,2004


	 
      Props to Marten for administering a well-written and well-acted smackdown. I updated What Kind of Day Has It Been. Read "Process Stories" there.  I just saw a very good epsiode of Scrubs. Michael J. Fox guest starred as a doctor with obssessive compulsive disorder, who was unable to use any toilet but the one in his own house, however he conquered this fear and used the roof toilet. The message: We all need to poop on the roof.  That was completely random and probably won't make sense unless you either watched the show, or saw this particular episode.  I added this so Nothing ruins an evening at the movies like being struck down by the wrath of God.
    

08,March,2004


	 
      Nate, you have no right to complain about LN's Drama program, no matter how much it sucks.  You had the opportunity to switch to LC.  "You make every show by virtue of being male" I recall that thats why you stayed with it, simply because you can get a part sans actual acting ability.  No insult to yours, but you really don't improve it by such low standards, so shut your trap about how your program sucks.  Ooh, looks like you just got served.  Nothing ruins an evening at the movies like being struck down by the wrath of God.
    

08,March,2004


	 
      Huh. Fitting Title, eh,  Jonah ?  I am really tired right now. However I am happy that everyone (except Marten, who  (just did)  is busy and Sophia, who apparently  died ) participated in the inaugural Friday Five. This bodes well for the future.   Also Erin, It's taken you this long to see Finding Nemo? Wow...that's sad. By the way I have JournalCon news. It is tentatively set for the 30th of April (provided the Comstocks don't bail) and will double as Michael's birthday, so bring presents ( urlLink HINT    urlLink HINT ) Wow, there is quite a bit of html in that sentence! Woo!The plan for this JournalCon are to push through the last season of Sports Night AKA Dan Rydell's (nonsensical and badly plotted) spiral into MADNESS! But then we're going to do MovieJournalCon! Everyone Bring Two Favorite Movies, which will lend themselves well to commentary, of which we will watch some if not all! Please nothing R or starring Pauly Shore.   Also Yayness on my second new reader! Someone from the University of Maryland accessed my site! YAY!  Nothing ruins an evening at the movies like being struck down by the wrath of God.
    

07,March,2004


	 
      Um, yeah, sorry about the "ass comment." It means that you pulled it out of thin air or off the top of your head. Still, bad wording on my part.  A mystery has been solved. If any of you ever watched Renee Zelwegger receive an award and thought, "Who the hell is John Carabino?" the answer is, he's her manager. Not her personal self-esteem booster as I had previously conjectured.  I've seen Finding Nemo now. It rocks. Also, I have convinced my dad to watch Chicago. He hasn't yet, but he will.  Nothing ruins an evening at the movies like being struck down by the wrath of God.
    

07,March,2004


	 
      Props to Ryan in Chicago, the first person outside the state of Indiana to visit my site.  I liked the show. I'm not going to jump up and down on it like I did with "Once in a Lifetime", I just have a few comments. The Comstocks officially rocked the party. I have to talk about the singing (Remember I showed up at 7:00 so I missed "Agony") The entire youth group came out, half of them looked disinterested, the other half was shuffling around so much, and it made me wonder if this group had ever sang in front of people before. The Twilight Zone/Outer Limits sketch was funny. It pretty much wiped away the...wait, we're being nice...ummm...It was good! The Circle of Life was Fishcakes to the nth degree. I couldn't tell if the girl was even singing. What Line is it Anyhow was...It was bad. I'm sorry, but I was at the Comstock Birthday Party, and I know that Marten, Thomas, Nathan and Jonah are much much better than what the did here. Thomas managed to liven up his role, but Nathan's Jekyll/Hyde Newscaster was just...not very good, Jonah did okay with his role, which was a huge shoutout to Sports Night's Casey McCall. It was bad, but better than a Horatio Sanz skit on SNL. Which is indeed, a good thing. Levi and Colin were great doing "Masterpiece Theatre", my only comment is that there was a passing reference to the "New York City Capitol Building", which would be...wrong. Unless it was intended, in which case, Bully For You! The Piano playing of How Beautiful was extemely good. Massive Props to Jennifer! Which brings me to the finalé, Stomp. I am not a fan of Stomp, it's fun when it begins but after five minutes the gimmick wears off, and you're sitting in a theatre listening to forty grown men drum on trashcans for two hours. The gimmick did wear off soon after the beginning, however it was masterfully done, with no visible mistakes. I was really surprised since I thought this would immediately crash and burn, but it didn't, which is also a good thing. It was a good show, I had the same problem with it as I do with SNL, which is too many musical numbers and not enough skits. But still very, very good. Please don't hurt me.   Also I accidentially took my brothers medication, which is disconcerting me. I now realize why he is so screwed up! It's the pills! I pulled a muscle in my back today. I'm tired now and need to go to bed. Goodnight and have a pleasant tomorrow!  That's Adorable! Justice makes it giggle!
    

06,March,2004


	 
      Oh, come on, Erin!  At least you have a group like that.  We have one year of Theatre overcrowded with people who don't want to be there, but need a fine arts credit to graduate, a program with no funding and a teacher who's opposed to backdrops and sets because they "distract from the actors".  You make every show by virtue of being male, and we still have to have one guy play Mercutio and Escalus.  And we can't even afford to give him two different costumes!  We're a joke.  Seriously, you have no right to complain about your drama program. The talent show went better than expected.  Which isn't all that good considering I expected it to crash and burn.  But it didn't.  Which is good. Show choir has me in a permanently comatose state.  I still refuse to yield to the coffee. Love the vest.  That's Adorable! Justice makes it giggle!
    

06,March,2004


	 
      Just got done with the CPC talent show.  It went well for a show that had never actually been run prior to performance.  Thomas, you may remove the hat of shame and replace it with your trendy new hat, but keep it handy in case it ever becomes needed again.  The hat shall become the voice of justice for the chaotic crime-ridden blog! Or something.  On to match-ups.  Last we had a super intelligent toothpick vs Alex Trebeck's hair in a world domination competition.  We never could have imagined they'd join forces to create the ultimate evil.  So the next match will be James bond, equipped only with Thomas's new hat and my new vest, vs the Axis of Evil (the toothpick and the hair)  Should be interesting.  And about this vest.  I just purchased it at Goodwill and it is, in Layman's terms, cultural syncretism. (Just my little LN joke) Seriously in layman's terms, it is simply hideous.  Orange, green, and red plaid with cylindrical wooden buttons.  It will go perfectly with my purple shirt.  BTW, Erin: Thank you for reading my story.  As a fellow writer of fiction, your opinion means much to me, the whole ass thing aside.   That's Adorable! Justice makes it giggle!
    

06,March,2004


	 
      And if you're angry at me, well, you've got a lot of company. I'm going to explain all this. There's a website called "Friday Five" where they pose interesting and somewhat personal questions, and it would serve as a good way for all of you to know me better. Also feel free to edit your answers into the post. Or don't. I really don't care that much. But without further ado, The Inaugural Friday Five.   What was...   1. ...your first grade teacher's name?  Michael: Mrs. Vittori. She liked bunnies. Jonah: I can't remember her name, but I can see her face.  She taught at Hancock Elementary in Minnesota.  The school's idea of an accelerated program was to pull Caitlin Ngam and I out of class every other hour so we wouldn't be learning stuff we already knew. Nathan:  Mrs. Fox.  Thinking back, I don't think she enjoyed having me in her class all that much.  I was too smart for her. Thomas: Ms. King. Great teacher, taught me how to handle me math. Erin: Mrs. Bainter, my second grade teacher. She maintained that I was the best writer she'd ever taught. Marten:Mrs. Haase.  She loved me, and probably contributed to my giant ego Sophia:  I have no idea...can't remember that far ago!  I remember it was my last year at Crooked Creek Elementary School, though.  2. ...your favorite Saturday morning cartoon?  Michael: Pokémon, when I was in 5th grade, but now I enjoy sleep. Oh! Sonic the Hedgehog! That's it! Jonah:  I don't watch them so much, but I have to say Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles. Nathan: Captain Planet, all the way!   Thomas: Batman!!!!! That was my first word. Teenage Mustant Ninja turtles gets and extremely close second. Erin: Alvin and the Chipmunks! The hyped-up '80's version. I liked the episodes with the girls in them. Brittany the Chipette was my idol. Marten: I miss anamaniacs and freakazoid Sophia:  I was a super-fan of Recess.  3. ...the name of your very first best friend?  Michael: Eric Oxyang in Yorba Linda. Jonah: Nathan.  'Nough said. Nathan: Jonah.  Ditto. Thomas Fowler: Andrew Clarke (From my old-school Chicago days) Erin: Probably Jessica Diefenbach, because our parents were friends, but I don't remember much of that. Marten: Louis. introduced me to randomness at age six Sophia:  Kelly Roeder...best friend since 2nd grade.  Yay.  4. ...your favorite breakfast cereal?  Michael: Lucky Charms. Marshmallows all the way! Jonah: I love Quaker Oat Squares.  Also Waffle Crisp. Nathan: Raisin Bran is a classic Thomas: Cinnamon Toast Crunch is the best cereal ever. Erin: Honey Nut Cheerios. With strawberries in. Marten: Reeses! Sophia:  mmm...frosted mini wheats with strawberries.  Yummy.  5. ...your favorite thing to do after school?  Michael: Putter around the internet. Or occiasionally play PS2 and watch The Ellen DeGeneres Show. Jonah:  Eat, check webcomics, update blogs. Nathan: By the time I get home, sleep.  Thomas: Watch tv, and game like the shrubnip I am. Erin: Either get online or watch snippets of my DVDs. I can only do these things if my brother's not home, though, because he gets online before me and makes fun of my DVDs. Marten:videogames or sleep Sophia:  SLEEP!  That's Adorable! Justice makes it giggle!
    

06,March,2004


	 
      Yay, Thomas posted! I'm so proud!  Well, I am all caught up reading a little piece of narrative genius entitled "The New Toaster" and have duly commented. Everyone cheer, do the hokey pokey, and turn yourselves around. I have been asked to actually follow up on my earlier comment, "LC Players sucks." This is why it sucks. We have no money and we get no time to do anything. Horrigan never gives us enough time to rehearse stuff. We have a performance on Tuesday, and what did we spend last Monday doing? Playing random waste-of-time improv games! And then she has the nerve to criticize how I blocked the play after having me block about half of it in one class period. Grrr. But it's all cool, because I got to be in the senior Lyceum picture! :) Important news! The fanfiction.net search is working again, so everybody go there and type in The Shifty Troublemaker. Remember, that SW humor parody script with drug-induced penguins I keep talking about? If you haven't read it yet, read it. If you have, then review it so that it may get updated and finished! It's funny, I promise!  That's Adorable! Justice makes it giggle!
    

06,March,2004


	 
      Had the Ball State choir competition today. Ben McGill and I are in backup for Sweet Sensation, the LC women's show choir. The choir unexpectedly got second placed, beating out LN's Hip Street, which usuallly dominates. We also unexpectedly got best back up band, along with Central Sound's band getting best backup band. This means an LC backup band sweep. Huzzah!! Nathan's Concert Choir was screwed out of victory. How did the judges not choose a choir that sings a part in French? On to my rockin' new hat. It is a nifty hat that is used for the German reenacting unit that Marten and I do. It is blue and yellow and looks like those hats that people used to wear with pajamas. If you have further interest, search for fatigue cap on your internet browser. Yay Thomas posted. Does this mean hat of shame revocation?  That's Adorable! Justice makes it giggle!
    

05,March,2004


	 
      look whos overposting!    Look who's a Jackass! --Michael   That's Adorable! Justice makes it giggle! 
    

03,March,2004


	 
      I've been thinking about DVDs. This summer, Six Feet Under: Season Two, Angels in America, and The West Wing: Season Two all come out. Alias: Season Three comes out next September. They haven't even finished the season, and we already have a release date! I'm really excited. I really don't have anything to say, besides that I really want DVDs, and I want them now.  Is it May yet?
    

03,March,2004


	 
      Okay, I am sorry I brought it up and I'm sorry I ran the whole 'Marten has hairy legs' thing into the ground. Let us all agree to agree, that Marten indeed has hairy legs and nobody ever should ever talk about Marten's hairy legs again. Or anybody's legs. In fact, let's keep discussion of body parts and/or hair to a minimum, Okay? 
    

02,March,2004


	 
      I'm tired. Everyone, please fix the blog before general doom befalls you.  Process Stories will be up tomorrow. I really don't have anything to say. I'm sleepy, cause of Algebra, and I'm almost out of lunch money.  Also, the entry was totally about puberty.  It arrests this war, his disonore of the main extremities of the title!
    

02,March,2004


	 
      Lost in Translation rules!  So does admin power!  It arrests this war, his disonore of the main extremities of the title!
    

02,March,2004


	 
       urlLink Inside of the can Jonah and Nathan and they are are 16 here. Very very fortunate person of the anniversary, this.   First off, No one cares about your birthday, Nathan. It's all about Jonah. Like on ER how it's all about Abby, or how The West Wing is all about Josh and Toby this year.  Of course, I am being sarcastic...  Also Jonah, It was very very funny. I laughed like this, "HA HA HA HA HA Change it back.". (Retribution for Monday is below)  Read Marten's disturbing leg hair/puberty entry of at The Taj Malobby!  And Process Stories should be up by Friday! leg hiar was a meanwhile with nothing to do with the entry whatsoever!  Its not a pubert entry! Stop this war! Shame on you, Hobbits!
    

01,March,2004


	 
      It's my birthday, too.  I was at school for 14 hours, though, and my only gifts were a Kiwi, a hat, and a tire gauge.  Ashley gave me a birthday Kiwi.  We also invented competitive tutoring.  More on that when I'm not tired. Stop this war! Shame on you, Hobbits!
    

01,March,2004


	 
      Oscar Follow-up. Lord of the Rings won and won and won. Marcia Gay Harden and Liv Tyler had really bad hair. The camera stayed on Jamie Lee Curtis's chest. Read the Teevee.org blog  urlLink here . They don't coin the term "Combover of Shame" to describe Liv Tyler's hair (That was Marten) but they were pretty damn funny.  Stop this war! Shame on you, Hobbits!
    

01,March,2004


	 
      That's not an animal group! you may say. To which I reply, It's my birthday, I can do whatever I want!  Up to and including renaming the blog!  And posting with no actual content! And excessive use of exclamation points!!! All these things are perfectly permissible because, as I have stated IT"S MY BIRTHDAY!!!! WOOO!!! Stop this war! Shame on you, Hobbits!
    

01,March,2004


	 
      OnlineHost: *** You have ejected MysteriousBob87 from this room *** Tofig36: OMG michael your name font hurts my eyes SBristowSD6: OMG Thomas I don't care! Tofig36: that's better The Squid3188: It's down to us again The Squid3188: the originals SBristowSD6: yep The Squid3188: 10 The Squid3188: they've reached double digits The Squid3188: good grief SBristowSD6: They have won everything they were nominated for. Tofig36: aaaahhhhh my eyes SBristowSD6: ALL OF THEM. THIS IS HISTORY PEOPLE! Tofig36: it hurts SBristowSD6: Here. Tofig36: no its your yellow name SBristowSD6: My name isn't yellow! SBristowSD6: Its Michael! The Squid3188: are you sure? SBristowSD6: No. Not Really. Tofig36: your name font SBristowSD6: Awww... SBristowSD6: Actress Time! SBristowSD6: More Like Male Rider! SBristowSD6: I can't either. Cause I'm a girl!" SBristowSD6: " SBristowSD6: It's Diane Keaton! That's what it is. Tofig36: She's in the axis of evil SBristowSD6: I like her! The Squid3188: what an attractive outfit The Squid3188: when did she join the Mafia? Tofig36: lol The Squid3188: now that's an outfit! Tofig36: i thought you said that she was in the axis of evil SBristowSD6: She didn't. They cut to her when Blake Edwards was talking about 'the enemies' SBristowSD6: Are they allowed to say bitch? SBristowSD6: Wow. I need to see 21 Grams SBristowSD6: HA! The Squid3188: I meant her Godfatheresque suit and hat SBristowSD6: Surprise, Surprise... The Squid3188: I was hoping Keish Castle-Hughes would win The Squid3188: *Keisha SBristowSD6: We're down to two, electric boogaloo. SBristowSD6: She got cut off during the Golden Globes SBristowSD6: Newmarket is the new Miramax SBristowSD6: She thanked her lawyer? SBristowSD6: Cut off eminent! Danger Charlize Theron! The Squid3188: she's not gonna cry? The Squid3188: she already did SBristowSD6: I know. SBristowSD6: Actor is wide open, people. SBristowSD6: We just saw this! SBristowSD6: Come on people! Stay awake! Stay...Awake! SBristowSD6: zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz The Squid3188: my money's on Johnny Depp SBristowSD6: Mine too. SBristowSD6: Ha! That commercial is funny. SBristowSD6: I already do feel sexy every day. The Squid3188: barely clothed women for every day of the week! SBristowSD6: I WON! SBristowSD6: I WON!!!! The Squid3188: drat! Tofig36: congrats!!!!! The Squid3188: http://www.imdb.com/name/nm1095720/ The Squid3188: isn't that interesting? SBristowSD6: I knew that! The Squid3188: the Star Wars thing? The Squid3188: I sure didn't Tofig36: I didn't either SBristowSD6: You don't hang out with Erin Chnadler. SBristowSD6: Chandler Tofig36: I do SBristowSD6: Mr. Erin Chanandler Bong. Tofig36: And i still didn't know... Tofig36: oh Tofig36: Choose your destiny Tofig36: flawless victory Tofig36: MORTAL KOMBAT!!!! SBristowSD6: HA! Tofig36: FIGHT! SBristowSD6: Hyah! SBristowSD6: Ha! Tofig36: GET OVER HERE! The Squid3188: Biff! The Squid3188: Shizzam!! SBristowSD6: Boffo! The Squid3188: POW!! The Squid3188: POP! SBristowSD6: Kablammo! SBristowSD6: Kingsley! The Squid3188: THWARPITY PLOING PLOING! Tofig36: TOMATO!! SBristowSD6: Hey! She's there and at oscars Tofig36: ASPARAGUS ASPARAGUS SBristowSD6: Johnny! Please pick Johnny! SBristowSD6: Please? The Squid3188: it's 12:00 now SBristowSD6: Wait 5 minutes The Squid3188: and you know there'll be anohter break before best picture The Squid3188: that's why people should give shorter speeches The Squid3188: BOO! SBristowSD6: no they're pretty much done. SBristowSD6: He was actually pretty good in that. SBristowSD6: "Thanks to everyone except Madonna. She's a bitch"  SBristowSD6: Political Statement...*sigh* The Squid3188: no, just weak attenpt at an overused joke SBristowSD6: yeah The Squid3188: it was better when Mel Gibson said it SBristowSD6: I never heard him say it SBristowSD6: Get the hell off the stage Sean! Tofig36: ya Tofig36: wait what movie was that even for? SBristowSD6: Is that my water in there?! SBristowSD6: Mystic River SBristowSD6: Sean, Is that my water in there? SBristowSD6: And look! No break! The Squid3188: nice SBristowSD6: It's... SBristowSD6: SEABISCUIT SBristowSD6: (I'm trying not to jinx it) SBristowSD6: Woo! Horses! The Squid3188: Was Lost in Translation good? Tofig36: My parents loved it SBristowSD6: Yeah. I'll rent it when you come SBristowSD6: LOTR! SBristowSD6: WOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!11 SBristowSD6: !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1 The Squid3188: 11! Tofig36: PWNT!!! LORD OF THE RINGS!!!!! The Squid3188: 11! SBristowSD6: Bye the way, Thomas and Nathan can come if they wish! Tofig36: YAYAYAYAYAY The Squid3188: 11! SBristowSD6: This is history people! The Squid3188: ooh The Squid3188: Cinematography would have made it the winner Tofig36: come where in the what now? SBristowSD6: They weren't up for it The Squid3188: but they shoulda been SBristowSD6: It was too blatant. Too many mountain shots. SBristowSD6: And they already won it two years ago. The Squid3188: so? Tofig36: whoa gandalf looks like captain picard when he has short hair The Squid3188: 12 woulda been history The Squid3188: 11 is just tied The Squid3188: with Titanic of all things Tofig36: blast SBristowSD6: 11 is everything they were nominated for. That has never happened before. The Squid3188: though Ben Hur is a damned good film SBristowSD6: Okay. I'm done.  SBristowSD6: I like all of you very much. Get Out. Now. SBristowSD6: Final Statements? The Squid3188: YAY!!! Oscars!!! The Squid3188: WOO!!! SBristowSD6: Thomas? The Squid3188: I'd like to thank the academy The Squid3188: for keeping me up til 12:06 The Squid3188: on a school night SBristowSD6: I'd like to thank your mom, Jonah. The Squid3188: hey! The Squid3188: It's my birthday!!! SBristowSD6: I know. I'll be feeling this in the morning. Tofig36: YAYAYAYA LOTR SBristowSD6: I'm sorry. I give you good birthday wishes! See you in 10 days! Tofig36: HAPPY BDAY!!! The Squid3188: It's past midnight, so it's my birthday! The Squid3188: yay! The Squid3188: YAY Birthday Oscars! The Squid3188: Wooo! The Squid3188: Thomas, final statement? SBristowSD6: Hee! Tofig36: I'd like to think Mr. Tolie Tofig36: Tolkien* SBristowSD6: To think him? Tofig36: for writing such great books Tofig36: thank* Tofig36: and Jonah's mom SBristowSD6: Okay. You're boring! OnlineHost: *** You have ejected Tofig36 from this room *** The Squid3188: ta ta SBristowSD6: Good Night Jonah. See you in 10 days! The Squid3188: yup SBristowSD6: Goodnight and have an unpleasant and sleepy tomorrow!   Stop this war! Shame on you, Hobbits!
    

30,April,2004


	 
      Tyler Rudd, Yay or Nay? (Let's putting all this crap in one post so that we can delete it without much fuss if he joins. Just edit it in, like with the Friday Five.)   Erin:  Yeah, sure, why  not.  Jonah: Fear the Orange, Mortals.  And fear the orange mortals.  [After many intense hours translating this with those people who translate at the United Nations, we are ready to declare this a yea.  --Michael]   Marten: Yay!  Michael:  Yay. I'm for the bringing of Tyler if for no other reason than the fact that it will make Nathan shut the hell up about hiring people. Although the blog has been more frequently updated with Paul and Rachel and the new (and Frequent!) postings of Thomas.  Nathan:  Yay.  Paul:   Rachel:   Sophia:  Yeah!  Another person who will cover up the fact that I'm too lazy to post!  Thomas:  This is the way we wash our pants!  Laurence Fishburne:  Yay.  Mr. T:  I pity the foo who won't let Tyler join.  Donald Trump:  He's Fired. The Friday Five will be up again, they just haven't updated for a while on the homepage.  Oh my God, you're putting my mother's cats on the Supreme Court.
    

29,April,2004


	 
      Erin, what I meant was I thought it would be weird for you.  I have no problem with it.  But I've found that for the most part my friends who have graduated don't want to hang out with sophomores and juniors as much.  Sorry if I offended you.   I know you said no more people, but I'd really like to invite Tyler to join.  He's going to being going to Indiana Academy next year and we won't see much of him.  Plus Pyler is incomplete without Taul.  He probably wouldn't post much anyway.  Just to consider.  Oh my God, you're putting my mother's cats on the Supreme Court.
    

29,April,2004


	 
      Or "Things I'm Irrationally Pissed At, Part Two"   The return of the Killjoy : She's  taking a late lunch break today, so right now she's standing behind the desk chatting with the other librarian, the one who denied me  urlLink the SRT pass . There are actually a few people sitting in the back, despite the fact that a class is coming in here soon.   Mr. Hall : What can you say about Hall. He's annoying, loud, gay, has the most annoying accent of all time, narrowly beating out Melissa George's OmniAccent on Alias. The only non-assy thing he's done all year is not shoot down my Persuasive Speech Proposal. I'll be posting that as a separate piece (heh.) on What Kind of Day Has It Been, after I give it May 18th. I don't want Hall to google it and think that I stole it.    Career Day : It sucked. Sophia, Rachel, Thomas, Marten and I stand together in solidarity on this one. Ya-Ya! Thomas, who by far had the worst experience will write about his thing once he gets back from Chicago and he'll cover Government and Social Services in that post, (we had the same pick!) though I will say that it was much more  urlLink Third Watch  than  urlLink The West Wing .  Now I will talk about my second session, which was Engineering, proctored by Richard "Math Teacher With A Big Old Stick Up His Butt" Britton. The engineer was boring, and cussed a lot for a career day presentation (Hell twice, Dumbass once), and pissed the Architect off more than a little when he name dropped that the Architect worked on John Mellencamp's house. Mellencamp? Woo-fucking-Hoo. The Architect was more boring than...Something really boring. He had a picture of what quite possibly could have been the ugliest building ever designed and showed us a design for the house of arich realtor who could not be named (There was a monogrammed TC or possibly CT on there, if you actually care to find out.) That's what prompted the dumbass crack.   Okay I'm going to go now. JournalCon is set for 5:30 PM, May 7th, which is my birthday so any presents that you would bring could very well buy my eternal love and a spot in the Penthouse Suite of my Heart (Right off the Left Ventricle!).  Oh my God, you're putting my mother's cats on the Supreme Court.
    

29,April,2004


	 
      Erin, no one's trying to replace you.  Nate was just curious, though a bit stupid.  How exactly would that be weird?  Meanwhile, I've been considering tossing my current schedule out the window and graduating early.  Even though I wouldn't, because I couldn't survive and still be Marten.  I'd probably come out as, I dunno, martin or something.  Paul: somewhere around here are rules about title schemes, which you have suddenly followed by accident after stopping the book one, (Which is Erin's) and you have to keep the template in your post.  After the current one has been in use for a week, you can change it. look in the archives for rules I'm forgetting.  Meanwhile, the post ratio has gone a bit off for our most elusive members. Thomas has posted twice within a week, but where's Sophia?   Oh my God, you're putting my mother's cats on the Supreme Court.
    

28,April,2004


	 
      Am now reading Bridget Jones's Diary and am having trouble reinserting pronouns, etc. into vocabulary.   Welcome to Paul!  Well, it seems since one was last online and not too busy to blog, great irrelevent things have happend, much political murmuring has taken place, a new blogger has unknowingly tried to steal one's title scheme without any rebuke, and it has been suggested that after graduation one ought to just go away and not speak to any of you ever again. One feels miffed.  I think that all of you should know that Frieje is just doing the hall sweep thing because when Dr. Hodgin was visiting he saw four fights in the hall, which is just sad. And Frieje is not any kind of asshole, just rather misguided. He is far superior to Hanna because he at least knows and cares about what's going on. I won't argue that the hall sweeps are dumb, but they probably wont last. And even if they do, well-- I won't be there. Aha! Ahahahahahaha!  Michael didn't know about my Arthurian obsession and came under the impression that I have a girl crush on Keira Knightley. Oh, dear. Really, I was just looking at the costume and metalwork; I'd have been staring at Clive Owen or anyone else just as hard. I have decided that the new King Arthur movie should really be called, "Bend It Like Boudicca." And this, in fact, is how into the dark ages Britain/ Arthurian thing I am. Boudicca was a real, historical Celtic warrior queen. When the Romans invaded, I think about 400 years or so before Arthur time, Boudicca's daughters (and maybe her, I forget) were raped by Roman soldiers and she vowed revenge. She actually mounted an offensive that came the closest of any British attempt at driving the Romans out of Britain-- she was certainly the only one who gave them a real run for their money-- and she actually fought with the soldiers and everything. If I remember correctly, she drove them all the way down to the southern portion of the island... But that's just digression. What I'm wondering now is things like, will they use some copy of the Sutton Hoo helmet somewhere, as it's so popular with dark ages things; what does the guy who plays Lancelot look like, his name is very Welsh-- Gruffydd, or something; is the Merlin they're using old Merlin or young Mary Stewart-type Merlin; are they putting in any of the other cool female figures, e.g. Morgan and Nimue. I'll stop now.  They have not taken away Senior Skip-a-Final, you uninformed ninnies!  Irrelevant spoiler of the day: Correct me if I'm wrong, I don't think I posted a teaser last time. So today's spoiler is-- In Ep. III, Obi-Wan wields... a lightsaber. It is the traditional weapon of the Jedi Knight-- not as clumsy or random as a blaster, an elegant weapon. It's a sword made of light, a laser sword! (hehe, "laser sword")  Must do homework now.  Oh my God, you're putting my mother's cats on the Supreme Court.
    

28,April,2004


	 
      Hall sweeps are a new policy at LC. Upon the ringing of the bell, the teacher's will close and lock their doors, and those people who are not in class, will be metaphorically swept into the Auditorium, where they will be yelled and bitched at about the importance of being punctual.  JournalCon is in one week, at my house. Erin, Rachel and Sophia are invited, but due to prudish parents, cannot participate in the sleepover. Food will be provided, however any donations would be appreciated.  Also, Paul: Respect the template. Keep it in your posts. Oh my God, you're putting my mother's cats on the Supreme Court.
    

28,April,2004


	 
      The World History AP test is really scaring me.  The test is on Wednesday, we still have 85 years of history and two world wars to cover, not to mention all the stuff we skipped along the way, yet Leonhart thought it a good idea to spend the period watching a video on and having a discussion of African colonialism.  In short, he's doing nothing to advance the curriculum for those of us taking the test.  Part of the problem, of course, is that the test comes way to early in the year, but still, we need to be cramming, not just continueing as if we had all year. Can someone explain to me exactly what these "Hall Sweeps" are?  I've heard nothing about them at LN.  Yesterday in class Leonhart was talking about African colonialism, and he compared the French colonial government to the SAC, saying that there was a ruling council of Africans, but they had no power.  It's worth noting, though, that Ms. Lupold consulted them on the changes they were planning to the Skip-a-final policy.  I don't know if she'll take any of the advice she gave, but still, they were consulted on something important. Is Erin gonna keep blogging here from Hanover?  I'm just curios, it seems like it would be kind of strange.   Vote on the Democrats, or you will have elected either Daniel or Duck man by default.  Oh my God, you're putting my mother's cats on the Supreme Court.
    

28,April,2004


	 
      I used Ms. Means in this one because she said it.  She was talking about the musical and how if we didn't do such-and-such everyone would leave.  Anyway, I just want to say that I am oblivious to Hall Sweeps because I have a press pass!  I am awesome!  I do like the protest idea, but I think instead of doing it I'll put on my press pass and interview people about it.  Protestors always like to be in the paper. Anyway, I need to go to bed so I will make a real update later.  Oh my God, you're putting my mother's cats on the Supreme Court.
    

27,April,2004


	 
      I have several not very important things to adress.  First, I am changing my title scheme to the flavor text from my magic cards.  Second, I feel for Michael and the other LC people and would be willing to coordinate an LN "sit down" protest at the exact same time.  And thirdly, for those of you who don't know Tyler Rudd, we have reconfigured ourselves into Pyler and Taul.  That is all.
    

27,April,2004


	 
      I now hate Frieji.  From now on I am intentionally misspelling his name.  I am now making a list of things he obviously doesn't know: 1. We're a highschool, not a middleschool, jail, concentration camp, or the like. 2. Students will often be late for valid reasons and proper passes, while distributed, haven't done much. 3. The Principal isn't supposed to do anything! Hasn't he heard of Mrs. Hannah? I think the man's definately over-compensating 4. Getting swept is just going to make the student later. It's not going to speed anything up 5. It leads to stupid people doing stupid things in protest, when they're the ones who actually deserve it and aren't going to help any with their lame attempts at "fighting the power."  Okay, redundant rant complete, on to business.  Thomas, that conversation is reminiscent of the monkey story.  How come I'm never around for those? I smell chicken! c'mon, some one keep going... darn it.   nothing ever happens around here   Oh my God, you're putting my mother's cats on the Supreme Court.
    

27,April,2004


	 
      All you Fall Creekrians weren't at Belzer for the time of the hallsweeps. They were just damn irritating and didn't actually improve anything. For me, the hallsweeps not only seem to be wreaking of the Gestapo, but also seem like we are reverting back to middle school tactics. I am in full support of Michael's proposed "sit down" protest. In the meantime, don't get swept. -Oh my God, you're putting my mother's cats on the Supreme Court.
    

27,April,2004


	 
      I don't know, as much as I am hating Freije, the hall sweeps reek of Burden and Brouwer. And maybe the Dean who's name eludes me right now. And I think I've seen the signs, like Tuck the Feachers and Hallsweeps Promote Drugs, which is built on extremely shaky logic.  Oh my God, you're putting my mother's cats on the Supreme Court.
    

27,April,2004


	 
      Michael I totally agree with you about our newly turned communist school.  It's lunatic!  Some of my friends have put up signs, but I think the administrations has been tearing them down before anyone is even able to see them...gah!  I thought Mr. Freiji was supposed to be cool!!!!!!!!  Oh my God, you're putting my mother's cats on the Supreme Court.
    

27,April,2004


	 
      Or "Things I'm Irrationally Pissed At, Part One: School"   SAC Elections : What is the point of SAC elections? They drag me from SRT, put me in the auditorium and have me vote. The voting however is moot, because in every category (except Student Body President) there is only one person running. It was Pre-War Iraq! One person (I won't mention names) I didn't vote for (even though he was the only person running) because he looked like he was hit in the face with the concave side of a shovel. I voted for one person because her name was funny (and because her opponent who promised candy, didn't deliver) and I voted for Spud, because he's cool. And this in reality is not an election, it's a popularity contest. Any given Sophmore's interest in the electoral process is minimal, if present at all. And it's not like the SAC does anything terribly difficult. They don't have to decide to bomb North Central in a pre-emptive strike, they help with charity, sell pizza and plan dances. I care about one of those three things. ONE. I'm not likely to care who student body vice-treasurer is.   Hall Sweeps : Hall Sweeps are evil and Frejie is a tiny impotent Nazi with a bug up his butt the size of an emu. And the multiple SRT bells are mondo annoying if you're trying to nap during SRT. I think someone should organize a school sit-down where every person leaves their class, and five minutes into the passing period, sits down wherever in the school they happen to be. What are they going to do, write everyone up? This leads into my next topic...   Idiotic Bitchy Administrators : It's amazing how they can't put two and two together and figure out that by eliminating perks (McTravel, Senior Skip-A-Final) school spirit goes down. Huh, it's amazing how that works, eh? and regarding CD Players: I want to listen to my iPod during frigging SRT! I'm at the point where I'm ready to hand out bribes to the staff, just so I can hear some Massive Attack during passing periods!  I'm irrationally pissed as hell and I'm not going to take it anymore!  Oh my God, you're putting my mother's cats on the Supreme Court.
    

26,April,2004


	 
      A convorsation between Jonah and I.  The Squid3188: eggplant mambo woman man is on the loose Tofig36: cool! The Squid3188: just watch your back The Squid3188: he'll want revenge The Squid3188: and you took his lunch and fed it to the mongoose people Tofig36: that wasn't me! Tofig36: that was you!! The Squid3188: ok, I may have told him differently Tofig36: dammit Jonah The Squid3188: but it was only to save my own skin! Tofig36: now we have to put the blame on Nathan The Squid3188: it can't be Nathan Tofig36: why not? The Squid3188: He's engaged to marry eggplant mambo woman man's daughter, eggplant mambo woman man woman, on February 94th at the stroke of midnight Tofig36: oh Tofig36: Marten shall be the scapegoat then The Squid3188: no, because he's already ticked at Marten because of the whole goat-pie-scissors incident Tofig36: Michael! The Squid3188: made of ice The Squid3188: it has to be you Thomas Tofig36: Michael is certainly not made of ice  Tofig36: or you who actually did it The Squid3188: it can't be me! The Squid3188: there's too much at stake The Squid3188: you can get off easy The Squid3188: just threaten him with duct tape The Squid3188: the rest of us don't have that luxury Tofig36: Tofig36: that wasn't me! Tofig36: that was you!! The Squid3188: ok, I may have told him differently Tofig36: it was you Tofig36: i will mail you some ducttape The Squid3188: but I can't take the blame The Squid3188: what if while he's hunting me down he discovers the machine The Squid3188: he'd tell Rueben and all our work would be for naught Tofig36: damn! Tofig36: crap here he comes!!!!!! The Squid3188: the duct tape Tofig36: *whips out trusty ducctape role* The Squid3188: just threaten Tofig36: you stay back you bastard eggplant woman man! Tofig36: *brandishes duct tape menacingly* Tofig36: ouch Tofig36: he bit my toe off and ran The Squid3188: that could have gone worse The Squid3188: you forgot mambo Tofig36: You owe me... The Squid3188: that's why he bit off your toe Tofig36: he doesn't deserve mambo in his name The Squid3188: It's a family name Tofig36: I refuse to include it Tofig36: its also a name in my family Tofig36: we should shut Reuben up for good if you ask me The Squid3188: His mother was eggplant mambo woman the third, her mother was eggplant mambo woman the second, and her mother was eggplant mambo woman The Squid3188: it wasn't his fault he was born male The Squid3188: Reuben is still useful to us The Squid3188: he can take the heat when we unveil the machine Tofig36: drammit Tofig36: that bloody machine has just been one big thorn in our side The Squid3188: but I think we can get your toe back Tofig36: and then that bastard Reuben Tofig36: how? The Squid3188: you remember Shibs McRoudy? Tofig36: of course, he helped me get that car The Squid3188: well, he owns a device called a Mk 12 Watchaprug Tofig36: Oh! I've heard of that! The Squid3188: which can under the right circumstances grow toes onto people Tofig36: But isn't that designed to detect frogs? The Squid3188: well yes, but that's why they discontinued it The Squid3188: if you hook it up to a toaster and shoot it full of gamma rays it does the darndest things Tofig36: interesting, I never would have guessed Tofig36: How did Shibs get his grubby hands on one? The Squid3188: how do you think? Tofig36: Oh... it's like that then. The Squid3188: yep The Squid3188: fish sticks and everything The Squid3188: right in the middle of Wal-mart Tofig36: That poor guard and with all those fishsticks The Squid3188: indeed The Squid3188: but the point is he has one, and he owes me a favor Tofig36: excellent! Tofig36: when shall we do it then? The Squid3188: next Thursday? Tofig36: sure Tofig36: ok back to the machine schematics The Squid3188: well, I was working on assembling the aft frizzulator The Squid3188: and I noticed that we're using polyfumerate for the cogs The Squid3188: wouldn't poly carbonate fumates be more wind resistant> The Squid3188: ? Tofig36: true, but the polyfumerate will make  the deflemulagtor nearly indestructable The Squid3188: isn't that a good thing? Tofig36: yes so that is why we are using polyfumerates of polycarbonates The Squid3188: oh, right The Squid3188: suppose reinforced the polyfumerates with ubnium, just in case Tofig36: Excellent idea! The Squid3188: ok Tofig36: we could also use the excess ubnium to reinforce the Loanamatron The Squid3188: well, I'll go finish that up The Squid3188: no, it'll make it weigh too much Tofig36: good point The Squid3188: if the Loanamatron is over 12 kilos the whole thing we'll explode when we turn it on The Squid3188: eill explode The Squid3188: *will The Squid3188: we won't explode Tofig36: All that work would be gone... The Squid3188: yeah Tofig36: alright you best get working The Squid3188: indeed  -Oh my God, you're putting my mother's cats on the Supreme Court.
    

26,April,2004


	 
      I have decided on a title scheme, quotes from whatever book I am reading.  which is right now The Jungle, by Upton Sinclaire.  Oh and I am not a little mofo  cough*Michael*cough, I'm quite a big mofo.
    

26,April,2004


	 
      Oh my God, you're putting my mother's cats on the Supreme Court.
    

26,April,2004


	 
      Paul is in the house! That's really awesome, we're really happy, get ye a title scheme. Actually after telling people that you actually made it onto the blog, I was responded with two 'awesome's and one 'what the hell is that little mofo doing here.' I won't *cough* Erin *cough* mention any names, but it's too bad that there's still such evil in this world.  I don't remember what else I was going to- THOMAS! I HAVE TO GO!  Oh my God, you're putting my mother's cats on the Supreme Court.
    

25,April,2004


	 
      At last, after significant delays which I will mention later, I am in the blog.  You may refer to me as the all knowing and all powerful walnut, speaking through my mind slave Paul.  Paul would like to note that his computer was most likely designed to to torment his imortal soul.  He relishes the idea of climbing on his roof and throwing his computer in the air and shooting it with a shotgun or other projectile weapon.  But, if he did that he would have no computer, plus climbing on top of his house with a computer over his back is too strenuous for Paul.  Anyway, I am glad to be in the blog to rant about my plans for world domination and Paul's titanic struggle with his neighbor's cat.
    

25,April,2004


	 
      Hurray for Patrick Shaughnessy!  Okay, explaination of random post. I was really bored, past the point of Prozac the Bear crazy. Everything after the greenday song are excerpts from song lyrics I wrote for "Searching for Sammy" which may or may not end up an actual band. nifty is it not? I sleep now.  Toasters don't play tunes, they cook bread
    

23,April,2004


	 
      Okay, I've got stuff to tell you! The Sky is Blue! Playgrounds are Fun! Grandpa is Old!  Seriously, Nathan is more like his  urlLink brother  than he'd like to think. See "Yaargh!"  Nathan: I'll put you down for St. John's (Newfoundland?), but I've got to say A.) You are more in need of a night in Atlantic City than any man I've met and B.) You missed perfect opportunity to use "Dark was the Night, Cold was the Ground" as a title.  Marten: The random post was strange, but by "FIN!" you had me. Nothing gets me more than mock-art-film endings.  Erin: I'm putting you down for a seat in Taxxgrrl's car to the Lafayette TWoPCON.  Jonah: Your new title scheme is good, but you're going to run out of people and I'm going to laugh.  Oh my God, you're putting my mother's cats on the Supreme Court.
    

21,April,2004


	 
      What a rotten day!  I feel like screaming and strangling myself.  I got one of my worst report cards ever, then mamaged to lose $600 worth of orthodontic equipment.  I seriously feel like hitting my self repeatedly with a large rock and screaming at the top of my lungs.   AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA RRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR GGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG HHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  The Betty-one looks drowsy!
    

21,April,2004


	 
      WAWEWOWUWIWY!!!! GAGAGA! YAR! I be bored. this is my nonsense bored entry. I get to make one once a..a.... something. new feature for everyone.  WEEGOOWEEGOOOFISH Death to Moby Dick, I'm Thomas! DECK THE HARRS WIT BERRS OFF HORRY FARARARARARARARA! What, you think you some sort of jedi, with your jedi clothes, and your jedi weapon?THIS IS OUR ONCE A YEAR DAY! her is. I've got two turn tables and a microphone.  What goes around comes back! This is a public service anouncement, this is only a test! Emergency Evacuation Protest! Don't Get me wrong, its nice to be needed once in awhile! The greatest Reward in the world is to see you beautiful smile! I was Wandring around, I was searching the town I was looking for someone but they wouldn't be found.                                                  FIN!   The Betty-one looks drowsy!
    

20,April,2004


	 
      I haven't done much over at What Kind of Day Has It Been. I've got some prewritten entries that I don't want to type because I'm lazy. However I am doing Celebrated Weekend articles for a few weeks. What is Celebrated Weekend? I'm glad you asked: American Airlines' inflight magazine runs a regular feature where a celebrity will talk about their favorite city and what they like to do there, where they like to eat and stay. For example, "Martin Sheen's Las Vegas" or "Kiefer Sutherland's Toronto" I thought, "Why don't I do something like that." So I'm doing them about the Compendium gang!   So far I have "Thomas Fowler's Chicago", "Sophia Jacobs' Ireland", "Michael Christie's Los Angeles", "Marten Dollenger's Kalamazoo" and "Erin Chandler's Orlando".  [You can add Nathan Comstock's St. John's]   I'll do these again around this time next year. Hopefully we all can go to many great places between now and then! The Betty-one looks drowsy!  
    

20,April,2004


	 
      For Easter I got the Pirates of the Caribbean DVD. Keira Knightley cracks me up. She does commentary the way I do commentary. Randomly.  In the past few days I have learned a great deal from visiting the Royal Handmaiden Society website. I'm sure I've shared many of them with you. Like that Ani can't count, and Yané is silly, and Hayden tripped over a nightgown and Artoo fell over a lot. They also have a music video which is really pretty and is scored with an instrumental song, but if you play it while listening to "Into the West," it fits with that amazingly well.  I'm in a good mood because of Keira and because Dex's Diner just got reviewed by Kazzy, a fanfic author I greatly admire and whom I review all the time. She must've been like, "Who the hell IS this?" and read my profile and checked out Dex. And the review was favorable, and the gods have smiled upon me. Yay!  I vote for the Duck Man! He's a very intelligent guy, really. He would be great at the job. "Mr. President, what are you going to do about the war?" "What war?" "The taxes?" "What taxes?" Actually, he probably would realize and acknowledge the existence of those things. And give money to beggars, help with unemployment, etc. But imagine the press conferences. "Mr. President, about this duck on your head..." "What duck?" "Can we quote you on that?"  If the term "secretary" is outdated, why isn't Colin Powell referred to as Administrative Professional of State?  Irrelevant Spoiler of the Day: Wait, I have to look up what I said it was going to be... blah blah blah... oh, yes. Do any Jedi survive the dreaded "Jedi Purge," or, as Thomas would have it, Jedi Porridge? Yes. Obi-Wan survives; I'll give you three guesses as to where he ends up. Hint: It's hot and sandy and IN EVERY FORCEDAMN MOVIE. Master Yoda also survives and gets as far away from aforementioned planet and the spawn of Anakin as possible. A wise one, that Yoda.  The Betty-one looks drowsy!
    

20,April,2004


	 
      Three seperate posts in the course of ten minutes! What are the chances?
    

19,April,2004


	 
      If you couldn't understand the last one take heart, for I have a new title scheme: Prospective autobiography titles!  I'm thinking mostly for me, but some might be for you guys or other people entirely! Anyway, the Pajama Game is now over.  Thanks to all of you who came, came to half of it, would have come if you'd known the right time and hadn't had choir, or were out of town but expressed a desire to come.  I appreciate it.   So, I've decided to do Marching band.  Or not.  I'm still not sure.  The marching band people make these great, logical arguments when I'm with them, and then the non-marchers make sense when I'm with them.  So anyone who cares if I'm in Marching Band or not (Marten, Thomas) send me an e-mail outlining the pros and/or cons.  That might help.  If I am doing and want to be captian I have to write an essay by the end of the week. I am really not keeping up on these match-ups!  But today I'm setting up a big match involving a walrus, a walleye, a wallet, a walnut, a wall, Walt Disney, and Wally from DIlbert.  The will battle it out at Wal-Mart.  They may only use weapons purchased at Wal-Mart and have ten dollars to spend.  I'm giving all inatimate object telekinesis with a three foot range that can't be used on people directly. MArten - most of us respond to stuff in our own posts, rather than sticking things in each other's.  In the words of some girl on the interdisc boards, "i feel violated... like raped or something not nice" Here's some context:   mrs.harrypotter: I dont believe i need an introduction... im well fairly famous    [medit] Actually, this is Kelly Marchant. Just letting you guys know. [/medit]  hey now how did you guys do that i feel violated... like raped or something not nice   Something to think about.  The Betty-one looks drowsy!
    

19,April,2004


	 
      Ha, kinda like the store, only not.  Sorry.  Umm...so, thanks for the happiness, all.  It's appreciated, surely, and...that's about it!  Oh!  Yeah!  MY vote!  Daniel Day all the way!  MAKE WAY FOR DAY!  :D  Daniel will kick all of their butts to China-town because he could argue all day about the meaning of life in Greek (or maybe it's Arabic now?), French, and probably his made-up language.  He'd confuse Al Sharpton so much he'd end up being condemned to hell, but that's a-okay, because Day does't believe in all that!  At least I don't think he does...oh well.  He's a nice guy, anyway, and the only one of the four I've ever met.  Plus, Kelly's dating him, so that means a lot.  :D :D :D   The Betty-one looks drowsy!
    

19,April,2004


	 
      I'm happy for both of you.  Really.  Just try and keep the affectionate name calling and banter down on the blog.  And Thomas, I want you to tell me about any PDA's so I can make fun of them.  But no detail, please.  Also, I have a CD I need a copy made of.  I'll get it to you ASAP.  The Republican candidate was decided in a game of Soul Caliber because we couldn't find Mortal Combal and it's better anyway.  Of course, the Skeleton and Palpatine each tried to mind control each other until they were both trying to let the other one win, making it a competition to see who could lose best, with the loser winning.  The Skeleton was losing (winning) when he suddenly said "I sleep now" restoring Palpatine's control of his own mind for long enough to beat the crap out of the skeleton's character.  So Palpatine wins.  Opposing him for the Democrats will be:  The Duck man (from Discworld) Daniel Day (the one who used to go to middle school with most of us, not to be confused with Daniel Day Lewis, the actor) Lawrence Fishburne The Reverand Al Sharpton  Make your vote count!  The Betty-one looks drowsy!
    

19,April,2004


	 
      I've heard this conversation many, many times, several in a classroom and most of them in front of a teacher. Story Courtesy of Jonah.  [Why didn't Jonah post it?-Marten]   The Squid3188:  I'm going to copy and paste a story I just told Marten cause it's funny The Squid3188: I heard these two black guys talking in the bathroom today The Squid3188: and the first one was taking allergy pills The Squid3188: the second was said"man, whatcha takin' those for?" The Squid3188: and he was like, "Allergies, man" The Squid3188: "Well, what you allergic too?" The Squid3188: "Grass and Weeds" The Squid3188: "Man, how you gonna be allergic to weed?" The Squid3188: "Not marijuana, man.  Dandelions and shit" The Squid3188: "Oh.  I feel you, man.  I feel you"  Okay, even though this thought completely warrants a new post, I'm going to splice it in here. I saw something that almost sent me in a seizure right in the middle of the commons. Something so terrifying and evil that I almost screamed when I saw it.   Mrs. Howard was at LC.  I don't know why.  [incoming freshmen-Marten] I don't know how. [she can drive-Marten]  All I know is that she was there, and she scared the hell out of me. The Betty-one looks drowsy!
    

19,April,2004


	 
      If you are not already watching Alias and/or 24, you totally need to start. They have both after mediocre seasons, risen up and come back, with great directing (Ken Olin should totally win an Emmy for "Hourglass". Of course, it'll go to Christopher Misiano, but still. He should win it.) to great acting (Victor Garber who has come a long way from  Godspell  and Ron Rifkin, who may have sown up his own supporting actor in a drama nomination.  I know I'm just pimping my shows here, but seriously? They're awesome.  Alias: Sundays @ 9 on ABC; 24: Tuesdays @ 9 on FOX.  Also, Thomas thinks you should watch Scrubs. In fact you will watch Scrubs! Because who's the boss of you? Thomas is the boss of you.  Scrubs is Thursday @ 9:30 on NBC. The Betty-one looks drowsy! 
    

18,April,2004


	 
      Okay, if anyone doesn't remember Sophia's first post, It said something along the lines of being my super hot, way-cool friend who just happens to be a girl.  Then I complained, and stuff was said about lesbians in Arkansas, but thats not the point. The point is that now she  is  my super hot way-cool girlfriend, unless the fact that everyone and there mother knows creeps her out so much that she'll not dump me, but viciously throw me down like an annoying chipmunk sitting on her shoulder and biting her ear.  I really,  really  hope she doesn't do that.  I may be kinda weird, but after a while it makes perfect sense, to me atleast.  I've been dealing with some akwardness too, but you know, you're worth a bit of confusion.   The Betty-one looks drowsy!
    

18,April,2004


	 
      Sophia, you do not get the hat of shame. The hat of shame is for people who screw up. Thomas is wearing the Hat of Shame until his grade in math is better. You are sentenced to wear the (brand new!) Hat of Ill-Repute, forever and ever until the end of your days.  JournalCon date is (until someone tells me otherwise) May 7th-8th. We're doing Season Two of Sports Night in all it's horrible Dating Plan glory.  I'm working on a review of The Pajama Game, It'll be at What Kind of Day Has It Been tomorrow, unless I get lazy and maybe it won't ever get anywhere.  All I have to say is, Sophia, you missed a hell of a show.  The Betty-one looks drowsy!
    

18,April,2004


	 
      Omg. I thought the Pajama game tonight was at 7 as well...FART KNOCKERS!  I am SOOO sorry I missed it!!!  Dag gonnit...poop on a stick...GRRRRRRR!!!!   I AM SO FRUSTRATED WITH MYSELF RIGHT NOW!!!  P.S.  Nathan, are you going to the dress rehearsal tomorrow night?  If you are, I can pay you back for my ticket...how much was the ticket?  The Betty-one looks drowsy!
    

17,April,2004


	 
      This is just a short entry to say that the Pajama Game last night was awesome! Everything we were promised and more. Tiffany Webb is amazing, Jonah made for an excellent disgruntled employee and Nathan an excellent chorus member, and the orchestra too was pretty darn good. So hooray! Everybody get hyped!  Michael: Tact 101-- Tact does not mean lying, it means telling the truth gently. And, all jokes about you being dead inside aside, you're going to have to learn to use it because people tend not to like having their feelings hurt, and if you hurt their feelings you will sooner or later find yourself very much without friends.  The Betty-one looks drowsy!
    

17,April,2004


	 
      Disclaimer: Erin does not condone any women ever being struck like gongs.  Welcome to the blog, Rachel!  What I Did On My Field Trip I went to see a play called Private Lives it was funny. It had lots of witty banter that was very well done, it made me laugh. We went to the mall. We ate at the mall I also bought some books. They were The Truth and Night Watch, now there are only five Discworld books I dont own not counting the young adult ones and Last Hero. We got back at 2:30 and sat in the commons until the bell rang. This was a happy day. The End.  I am coming to Pajama Game tonight because tomorrow I am booked to go see Ella Enchanted with my aunt and my cousin and Toni. I can buy my own tickets, it's ok.   Dr. Disco was... bizarre.  [Girl, you stole my adjective! --Michael]  Somehow I think we pulled it off, but only just barely. If I ever hear Horrigan say "Oh my gosh" again I'm going to slap her. Amendment to the disclaimer: She is the only woman who should be struck regularly like a gong.  [Word. --Michael]   Oh! Palpatine! I vote Palpatine! Why? Because Palpy as president will bring corruption back to the Republic! He will put an end to democracy! The Trade Federation will free its influence over the bureaucrats and our people will be lost! He's the Phantom Menace! What could possibly be better than that? As Jonah pointed out, he would eventually just be destroyed by the Rebellion. In the meantime, we can call him "Palpy." Who needs Jedi, anyway?  Irrelevent spoiler of the day: Where have all the Jedi gone, long time passing? Where have all the Jedi gone long time ago? Where have all the Jedi gone? Gone to graveyards, every one. When will they ever learn? When will the ever learn? That's right, it's horrible, but in beginning around Episode three there is what we call a "Jedi Purge." Palpatine (he's the Phantom Menace, remember?) decides that he doesn't like the Jedi and hires people to kill them all. I weep. Next time: Do any Jedi survive this "Purge?"  Fanfiction Rec of the Week ("You might not care, but I do"): Wizzardly Accusations, a Discworld fic on ff.net in which Rincewind is accused of attempting to murder the Patrician and runs away a lot. He even throws a scent bomb at poor Angua! It's tough to be a werewolf.  The Betty-one looks drowsy!
    

16,April,2004


	 
      Rachel's in Iowa. Thomas is at Ben's house. Jonah and Nathan are doing something involving Pajamas. Marten is doing something, but not something that I can put my finger on, or see or smell or touch. Erin's doing that bizarre disco play. I don't know where Sophia is. I'm so very lonely...  Jonah: Bring my pants (and  all  of the change in my pockets) in a big bag to The Pajama Game. Otherwise they'll be lost in Jonah's room, among college brochures and clothes forever. And I liked those pants too!  Why shake hands when we can touch...other things? Like Lips... 
    

15,April,2004


	 
       one gets my scheme anyway it doesn't really matter.   We can buy you the tickets for Sunday on Saturday, but have the money with you and pay us back after the show if at all possible.  There is Youth Group, so I guess that's a plan. Marten and Michael, please get your pants out of my house at your earliest convenience. And check out Other SIde of the Corndog even if you just did, because there is a special bonus update.   Why shake hands when we can touch...other things? Like Lips...
    

15,April,2004


	 
      Erin's not coming Sunday. Just wanted to point that out to Jonah (if he's reading this) Why shake hands when we can touch...other things? Like Lips...
    

15,April,2004


	 
      Okay, so here's the deal.  Since I'm dumb and can't think of what my title scheme should be, I'm just going to put random words up there until I can think of one.  Or maybe my scheme should be "random words."  I dunno yet.  I'll decide later.   I'm really sorry that I can't go with you guys to see "Pajama Game."  I'm really very upset about that, but I'll be in Iowa for a poopy soccer tournament....Comstock boys - do great! Today in choir our student teacher said that we sounded like chickens when we sang which got me to thinking (which isn't necessarily a good thing)....what if my choir and I happened to go to a farm or someplace with a lot of chickens and then started singing and the chickens were attracted to us!!!  "OMG THERE IS A CHICKEN HUMPING MY LEG!!!!!!"   Why shake hands when we can touch...other things? Like Lips...
    

14,April,2004


	 
      Okay, Jonah get tickets for Erin (unless Levi's comping her, if so we still want to sit by her), Marten, Sophia, Thomas, and I for Sunday. No I didn't go back and in a fit of OCD alphabetize those names. Stop looking at me like that. Rachel's not coming, 'cause she'll be in Iowa, which is sad. Can you get the tickets to Thomas or I (we're the closest, so that would make the most sense) before Sunday? I can pay you afterwards if you front the cash for me. Also is there a youth group that day and if so, why don't we all just go together from the show? It'd make sense. I'm all about sense and the making of it today.  Why shake hands when we can touch...other things? Like Lips..
    

14,April,2004


	 
      Ha, alliteration.  Anyway.  Welcome, Rach!  Nice to see you here!  Yay!  And I can't draw, either, so it's all peachy keen.  I'm the one on the blog who always gets yelled at for not posting enough or for posting really stupid entries or for saying "lol" a lot.  So, welcome again!  hehe.    I have no idea about any of those crazy people for president.  I'm stupid, remember?  But, seriously, anyone is better than Bush.  Based on names, the Skeleton gets my vote.  :D.  Anyway, I swear I had something better to say!  OH!  PAJAMA GAME!  I can come Sunday night...going to a movie Saturday night and another play Friday night...so Sunday night's the only time I can come, but I WANNA SEE IT WITH YOU ALL!  So Sunday is the only way, got it?!  Okay, now I'm done.  Bye!   Why shake hands when we can touch...other things? Like Lips...[hehehehehehehehe]
    

13,April,2004


	 
      I have to have a title scheme!?  Oh geez...well, I'm not sure what to do yet, so I'll have to get back to that later I suppose.  And thank you to the welcoming committee!  Martin is evil because he said my drawing of a brain was bad today and he made me feel stupid!  UGGHHHHHHHH!!!!!!  [MartEn is evil. And only because you wanted me to draw it for you]   That is all.  Why shake hands when we can touch...other things? Like Lips...
    

13,April,2004


	 
      We should post the rules on a seperate page and link to them.  Then we should add some crazy, random rules like  Rule Number six. There is absolutely NO.... Rule Number Six. (Props to Monty Python)  Anyway, welcome Rachel.  I'm posting this from the North Star room, cause I have nothing else to do.  I'm eating mysterious popcorn.  For the primary, although I'm offended that you never guess on my match-ups and comment on this the first time, I'm going with the Palpatine.  I'll go by their plans for Iraq.  Bush:   We've seen his rebuilding.  It's boring and it's going too slowly.  Bill Gates:   He'll probably institute a governement full of glitches so he can release Iraqi government 2.0 to fix the bugs, but it'll contain new ones, and pretty soon we'll just have to shut down Iraq and reboot.  The Skeleton:   He'll make all the Iraqis dance for his amusement.  This would be fun, but would probably just lead to a massive uprising the minute he says "I sleep now"  Palpatine:   He'll likely enslave the populace and force them to build a weapon that he'll use to enslave all the other countries, and pretty soon America would expand and become the Earth Empire, containing every country.  So we can see that Palpatine is best because he will bring world peace.  We'll all be united under one government.  Of course, it'll be a government of evil, but sooner or later we'll be saved by Luke and things will all be ok.  So, If you want good seats to the Pajama Game, I need a number of people and a day by tomorrow.  Money would be nice, too, but I can cover you guys until I see you.  That is all.  I sleep now   Why shake hands when we can touch...other things? Like Lips...
    

13,April,2004


	 
      First of all, official greetings from unofficial mod. Welcome to the Blog Rachel, you need a title scheme.  All mine are quotes from web comics and other blogs, Erins are quotes from books and movies, Nathan has something musical, I dont remember what, Michael's are quotes from the west wing, thomas is welcome to fred, Sophia has band name ideas, and I can't figure out Jonahs.  You need one that isn't any of those. Other rules: Nothing can be deleted, but you can add edits in bold to other posts. You can change the template(little quote thing on the bottom) only after the one currently in use has been there for a week, unless its a special occasion.  there are probably some minor rules I'm forgetting, but.... oh well.   I could have sworn I edited in that we were going saturday after thomas posted we were going friday...   ( I edited in Sunday because all the marching stuff is on Saturday and I can't go, so I was encouraging everyone to come Sunday --Thomas)   Im stuck between Palpatine and the skeleton. They should fight in Mortal Kombat. literaly.  That is, play against eachother in the video game.  Why shake hands when we can touch...other things? Like Lips...
    

12,April,2004


	 
      Yay for Rachel who nailed her post on the first time!   Okay, I thought I would be offended when I read about the CoS Primary (even though the current president is an incumbent with an intention to run for re-election, so unless a challenger arises, there is no official "Republican Primary") but I really wasn't.  My opinions (and handy odds!) are thus:  George W. Bush : Please, Lord, not again. The man led us through September 11th. He did good. He led us into a war in Afghanistan, which didn't lead to serious problems. THE MAN NEEDS A FOUR-YEAR VACATION! After two wars (one that's a losing battle at this point ) he really needs to Get Out. Now. But I like his cabinet. Condolezza Rice kicks ass! Seriously, a viable female candidate if she desires to run. Might give Hillary a run for her money.  Odds 5:1    Bill Gates : Seriously? Can you imagine Bill Gates saying to the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, "Commence bombing on select military sites." That's just all kinds of wrong. The man can't design a good operating system, why would he be good as president?  Odds 50:1    Senator Palpatine : He's the model of a modern Republican. I regret to have said that as now Jonah will begin singing Pirates of Penzance now. But seriously, he is. He's got the geek vote And geeks a group that was essential in Bush's first election bid. Look for him to win a few primaries but peter out around Super Tuesday.  Odds 3:1    The Lost Skeleton of Cadavra : Perfect. Loud, Sarcastic, A little bit bitchy and concise. He's the ideal Republican candidate.  Odds 2:1   By the way, if a box of hair ran against John Kerry in the next primary, it would probably be more in tune with issues, speak more eloquently, and govern the country in a way that's fair to all, even more so than Kerry. But seriously, if you think America needs a president who can snowboard? Then vote for Kerry.  What else was I going to say? I don't know, that's your problem, I sleep now. Why shake hands when we can touch...other things? Like Lips...
    

11,April,2004


	 
      Hola Hola Coca Cola!  Okay, so I've finally got this thing figured out, and I will be posting on here anytime something stupid comes to mind.  Actually, that's a bad idea because then I would be posting about 50 times a day...Anyway! For my very first entry (woo hoo!) I'll just talk about my other day at practice.  Okay, here's what happened...My team and I were running laps and we happened to come upon some ducks.  My friend Megan decided that she wanted to catch a duck, so she ran to go get one.  Well obviously the ducks flew away!  Which got me to thinking...why don't ducks live in trees?  I mean, they can fly so it's apparent that they can live in a tree or at least stand on a tree limb if they wanted to, but I've never ever seen a duck in a tree!  And now I want to!  My goal in life is to see a duck in a tree!   Why shake hands when we can touch...other things? Like Lips......that's a good question!  I think it would be a great idea to walk up to some random person, introduce myself, and touch their lips.  That way I can give and take germs and become sick and die faster than normal!  That's the best idea I've ever heard!...Or perhaps it's the dumbest thing I've ever heard...
    

11,April,2004


	 
      I realized something to day.  I can no longer remember which of my friends went to Fall Creek with me and which ones I met in High School.  The fact that I remember middle school so vaguely is worrying to me.  I think I may be going senile early.  I've decided that I need a feature, like fanfic recommendations or match-ups.  So to celebrate election year, I'm having our vary own Compendium of Stupidity election simulator.  Since we have so few people, I'm letting everyone vote in both primaries.  First the Republican primary.  The candidates are:   George W. Bush Bill Gates Senator Palpatine The Lost Skeleton of Cadavra!  Cast your votes in your next post.  Why shake hands when we can touch...other things? Like Lips...
    

11,April,2004


	 
      Fine, we'll go Sunday. There's not a chance in hell I'm playing musical chairs though. Thomas must see The Lost Skeleton of Cadavra before it leaves Castleton Arts since he so totally wrote it. Also is it wrong that I find the fact that Marten got stood up by the Comstocks and I absolutely hilarious. By the way, Nathan made two mysterious bathroom trips.  I have SpongeBob Uno! Yay!  Why shake hands when we can shake...other things? Like Lips.
    

10,April,2004


	 
      Marten, I have yet to receive the hat of triumph, so I am ineligible for the hat of shame, that means that you get it if anyone does. I went to the IYC thing, and it was wonderful! The only low point was this guy who came on and claimed who was going to do "We Got Trouble Right Here in River City" style song and then spouted mindless dribble for around 15 minutes. No singing involved. Anywho Nathan and Alice and all the others were really good. Everyone go to Pajama Game Sunday  [I think we're going Sunday-Marten]   [No, we're going Saturday.--Michael]   No Michael, I am going Sunday then because I am busy Saturday, so Marten should come then. On Saturday, come to the World's Biggest Game of Musical Chairs, which requires 8,500 people, on Saturday and the Lawrence Park football field place. To get in free, bring your own chairs! Michael come to the musical chairs Saturday -Why shake hands when we can shake...other things?
    

09,April,2004


	 
      I havn't posted in a while, but Thomas hasn't posted in even longer, so the hat of shame lies with him.    I went to a baptist church last night! It was interesting. The man yelled. A lot.  And he didn't use his voice properly so he sounded like a louder whinier michael.  However, he had some interesting things to say, and to be fair, it was all true, but its point of view, you know? the way they interpret things, its different.  more on that on the lobby. The Lost Skeleton of Cadavra has to be the best movie. Ever. But don't see it alone, cuz it sucks when you watch it without anyone to make fun of it with.  A horrible experience I had to go through because Michael neglected to tell me of a time change.  But all is well, because Jonah paid for my ticket the second time, and I got to punch Michael in the stomach.  Why shake hands when we can touch other things?
    

09,April,2004


	 
      Jonah-- Yeah, that is an old one. And all these years I was just waiting for such an occasion as this to use it properly. I do remember Levi's hardwood floors website. That was hysterical.  Nathan-- Congratulations on the braces! :)  Yesterday was one of the coolest days ever. Mrs. Horrigan has this friend who has done plays on Broadway and everything, and he came to talk to us in SRT. His name's Ben Davis, and he went to LN. He's been in Les Mis on Broadway and a touring production of Les Mis, La Boheme on Broadway and in LA, and Thoroughly Modern Millie on Broadway. He's worked with Baz Luhrman and he's met Nicole Kidman and Leonardo DiCaprio and Hugh Jackman and James Gandolfini and James Lipton and all kinds of people. He got a Tony for La Boheme and he brought it and we all got to hold it. I got to hold an actual Tony Award! And then he sang for us. Twice. He has an amazingly beautiful voice. Plus he was really really nice. How cool is that?  Ok, I lied about having the fanfic rec up yesterday. I didn't feel like it yesterday. So it will be on Saturdays. This is all part of my grand scheme to confuse the new bloggers as much as possible when they get here. "You might not care, but I do." For this week's rec, I decided to buck tradition and go with something non-Star Wars. And I've been talking about Discworld a lot lately, so it's not that either. Instead, it is a Chicago one-shot called "Somebody Got Murdered." It's on good old ff.net. It talks about the various violent crimes committed by the six merry murderesses and the sweetest little jazz killer. It's actually very good as far as characterization and mood, even though it's a songfic, which I usually hate.  It's time to bring this ship into the shore, and throw away the oar forever.
    

09,April,2004


	 
      My braces are gone!  No more braces for Nathan!  And I can eat anything I want! In other news, the Cabaret and the Easter Egg hunt were both huge successes.  At any rate, we didn't crash and burn at the Cabaret, which is more than I can say for Josh. The Easter egg hunt had way more people than anyone expected.  We didn't hide enough eggs for everyone, but it turned out ok.  It's time to bring this ship into the shore, and throw away the oar forever.
    

09,April,2004


	 
      Erin - Wow, that takes me back.  That injoke probably predates my relationships with Marten, Thomas, and Michael (I don't actually remember when I met Sophia).  Do you remember Levi's hardwood floors website?  Anyway, I found out via Michael that there is a Moulin Rouge soundtrack II which has all the good stuff missing off the first one.  If anyone is ever looking for something to buy me that might be worth bearing in mind.  I never gave you the update on the watermelon vs a slightly larger watermelon in a pole-vulting competition.  Well, neither watermelon has arms, so the real question is, will the extra size increase the thrust of the watermelon or just add dead weight.  Of course, the larger watermelon can hold a bigger pole, which would get it higher.  So the verdict is the slightly larger watermelon.  I'll conclude with a shameless advertising plug of : The Pajama Game! Your school doesn't have a musical, so come to ours.    SEE:  A knife throwing exhibition by the amazing Vernon Hines! THe best Tropical Spanish nightclub in Cedar Rapids, Iowa! Everybody dressed for the fifties! People losing their pants to humorous effect!  HEAR:  A man singing a duet with a tape recorder! A random middle of the show number that rivals Cabin Fever! "I love you"... in morse code!  WITNESS:  The titanic struggle for Pajama Survival! You won't want to miss...  THE PAJAMA GAME  Coming soon to a Lawrence North near you! April 17 @ 7:30 and April 18 @ 2:00   It's time to bring this ship into the shore, and throw away the oar forever.
    

08,April,2004


	 
      Okay, that's outside my title scheme, but I had to break it just this once in celebration of the fact that our kitchen now has hardwood floors! This is very exciting for me.   Moving on, I have a new Discworld theory. I developed it while I was bored in Precal. I don't really want to disclose too much, because I think I'm going to write a story about it and I want some of y'all to be surprised. But I'm going to have to buy Night Watch. And for some reason I can't even begin to rationalize I've started to try to figure out the Discworld timeline again. Or, as I like to call it, The Glass Clock of DOOM. Especially considering that Theif of Time was mainly Pterry's big excuse for his crappy chronology and just made it worse.   Irrelevant spoiler of the Day: That's right, I know it's heartbreaking, but you remember Darth Vader? You know, the tall guy with the menacing breathing? He's Anakin. Ani falls to the dark side. Feel free to weep.  Next time: Where have all the Jedi gone? The Original Trilogy comes out on DVD in September, and the Episode III premiere is May 19, '05! Woo!   Let's see... what else did I have to say... Oh, yeah!  I'm bringing back the fanfiction recommendation of the week! And it will be every week! And it will be starting on Friday! ("You might not care, but I do.")  Sigh... sometimes I wish I had a life. And then I think... no, nevermind.  It's time to bring this ship into the shore, and throw away the oar forever.
    

07,April,2004


	 
      For those of you who haven't heard, Rachel Bossi and Paul Simmons are new members of the blog. Or will be as soon as Rachel decides to sign up and Jonah sends the invitation to Paul.   I'm blogging from school, because I'm grounded (for two days) because I didn't wash my dishes. Feh.  I'm sitting next to a girl who comes into the library everyday and sends e-mails to her uh..."significant other" consisting of nothing other then "HEY BABY! I MISS YOU! I LOVE YOU." She seriously creeps me the hell out.  It's time to bring this ship into the shore, and throw away the oar.
    

05,April,2004


	 
      I'm back too!  I finished my paper, although it sucks.  I don't particularly care, though, because it's only 60% of the 6 weeks grade.  There's still 40% of other crap.  So there.  Anyway, my cruise was AMAZING and I actually got something similar to a tan (it's still reddish).  I burn SO easily...ick.  Anyways, I'm sad I missed JournalCon and "bitchpants".  Sounds like a super-great time, though.  I answered all those questions!  Yay!  And congrats, Erin, on the new fan fiction!  It's fun stuff, and your title sounds like coolness.  Ha, I'm still in editing mode, I just changed the last sentence because the phrase "sounds coolness" wouldn't have worked.  Crazy stuff.  Anyway, bye bye!   It's time to bring this ship into the shore, and throw away the oar forever.
    

03,April,2004


	 
      Yay! Comstocks have returned! Indianapolis just hasn't been the same.  Journalcon was fun. Erin, if you read this in time, please bring the tapes to youth group so they can listen to a bit of the madness. The new template fits my current mood perfectly.  This research paper is driving me mad! I'm about half-way done with it, but I have a real headache, and have taken two naps because of it.  It's like pulling teeth out of my ears.  I am generally Goshenellumpth.  Oh well. Back to work.  It's time to bring this ship into the shore, and throw away the oar forever.
    

02,April,2004


	 
      This title implies my final change to the title scheme, at least for now.  Songs.  All Songs, but mostly still musicals with some classic rock and folk music thrown in.  By the way, I officially love so called "classic rock", especially Styx, Journey, and REO Speedwagon.  More on that if I feel like it.  I'm gonna be posting more now.  Things have calmed down a lot.  I have my Saturdays back for a while.  Life is ok. It's not good.  My grade took a serious dive last six weeks and it's looking very likely I'll take home my first D on a report card ever.  I may be able to raise it before it gets on my transcript, but not before the six weeks.  And more than likely Mom and Dad will make me quit New Dimension next year if that happens. One more thing:  Orson Scott Card remains the best author ever.  I highly recommend "Maps in a Mirror".   It's time to bring this ship into the shore, and throw away the oar forever.
    

02,April,2004


	 
      That quote is from Jersey Girl, which I just saw. I love Liv Tyler, but it's funny because Ben Affleck tries to act. Like, with human emotions.  Jonah-- Yeah, Nathan can definitely read Monstrous Regiment. It is good, isn't it? :) I think the only reason I bought the Corndog thing was because I was in a heightened emotional state, due to my recent publication. And the Moulin Rouge soundtrack does have some of the good songs on it. Like the Elephant Love Medley. I love the Elephant Love Medley. I love it whenever Ewan McGregor belts out pretty words.  Plus, if you guys who were gone haven't heard about JournalCon 1.5 yet, all I can say is that it involved the word "bitchpants." Quite a lot. And how often do you get to say that?  I'll go do the Friday Five now.    It came with a matching tie, using a liberal definition of the term "matching" They're both made of fabric? Pretty much.
    

02,April,2004


	 
      I'm back!!! So the trip to Florida was full of Comstock-like hilarity, some of which will soon surface on Tales from the Other Side of the Corndog.  When we actually got to Florida, there were many Comstocks and therefore much more hilarity, including: -My cousin David who brought his girlfriend to meet the Comstocks after only nine months of dating. -My cousin Paula's husband, Georgio, whose English is very good, but is still week enough to lead to several amusing translation stories. -The quote "I feel like a lizard!" actually making sense. -The mysterious "mini golfing" trips. I also went shopping, and my aunt paid as her b-day present to me.  I got: Newsies on DVD, Silly Songs with Larry on CD, and the Moulin Rouge soundtrack (which sucks, because they axed good songs that were in the movie in favor of "Moulin Rouge inspired" crap by "popular" artists).   I'm happy to report that my cousin Paula in Italy is going start reading TftosotC and, possibly, by extension, CoS.  That is, when she gets a computer in her new house, which is the next priority after running water and a bed.  So that means international readership for Jonah!  By the way, thank you very much Michael for ruining my joke, which Erin actually seemed to be buying. And speaking of Erin, as soon as I finish posting I will go over to Fanfiction.net and start reading!    BTW, I loved Monstrous Regiment.  Can Nathan read it before I return it?   It came with a matching tie, using a liberal definition of the term "matching" They're both made of fabric? Pretty much.
    

02,April,2004


	 
      I think everyone on this blog is quite aware of my hair situations.  It came with a matching tie, using a liberal definition of the term "matching" They're both made of fabric? Pretty much.
    

02,April,2004


	 
      It's Friday Five Time. (NATHAN AND SOPHIA, PLEASE DO LAST WEEK'S FIRST!)   1. Is your hair naturally curly, wavy, or straight? Long or short?  Michael: Short and Straight. Jonah:  Straight, short, and generally psycho Erin: wavy, and sort of a middle-length Nathan: My hair flips... right.  both sides do.  I hate it.  It's fairly long for a guy. Thomas: My hair sort of fluctuates. I think it is mostly medium lenth and straight. Sophia:  My hair is flip-y.  It flips out at the ends...and, medium length?  2. How has your hair changed over your lifetime?  Michael: It was longer and then it was shorter and now it's kind of in the middle again. Jonah:  It fell out when I was two, but since its grown back it's been more or less the same, save the rat tail fiasco, which is best forgotten. Erin: It was curly, then it was straight, then it was wavy and frizzy... I don't want to talk about the bangs. They were bad. Nathan:  More than I can say. Thomas: First it was normal parted, then it was bowl cut, then buzz cut, and now back to sort of normal part.  Sophia:  Long, short, long, short, orange.  3. How do your normally wear your hair?  Michael: However the hell it looks when I get out of bed. Seriously. Jonah:  Diddo, except on Sundays when I put a bunch of gel on it. Erin: down Nathan: With pride. Thomas: Great answer Nathan. I wear my hear however it wants to be worn. It talks to me every morning after I wake up with its requests. Sophia:  out of my face.  4. If you could change your hair this minute, what would it look like?  Michael: It would be blue. No it wouldn't. I don't know! I like my hair the way it is! Jonah:  It would be cooperative. Erin: It would no longer be frizzy, but would make up it's mind as to whether it wants to be curly or straight. Nathan:  Flourescent blue.  And not just highlights, either. Thomas: I would have longer sideburns, dyed hot pink. Sophia:  MINE WOULD BE HOT PINK, TOO!!!  5. Ever had a hair disaster? What happened?  Michael: My hair got overchlorinated and nasty when I was in Kindergarten. That's actually the only thing. Jonah:  It's consistently bad, but not disastrous. Erin: Not to my recollection. There have been many days of Magrat hair, but I've learned to love them. Nathan: On the bus home from Branson it did some pretty weird stuff, but I thought it actually looked pretty cool. Thomas: My hair has generally been pretty calm, and it knows that I do not tolerate disasters. Sophia:  Oh, in 3rd grade I got it cut awfully and looked dreadful.  But that's about it. It came with a matching tie, using a liberal definition of the term "matching" They're both made of fabric? Pretty much.
    

01,April,2004


	 
      IT'S UP! IT'S UP IT'S UP IT'S UP! Everybody please please go to fanfiction.net and click on movies and click on Star Wars, and there is Dex's Diner by ME! Celebrate!  It came with a matching tie, using a liberal definition of the term "matching" They're both made of fabric? Pretty much.
    

01,April,2004


	 
      I JUST POSTED A STORY ON FANFICTION.NET! Yeah, I know it's April Fool's Day, but I'm serious! I did! It's Dex's Diner! So everybody look for it there within the next few days, because I POSTED IT! AHHH!  It came with a matching tie, using a liberal definition of the term "matching" They're both made of fabric? Pretty much.
    

31,May,2004


	 
      Summer School starts Friday. That is the stupidest thing I have ever heard.   That is all.  I want to STUFF the MONKEY!
    

30,May,2004


	 
      Ok, so that made absolutely no sense, but y'know what?  I don't care.  Welcome back Marten, you crazy drama king.  Very sorry about Merryl, can't wait to see the chess set.  Anyway, it's now been summer for 2 1/2 days and It's not been as relaxing as I hoped. Commencement, open houses, relatives - I just want to relax.  Plus, I missed my first Corndog update since I went once a week.  That kinda sucks. At least I had a good time at Erin's open house.  It was too bad Marten and Thomas couldn't make it. OH wel, we'll all meet up at Youth Group at least.  I want to STUFF the MONKEY! ^Can anyone explain this!?!
    

29,May,2004


	 
      Marten's back! Wow! I had four days! I win the bet!  Okay, now for my first JournalCon-less post in a while.  I hate the Cicadas. My mom hates them too and has been freaking out since March when she found out that they were coming. On the other hand Dad has been sympathetic to the cicadas, thinking that we were all big wusses and that as long as the didn’t bother him, he would remain blasé about them. That’s until one of them got in his car. Yeah. So now dad is firmly in the anti-cicada camp. He’s been rambling about cicadas for the last twelve hours, and when we went to the video store in Marsh, he told the clerk that he had cicadas in his car, and then he bought a bottle of Raid Flying Insect Killer, but I wisely checked the side to see what it killed, and it was more Fruitfly than Cicada. So we got the one that kills crickets. Personally, I don’t think anything short of Sarin will work, but it’s his money.  I saw Miracle last night, and in between realizing that Kurt Russell as Herb Bloom is Jonah’s  urlLink fashon guru *, I realized that it was possible for America to dream again, especially after four years with the most ineffectual president ever. (Jimmy Carter is a good man. Good President? Not so much…) Actually I realized that a movie that could have been pure undriven treacle was actually pretty damn good, because of a few different factors. 1.) Patricia Clarkson 2.) The Hockey players were very good, and managed to act pretty well considering that the were actual hockey players and not actors. 3.) Patricia Clarkson 4.) The last scene is still suspenseful even though you know how it’s going to end 5.) Patricia Clarkson 6.) It’s remarkably done, and better than it should have been, because of… 7.) Patricia Clarkson  I’m staying home today instead of going to a race party at some friends of my parents house. I have to do laundry, but it’s still worth it.  Okay, I’m pretty much done here. This is Michael Christie, signing off.  *I couldn't find a good picture of his pants, but the man had a serious plaid fetish.  I want to STUFF the MONKEY!
    

29,May,2004


	 
      Hello all. I'm back from Vincennes! It was a lot of fun!  I got this crazy old chess set!  The pieces are hand carved and you can't tell what they are, but it's really Cor!  I also met this girl named Merryl, and she's really cool.  Unfortunately, she lives in a trailer with no computer and no telephone, and I lost her address, so I can't send her letters.  Anyway, After sleeping on it for a couple of days, I decided that my departure from Compendium was a little rash and I'm back.  But we seriously need to do more blogging and less party planning. Ok?  And Rachel and Sophia - post more!  I want to STUFF the MONKEY!
    

29,May,2004


	 
      and that is precisely why it's important to keep on living, to not give up hope."  I needed the entire quote there. It's just a great quote.  Okay, Marten's left the blog. Where do we go from here? Since one of the reasons that Marten left was because Compendium "had become a message board for planning parties", I have to ask, Do you want fewer JournalCons? No JournalCons? I had just planned out the summer because it would be hard for me to make rounds and plan them the way I usually did because we're not in school. So if I seemed anal and controlling, that's the only reason why.  On a different note, I met two of the Sushi People! Ashley (who is awesome) and...and...I think there was another one, but I for some reason don't remember her. Which is sad. But Ashley was cool. And so was "The Day After Tomorrow". It was a great summer movie, I loved it, I loved the trailers before it, only problem was the lame-ass wolf subplot. Very uncool. Everything else rocked.  I want to STUFF the MONKEY!
    

27,May,2004


	 
      Marten just quit. And not in the way I did, with the eventual return, I mean he deleted his membership here. His statement should be here soon, but I think he's actually serious.  In which case we're Post-Sorkin West Wing.  Oy!  I want to STUFF the MONKEY!
    

26,May,2004


	 
      Blow this for a lark, I'm out.  I want to STUFF the MONKEY!
    

26,May,2004


	 
      I'm posting a little soon after my last post, but I wanted to mention that I did great on my Algebra final, managed to nullify the D- I got in Speech by not doing anything, and I'm done with my finals (I have Art 1st block and Japanese (which I'm skipping) the second. I'm reading recaps, baby!(Apologies to Thomas, who has Algebra II and AP World History finals tomorrow. That sucks, dude.)   Erin: Write Your Full Disclosure!  I want to STUFF the MONKEY!
    

26,May,2004


	 
      Today we had our first chamber choir meeting for next year.  I'd like to think I made a  urlLink good first impression .  More likely they thought I was pretty weird.  There is, of course a  urlLink logical explanation  for everything, but they didn't know that.  Oh well, at least nothing else can surprise them too much.  Also, I love having both a digital camera and a geocities page.  It makes blogging even more fun!  I want to STUFF the MONKEY!
    

26,May,2004


	 
      I'm rejiggering JournalCons again!  We're going to continue with WestWingCon (Season One) on June 4th, because Erin doesn't care if she's there or not. I tried to do Top ten of the season, but there are too many damn subplots so we're going with fifteen.  Here's the final list: RERUN: Sports Night "Quo Vadimus" 1. Pilot 2. Post Hoc, Ergo Propter Hoc 3. A Proportional Response 4. Five Votes Down 5. The Crackpots and These Women 6. Mr. Willis of Ohio 7. The Short List 8. In Excelsis Deo 9. He Shall, From Time to Time 10. Celestial Navigation 11. Six Meetings Before Lunch 12. Let Bartlet Be Bartlet 13. Mandatory Minimums 14. Lies, Damn Lies and Statistics 15. What Kind of Day Has It Been  August 27th will hopefully be a CutCon, anything we don't get to at the MovieCons will go there I want to STUFF the MONKEY!
    

26,May,2004


	 
      SO much to say... and yet absolutely nothing.  I'm Bass section leader next year.  Technically I'll be in charge of ten other people.  They won't listen, but that's a problem for next year.  It still makes me happy. What does not make me happy is that the "recommended" summer dance classes are now mandatory... for me.  And only me.  But oh well.  I need it. The new SRT system sucks!  Is it happening at LC too?  I need to know so I can figure out how to structure my rant. Also it is way too hard to get a drivers license in this city.  Bureaucracy sucks. Besides those unrelated pseudorants, I have very little to say, so I'll leave you with a really bad poem.  Trees aren't blue Neither are you You know what to do So give me my shoe  This isn't funny It's really just random Keep doing stuff like this And you won't develop a fandom  That last line sucked and so does this poem so I'm gonna stop now.  I hope you enjoyed that, but somehow I doubt it.  I'll post again when I make sense.  I want to STUFF the MONKEY!
    

25,May,2004


	 
      Maybe that's more of a CD title.  ANYWAY!  I haven't been to church in a month and I don't plan on going back EVER!  SO THERE!  ha.  Just kidding, sorry, I don't know where that came from.  Now I'm really sad that I didn't go to MOM!!!  Wait, was Kelly in it?  Cuz if she was...I swear to Buddha...she's dead!!!  That evil little girl hasn't talked to me in so long!  COMSTOCK!  Tell Kelly to talk to me.  Got it?  I don't even particularly care which one of you does it...I know that both of you know her.  But not everyone does, so, back to my point.  What was my point?  Oh yeah.  I haven't been here in forever!  And, as retarded as I am, I so can NOT find this calendar thing.  I know that you explained everything earlier, Michael, and I thank you for that, but I'm much too lazy to go back and look, and, besides, I'm only writing this to procrastinate more on writing my Drama critique.  You know what?  I just won't do it!  I was just doing it for extra credit anyway.  Well, poo on that!  If I may say so myself!  HMMPH!  Anyway.  Again.  Bye!  I want to STUFF the MONKEY!
    

25,May,2004


	 
      Hi, guys. I'm glad to hear that MoM went so well; I would've loved to have gone. And I want to thank you guys for saying I didn't have to-- that means you are first-class, stand-up guys.  Oh, dear. Okay. This is all I have to say about the youth group situation, and then I hope it's all done. The idea that religion isn't important to us, or whatever, probably came from my post, although that's not what I meant to imply at all. It's just that I went to Sunday School for eight years. I've been confirmed. And I've been in groups where you just learn the seven sacraments over and over, but then I've also been in groups where everybody knows the sacraments and we get to talk about more personal aspects of faith. So Marten, Thomas, and Michael convinced me to come to youth group and I thought, okay, these are people I would be happy to do that with. I feel really bad for contributing to the breakdown of the larger group. I felt horrible when Patty pointed it out, I felt horrible when Jonah pointed it out. And I do appreciate that you guys have to keep going there and have to find some way to make it work. The point of my earlier post was more to make a suggestion than to complain, but if it rubbed people the wrong way, I'm sorry. Really. I know you're all wonderful people, and I'm sure Patty and the rest of the people in the group are as well. I'm done talking now.  On a lighter note, Lookit! I learned how to change the thingy!  I want to STUFF the MONKEY!
    

25,May,2004


	 
      Hey guys!  I'm sorry it's been so incredibly long since I've last updated...I've been pretty busy as you can tell.    Anyway, I'm assuming that the Comstocks made Jekyll and Hyde...?  I know The Pirate King did.  Good Job!  Mr. Stafford said that I was one of the people on the list of names of those they wanted, but when it came down to it, I just had too many conflicts.  Poo.  I really wanted to be in it!  But it makes me feel better to know that I didn't make it because of my soccer schedule and not because I have no talent.  Recently I went back to Fall Creek Valley with Central Sound.  It brought back a lot of memories.  I saw Mr. Rawlinson...he didn't remember me, but that's okay!  "Faster Pace, Higher Level, Pay Attention to Detail!" ha!  Mrs. Springer was running around the school...she remembered me, so that made me happy!  She still has the Anne Frank quote on the giant pencil above her door, and the students just recently did the poems...I remember Jonah's rendition of "The Raven."  That was some great stuff!  I heard that Mrs. Williams has cancer or something, so she's gone now...sad.  Sixth grade English and Literature would never have been the same without her!  Oh, and tell me why when I got home that night I started downloading some School House Rock songs?  Yay Mr. Harvey!  That's all for now kids!  I've gotta get some last minute memorizing in for my drama final!  The ultimate starship is Alfre Woodard's forehead.
    

25,May,2004


	 
      BTW, that's not a cop-out.  I'm seriously considering it for my autobiography title.   Anyway, I apologize for some of what I said. I was a little upset about the King's Island thing, how it seems like you guys are intentionally setting up for a confrontation.  I think you guys care about the group more than I thought - you just want to make some changes, and that's fair.  So, let's just try to do it in a peaceful way. Also, thank you all so much for coming to PseudoMOM.  If you enjoyed watching it half as much as we enjoyed putting it on, than we enjoyed it twice as much as you. In conclusion, I love you all. (But in a totally nonsexual way)  (Except for Sophia) (No, just kidding) (Mostly)   The ultimate starship is Alfre Woodard's forehead.
    

24,May,2004


	 
      I added the template, and it's random and funny and part of Jacob's Wrinkle in Time recap. Go read it.   Okay, Jonah, I think you're taking a tad too much credit for the bringing of people into the Youth Group. I recommended it to Erin, so that was pretty much me, although it is indirectly related to you. And also the part about us not liking the religion part is such complete and utter bullshit it's not even funny. I never said I had a problem with the religious part or the worship. That's fine, I knew that would be a part of a church sponsored Youth Group. But to play the same games every week will just end in madness! And also if Kraig is the person I'm thinking of, he specifically said that he was going to be busy for a while and wouldn't be coming!   And, yeah. I joined the group so we could hang out together. That's pretty much the only reason I'm there. I'm sorry if the desire to see Jonah and Nathan more than once every two months is such a bad thing, if it is, than believe me, I won't be coming back in two weeks.  By the way, AnimationCon is dead, So the new schedule looks something like this: June 1 - WestWingCon (Season 1) - 3:00  June 11 - MovieCon! - 3:00  June 18 - WestWingCon (Season 2) - 3:00  July 17 - MusicalCon! With Special Guest "Camp" - 4:00   Note the changes.   Okay, I went to meeting of the minds, and if I had wanted to shove sharp metal objects in Jonah's eye earlier, the desire is all but gone now. LN Lyceum rocks. The funniest moment of the night? I'm not going to play favorites with the sketches, but when Mrs. Means got up and started talking about how great the class was and how her car broke and how she didn't bring snacks, the entire class was standing up there like when Michael Moore (ASS!) brought all of the Documentary nominees on stage and started yelling at Bush and then the people behind him were wondering "What am I doing here?" and rolling their eyes and looking like Deer in headlights.   Seriously, y'all rock. Props to you. The ultimate starship is Alfre Woodard's forehead.
    

24,May,2004


	 
      Jonah, if you're pinning crap on me, then you are in for such a flogging.  I'm not in full agreement with Michael's post, but I'm not happy with the way Patty overreacts to things. I apologize for sunday, it was largely my fault we weren't involved, but I'm bringing board games to the next meeting, because hide and seek is just really boring when it's not a lock-in.  Especially when your locked out of the hiding place the first game and yelled at for not playing the second.  Still, I'm all for a more unified youth group, where we can actually plan things, but just by our nature we're going to be atleast slightly disorganized, and Patty needs to realize this and work with us instead of helping to create an atmosphere in which we're working against her.  Perhaps Erin is right, and she isn't the person to be working with older kids.  I'm hoping you(jonah) can take a little more control, I feel like under your leadership that we can be, for the most part, self directed and Patty can worry about the younger kids.  Who added this template? It's stupid. It's not funny, just stupid. The ultimate starship is Alfre Woodard's forehead.
    

24,May,2004


	 
      I agree with Jonah -The ultimate starship is Alfre Woodard's forehead.
    

24,May,2004


	 
      I'm tired of this.  I have to spend two more years with Patty, and with you guys (exceptin' Erin).  This uneasy peace, with you guys talking about her behind her back, is not gonna last.  And it puts me in a difficult and unfair position.  After all, intentionally or not, I brought you guys to the group more or less.  So any conflict that arises is gonna be my fault.  I like you guys and Journalcons, but I also owe the group my support, if not for Patty herself than for the church.  And you all don't seem to have noticed that as our little clique grows, we're losing people.  Has anybody seen Kraig lately?  Does anyone know where he is?   As Erin said, you joined the group so we could hang out together.  I think that's the wrong reason.  If you don't like Patty and you don't want to do Youth Group things (which, amazingly enough, involve religion) than consider whether you should be coming.  Because to join the Youth Group, scare away other people, and then bitch about Patty and how things are run seems stupid and counterproductive. So that's my stance. (BTW, It's worth noting that most of that stuff doesn't really apply to Thomas or Nathan.)   The ultimate starship is Alfre Woodard's forehead.
    

24,May,2004


	 
      Nathan and Thomas, There's no "c" in Jekyll. Just for the record. Props to Jonah and Marten for spelling it right. Hat of shame is to be equally split among the two of you.  Since Erin is leaving the 27th of August (something she didn't POST ON THE CALENDAR!), I call for a boycott of the King's Island trip. We already have MovieCon that week, and I don't want to rejigger the schedule. King's Island going to be lame anyway, because King's Island is over-rated and going means spending an entire day with Patty, and that's just not cool.   So, you're either in or you're out. Right now.  The ultimate starship is Alfre Woodard's forehead.
    

23,May,2004


	 
      Arrgh! Michael, I TOLD you already, over and over, that I'm leaving on the 27th of August! So please bump musicalcon up!  Haha, you're all in school right now. And I'm not. I got up at 10:43. I'm still wearing my pajamas. Smugness.  I have to agree with Michael in that there should be two youth groups. I'm personally not much of a youth group person in that I keep my religious things very private, and the whole "let's all hold hands and pray and quote Bible verses and sing songs with total strangers" thing kind of makes me uncomfortable. But I think it would be much better if there was a younger group who could do that, and an older group that could be more self-directed... like, we know the Bible stories already, what do we think about them? Plus, I really don't think Patty knows how to handle older kids. Especially not older kids like us. I started coming to the youth group to hang out with you guys, not be yelled at by this perpetually jumpy woman. So, all in all, I'm kind of glad it's pretty much over for me. Anyway.  The ultimate starship is Alfre Woodard's forehead.
    

23,May,2004


	 
      Comstocks, there is no possible way that you could appreciate either Levi or ChewBaccalaureates enough. For tonight was the night when two became one. No, wait that's not at all what happened. It was like Jed and Josh in "We Killed Yamamoto" or Jeremy and Natalie in "And the Crowd Goes Wild". For tonight, the continuing conflicts within the CPC Youth Group came to a head.  I'm going to recap this for the Comstocks and Paul, because they have every right to know. Tonight, Patty had us play the Hide and Go Seek game, with one of the younger girls as "it." She proceeded to hide in the bi-partisan bathroom (Okay, it's uni-sex, whatev.) So we looked and eventually everyone was gone, and decided that they were in the bathroom. So we tried to get in, but the entire youth group was inside that bathroom, and ended up deciding to keep us locked out. Eventually, I said "Screw It." and we went back to the room-thingy. I warmed up a pizza and munched on it while we waited for them to come back. I made the "I find you loathesome and my hatred of you knows no bounds joke" when they did. So they decide to do round 2, and Thomas volunteers to hide, in what is the only other hiding space in the entire church, the darkened Choir Closet/Room/Thing. So we're not exactly thrilled with playing it again, especially as they didn't really seem to want us to play it. So we sat and talked for a while, and Patty came out and asked why we weren't playing, and I said, "Wasn't fun the first time, won't be the second." which was pretty much one of my "call it as I see it moments", but it was patronizing and Marten chastised me for it. He was right, as usual. Eventually the collective group figured out that was only one other hiding spot in the entire church, so they found Thomas, and paraded back to the room-thingy. Thomas came and sat down with us, and we talked for a couple of minutes before worship.  Then Patty came.  She wasn't happy with us sitting out of the game, because it's a youth group and it's supposed to be one and not two groups and that the fact that we sat out sent the message that we were better than everyone else or something else "that [she] could not begin to fathom". So we went back to the room-thingy and we sat through the stiffest Worship session ever, and then Patty decided to "clear the air" which basically was yet another passive-aggressive attack on Erin, Marten and I not playing Hide and Go Seek. By then it was 7:30 and we all left.  I'm not going to editorialize. I'm just going to say two things.  1.) There's something wrong with a Youth Group expects High Schoolers to play Tag and Hide and Go Seek, week after week after week and also enjoy it. 2.) It's a two group Youth Group. The High Schoolers are going to segregate as their own group and The Girls segregate as their own group and with an age range as broad as the one at this group, it cannot be reasonably expected to function as one single group all the time.  I'm probably hypocritical in saying this, but the Youth Group isn't working. Considering that I just joined the group two months ago, I'm not a expert on the dynamics and structure of a Church Youth Group. But sometimes an outsider is able to see things that others miss. It's the whole principle behind editing. I'm not going to be able to change policy, that'll (probably) be Jonah and Thomas's jobs. But we need change, and we need it soon. For this youth group will unite or it will fall.  The ultimate starship is Alfre Woodard's forehead.
    

22,May,2004


	 
      Okay, Since I'm too lazy to edit that post, bump every one down a week so that the first Con is the 11th of June and the last one is the 27 of August.  Also: Thomas is too busy. He's like a Comstock on steroids. He's going to be the first Compendium-er to have an ulcer. Or possibly drop dead of exhaustion.  The ultimate starship is Alfre Woodard's forehead.
    

21,May,2004


	 
      Hey, Erin, guess what?  Stephanie Gunderson is going to Hanover.  Isn't that cool?  She remembers you from elementary and middle school and was excited to hear you were going.  Anyway, in other news: Today is the first day of the rest of my life, the last day of my life so far, and the middle day of a period of time which contains an amount of time before it and after it which are equal.  The point of all that? There is none. Enterprise is safe, at least for another year.  UPN is still to scared to axe Star Trek.  I'm happy, because I think the show is finally coming into it's own and getting pretty good.  It's still not level with TNG or DS9, but it's on Voyager or Original Series footing. Match up: 11 1/2 wins, because of the reason.  The square root of orange also wins, but only on a technicality.  Since I cannot surpass that level of weird, I will end the match-ups.  Some day, I will start a new feature, a great feature, an amazing feature, the feature to end all features.  But that day is not today! I only have one thing left to say to you, and this is it.
    

19,May,2004


	 
      ...Who do you think I'm going to agree with?"  Okay Temporary JournalCon Dates:  June 1 - WestWingCon (Season 1) - 3:00 June 11 - AnimationCon! - 3:00 June 18 - WestWingCon (Season 2) - 3:00 July 9 - MovieCon! - 3:00  July 17 - MusicalCon! With Special Guest "Camp" - 4:00 August 27 -   FUTURECONS: "AngelCon!" "StarWarsCon!" and possibly, if the rest of us don't shoot it down "AnimeCon!"  I only have one thing left to say to you, and this is it.
    

19,May,2004


	 
      I feel sad, and I don't know why... This has been going on for awhile now, and if anyone can inform me why I am sad, it would be greatly appreciated. In other news, section leaders, drum majors, band council members, and the concept/music of next years show were announced tonight. Jack McCarthy is now a drum major, which is a complete shock and joy. The trumpets will now be able to run the band through a puppet regime! The tyrannical reign of John Trippy is now officially over with the crowning of Natalie Perry, Becky Boruff, and Georgia Kuss as our new section leaders. Alice is also now a flute section leader. No one else knows the other section leaders. Our show next year will be completely awesome, but apparently I am not allowed to share with you what its concept is. I shall tell you all at a later time. On further note, school is almost over huzzah!! Congratulations to Marten, Jonah, and Nathan for all making Jeckyll and Hyde! By the time you read this, I will be 16! Finally.... I only have one thing left to say to you, and this is it.
    

18,May,2004


	 
      Okay, when I created the calendar, I didn't do it for my own benefit. Don't say "I have Triennium, blah, blah, blah, fishcakes." Post it on the calendar. Thank you.   I'm open to hosting a double JournalCon. But I'm not sure that the current format of JournalCons (Watch TV, eat Pizza) would work well. I may be wrong. Float The West Wing by them and see what they think. I'm open to other idea (but I really don't think having them at any of the Bring-Your-Own-MovieCons is a good idea, we're pushing 24 hours of movie as it is.  Also, the Login for the calendar is your Last name, first initial, and your password has eight letters and rhymes with "assword". You can change it to meet your needs upon login.   I only have one thing left to say to you, and this is it.
    

17,May,2004


	 
      My summer schedule is shaping up.  Jeckyll and Hyde, learning to drive, hopefully working with Somalian refugees, plus Triennium and Show Choir camp.  Besides all that, part of each day has to be devoted to working out for Show Choir season and relearning German II.  Hopefully there'll still be some time to relax. If not, though, I won't complain.  I'm learning how to enjoy the busy life.  I'm sure it's something that'll come in handy later in life.  I only have two things left to say to you, and that was one, and I guess technically that was the other one, which makes this the third so actually I'm already way over. 
    

17,May,2004


	 
      Ok, I don't know whose autobiography that is, but it's a wicked good title.  Maybe for Martha Stewart.  Anyway, Nathan and I made chorus!  And so did Marten!  And Sarah and I were talking, and we want to have a double journalcon with the sushi people at some point.  Some of them are interested in meeting some of you or something. Paul, that is a strange project indeed, but I have a master plan to make mine awesome. Today's match-up.  11 1/2 vs the square root of an orange.  11 1/2 is armed with happiness, and the square root of an orange is clad in swiss cheese.  They are playing psychological death handball by notation. The results of the last match, which was kept a secret for government reasons, is that General Brooks won, but the Easter Bunny was darn close.  Everything else is classified. So, that's about it.   I only have one thing left to say to you, and this is it.
    

17,May,2004


	 
      Okay, I'm officially through having ulcers trying to plan these JournalCons, so I've taken initiative. I've created a group schedule at Hunt Calendars. If you have something a week, please add it there so I don't have to go around and find all of you.   Gratias, Tibi Ago, Domine.  URL is here:  urlLink http://www.huntcal.com/cgi/calview.cgi/Compendium/JournalCon  I only have one thing left to say to you, and this is it.
    

17,May,2004


	 
      Well, I'm flattered that everyone thinks my house would be a good place for con.  I'd be happy to have one of the many planned cons once schools out.  Also, Marten (there I spelled it right) do you still play magic?  If so, Tyler and I need a third person for and 3 on 3 sealed deck tournament on Saturday at the convention center.  Speaking of Tyler, he says his invitation to the blog has expired, would someone send him another one?  One last thing, I have the most bizarre final for AP world history.  I have to make a wood carving like ones made by the Maori peoples of New Zealand that represents me.  That's my final exam grade.  That is 25% of my grade.  How strange?   I only have one thing left to say to you, and this is it.  Nyerpe.
    

17,May,2004


	 
      Basic Plan here.  WestWingCon: Season One 1.  Pilot 2.  A Proportional Response 3.  The Crackpots and These Women 4.  The Short List 5.  In Excelsis Deo 6.  Celestial Navigation 7.  20 Hours in LA 8.  Six Meetings Before Lunch 9.  Lies, Damn Lies and Statistics 10. What Kind of Day Has It Been  WestWingCon: Season Two   1.  In The Shadow of Two Gunmen, Part I 2.  In The Shadow of Two Gunmen, Part II 3.  The Midterms 4.  Shibboleth 5.  Galileo 6.  Noel 7.  17 People 8.  The Fall's Gonna Kill You 9.  18th & Potomac 10. Two Cathedrals  I only have one thing left to say to you, and this is it.
    

17,May,2004


	 
      I have one day of high school left. It really hasn't hit me yet. It still seems like there's so much crap to do, and I don't think I'll be able to completely relax until I've seen my final grades. One Acts is tonight. Ha ha. That should be interesting. I can't believe I only have one more day as an active LC student. It's weird. It's scary. Hold me.  Irrelevant spoiler of the day: I am running out of irrelevant spoilers. I must consider changing their format. For today, how about this... Episode III will probably be nothing like the episode of Gilmore Girls I have to miss tonight because of the stupid One Acts. I would say that's pretty accurate.  I only have one thing left to say to you, and this is it.
    

17,May,2004


	 
      Marten, I hate to bring your hopes down, but there were fifty-nine people there today, and at least twenty were guys.  We all still might have gotten in, but I certainly don't think any of us have it 'made'.  And Rachel tried out! And she danced like a whore!  Yay, Rachel!   I got called back, but not to sing.  I read for Utterson and then for Lord Savage, and then they told me to leave.  Six or seven guys stayed after I and four or five others were dismissed.  We're supposed to be called sometime tommorow.  Hopefully I'll be home. Since I won't post tommorrow: Happy Birthday Ashley, thanks for sharing 5 1/2 of your 192 months with me.   If you know what show my title is from you win a prize.  Family members not eligible.  I only have one thing left to say to you, and its-- AAAARGGGGggghhhhhhhh.
    

16,May,2004


	 
      I realized the 28th didn't work after I posted it, but forgot to change it. I like the 4th though. Any Con invented by a person is held at that person's house. That means that they have to cover all expenses up to and including food and drink and also have to have comfy sitting area. Paul and the Comstocks have this, I've never been to the homes of Marten, Erin, Sophia, Thomas, Rachel or Tyler so I can't judge their homes yet, however, I'm allergic to cats, so I don't think Marten's house will work.  Okay Here's the schedule for Cons: MovieCon, WestWingCon, AnimationCon, WestWingCampCon, MusicalCon. We'll set dates to these when we get to that bridge.  Okay, Tim's a little bitch, so I have to go. Toodles!  I only have one thing left to say to you, and this is it.
    

15,May,2004


	 
      Oops! I forgot to mention that May 28th totally doesn't work for me. It does something completely the opposite of working. As does every single day in May up until the 30th, (although I think either the 30th or the 31st is also off) and also June 4, 5, and 6. I suggest we do it sometime after school gets out but before June 4th. That's just my opinion. The 28th is my graduation rehearsal during the day and my cousin's graduation in the evening. Also, how about doing it at somebody else's house this time? Also, does anyone else have an opinion on what movie I'm bringing? Also, if everybody wants Love Actually we have to have a separate StarWarsCon. Before or after September when the OT DVD comes out is up to you.  When do I get to do the thingy at the bottom, and how?  Irrelevant spoiler: You see that? They did that with CGI.   I only have one thing left to say to you, and this is it.
    

15,May,2004


	 
      Okay, Galaxy Quest, Munchausen, Lost In Translation, (my pick)Love Actually and Ferris Bueller are in, even though I have ideological objections with it and Matthew Broderick. Seriously if I had to pick an actor who did funny work in the eighties, let his career slip in the 90s and who does great stage work now, I'd pick  urlLink this guy . Broderick's just so smarmy! Although, he does get points for playing Bloom in The Producers. Still he impregnated Sarah Jessica Parker with his smarmy spawn and that is unacceptable!  By the way:  AnimationCon:  Erin: Rachel: Tyler: Paul: Jonah: Chicken Run Nathan:  Michael: Spirited Away Thomas: Sophia:DUMBO!!! Marten:  and...  MusicalCon: Erin: Camelot Rachel: Tyler: Paul: Jonah: Either Into the Woods or Newsies Nathan: Camp (if I can get a copy on DVD) Michael: The Sound of Music Thomas: Sophia:undecided...dangit. Marten: I only have one thing left to say to you, and this is it.
    

15,May,2004


	 
      I'm going to take this opportunity to make a random post.  If Marten got one I do too.  But first, my vote is for Yoda Nader, the wicked cucumber of the west. Dynomite is not for use with mouths.  This is a valuable lesson, because when forgotten it leads to lots of corrective dental work.  And speaking of corrective dental work, The country of Nigeria is soon to be taken over by hungry penguins.  However, this is not as bad as it sounds.  Because soon after they've taken over they'll have lunch, and then they'll be normal non-hungry penguins.  and everyone knows that nonhungry penguins ae easily removed. Now onto wax: No. And now, onto the fifth chapter of the wombat.  A long time ago in a small glass jar, there wasn't a wombat.  Wasn't?  Uh oh, it must have escaped!!!! Oh no!  Watch out, it could be anywhere. Except Atlantic city. You know why?  Cause ur mom, that's why!  Boo-Yah! In conclusion, if you see my sanity, tell it it can stay in Hawaii, I'm doing just fine without it!   I only have one thing left to say to you, and it's that my pants are on fire!!!!
    

15,May,2004


	 
      Yeah, pathetic title, I know.  Anyway, I have no idea what movie I want to bring.  You completely annhilated (i spelled that wrong, didn't I?  curse late nights and little sleep!) two of my favorite genres.  Does Silly Songs with Larry count as a musical?  Cuz I understand that Dumbo's out thanks to the AnimationCon and Grease and whatnot is out until MusicalCon or whatever it'll be called...why don't you have a "ChickFlickCon" too so that I'm further lost.  Yet not in translation.  Haha.  I'm hilarious.  Anyway, I still have no idea what movie to bring.  I'm sure Pirates of the Caribbean is taken or all bloggers are exhausted with the stunning performance of Johnny Depp.  But I DON'T KNOW what to bring!  I'll end up bringing a tape-turned-DVD of my 5th grade musical production thing and make ya'll sit through it.  Ha, how'd you like THAT?!  I only have one thing left to say to you, and this is it.
    

15,May,2004


	 
      Well, boys and girls, as far as movie JournalCon goes, I would like to put it to a vote. It shall be either Attack of the Clones, because Michael hasn't seen it (complete with constant snarking, of course-- I wouldn't ask anyone to watch it with a straight face), or Love Actually. For those of you who don't feel informed enough to vote, I shall inform you. AOTC is a rollicking impressive CGI adventure into the Star Wars universe, critically acclaimed as "better than The Phantom Menace." It chronicles the beginning of the Clone Wars, which were made famous in A New Hope with the line, "You fought in the Clone Wars?" (Indeed he did, Luke. Indeed he did.) Obi-Wan Kenobi is sent off to hunt down assassins (See "Dex's Diner") while, for reasons beyond all comprehension, the Jedi Council decides to send Anakin Skywalker to guard Senator Padme Amidala's body. They go to a pretty secluded place and Ani proceeds to seduce the Senator very badly. (Featuring the Worst Pickup Line Ever! And Intense Staring!) This is okay, however, because the Senator is very bad at being seduced. She keeps saying things like, "Don't look at me like that. It makes me uncomfortable," and "You'll be expelled from the Order," and "It will destroy us." Silly Padme. The only way to solve this problem is, of course, to go to Tatooine. Then there's a battle. There's nothing like a near-death experience for finding the way to a woman's heart. Love Actually is, indeed, The Ultimate Romantic Comedy. I can't recap all the plots, because look how long it took me to do just one. Basically, there's a wedding, there's an affair, people fall in love, Christmas is all around me, and on Christmas you tell the truth, and American girls are easy, and Alan Rickman and Emma Thompson, and Hugh Grant dancing around because he's Prime Minister and Billy Bob Thornton is President, and Keira Knightley, and female half nudity, and Portugese, and Liam Neeson and the arrivals gate at Heathrow Airport, and love actually is all around.  I vote for Yoda. Do I even need to explain why?  Fanfic rec of last week ("You might not care," etc.): "Pinch in Time." It's a Discworld fic, Carrot and Angua. Basically, Angua tries to run away again, but this fic is different from all the others with this setup, because Carrot can't say "Don't." Because somebody broke his lifetimer. And now Angua and Death and a dwarf watchman and Susan have to find out who and why and save him. I don't know if it'll get finished, it hasn't been updated in a while, but it's good. Poor Angua. It sucks to be a werewolf. I only have one thing left to say to you, and this is it.
    

15,May,2004


	 
      Nathan: If 40% of the running time of the movie has singing occuring, then it's a musical. Also, I'm considering an AnimationCon, so hold off on Animated movies too.  Also,  urlLink Monday   is a big day for Nathan and Marten.  Enjoy Boston, you two!  [Would have been funnier if it were Jonah and I, if you remember that one youth group meeting. plus nate has a girlfriend, making him immune to gay jokes-Marten]  I only have one thing left to say to you, and this is it.
    

15,May,2004


	 
      Gospel Music rules, y'all.  Sophia, you missed a great show.  Just wanted to say that.  Ashley's birds apparently want me dead.  Except Ziggy.  I like Ziggy.  He hasn't bitten me yet.  Angel, on the other hand, tried to eat my face last night. [of course, knowing you two, Ashley probably did, too-Marten]    Michael:  Could you please define 'musical' for us.  It's a thin line sometimes.  I mean,there's movies with singing that aren't really musicals, but some people call them musicals.  And common musicals that are  technically  opera.  So I need to know exactly what you consider to be a musical before I choose a movie.  In other news, the lack of votes in the democratic primary resulted in a tie between Daniel and The Duckman, and the Duckman won that pong match.  Daniel, however is his running mate.  Palpatine has chosen Christopher Lee as his running mate.  Sharpton is running as an independant.  Now for the incredibly politically absurd and cheesy 'green party' election.  Nominees are: Kermit the Frog Yoda Larry the Cucumber The Wicked Witch of the West Ralph Nader (wearing green paint) SO GET OUT THERE AND VOTE. I only have one thing left to say to you, and this is it.  
    

14,May,2004


	 
      I auditioned for Jekyll and Hyde today, and it went well, I suppose. I wasn't the first to be sent away, but not the last either. I'm pretty sure I've got atleast a chorus part. In terms of casting, at best I'm a pimp, at worst I'm a manservant. Ironic, isn't it?  I might try out for Fiddler on the Roof at Carmel Community theatre as a back up Meanwhile, check out the lobby! I sound good again!  I only have one thing left to say to you, and this is it.
    

14,May,2004


	 
      Okay, I'm in the early stages of planning MovieJournalCon. Does May 28th work for everyone? (Marten and I will be in Vincennes--Thomas) It's the day that school ends, ergo it's a half day, and we're going to need extra time for all these movies anyway. So edit your choices for movies in here below.  RESTRICTIONS are ars follows:  *NO MUSICALS! (We're having a seperate JournalCon for them. So don't bring one.) *Nothing over 140 minutes in length.  * NOTHING ON VHS!  DVD ONLY.  This is an absolute must.  Ladies and Gentlemen, Pick Your Movies.  Erin:   Sophia:   Marten:  The Adventures of Baron Munchausen  Michael:  Lost In Translation  Jonah:  Galaxy Quest  Nathan: If Erin chooses Love Actually, I choose Episode II  Rachel:   Thomas:  Ferris Bueller's Day Off  Paul:  Dr. No  Tyler:   You invited all my friends! And, in a move that stresses quantity over quality, you also invited all my enemies.
    

14,May,2004


	 
      Wow, Paul. It's only four years into the new millennium, so it might be a little early to pick the stupidest move yet. As of now, here are the nominees.  NBC greenlighting "Coupling" and "Whoopi": May 2002 The war in Iraq: March 2003 Sorkin leaving "The West Wing": May 2003 Terrorists deciding to invoke the wrath of a Republican President: September 2001 Paul spelling  Marten's   name wrong at Compendium of Stupidity: May 2004.  By the way, the titular speech is my persuasive speech, which I already posted on. I got the grade back and despite horrible horrible delivery, I still managed an 89. That's almost an A! Ha! What do you think of me now, suckas?   You invited all my friends! And, in a move that stresses  quantity over quality, you also invited all my enemies.
    

13,May,2004


	 
      Because Martin correctly guessed the card from my last post he wins the very prestegious prize of nothing.  From now on, Who ever correctly guesses the card wins more nothing.  You invited all my friends! And, in a move that stresses quantity over quality, you also invited all my enemies.
    

13,May,2004


	 
      I've got a massive splitting headache right now. The stupidest kid in an Algebra class chock full of stupid kids stole my special pen that Jonah gave me. I have to stay after school for Math Tutoring and ride the activity bus home, thanks to a deal with the  Federales . My name is Michael, and today is one of the longest days of my life.  Clever opening, huh? LC was interesting today, there was a house fire over by Harrison Hill and the smoke was being pumped into the ventilation system. Naturally, we smell smoke while in the Scene Shop. So we're freaking out because the scene shop is filled with paint (that's flame retardant, but still...), muslin, and a whole lot of wood. So we freak out until they find the source of the problem, namely the housefire on 56th St. We all had a good laugh about it afterwards. And by 'good laugh', I mean, not so much with the laughing, but more with the loud talking.  I'm ready to declare Hall Sweeps a massive failure. Teacher's aren't locking their doors. Students are being missed by the metaphorical "brooms". So it's a yet another spectacular failure by the LC Admistration that will go down in the Hall of Really Bad, Stupid, Ill-Concieved Ideas with  urlLink Edsels   and  urlLink The New Coke     Claire IMed me again last night and said "I think you're cute and I've had fun talking to you and I'd like you to ask me out." Okay, I totally added those last two, but she did say that she thought I was cute, which is a big deal...for me...  Eh...It'd never last.  urlLink LC/LN romances   never end up working out.  [Not to mention she's twice your size. It would be an LN Drama romance, only in reverse-Marten] Especially if you end up dating a girl who types with her face.  You invited all my friends! And, in a move that stresses quantity over quality, you also invited all my enemies.
    

12,May,2004


	 
      I've got a massive splitting headache right now. The stupidest kid in an Algebra class chock full of stupid kids stole my special pen that Jonah gave me. I have to stay after school for Math Tutoring and ride the activity bus home, thanks to a deal with the  Federales . My name is Michael, and today is one of the longest days of my life.  Clever opening, huh? LC was interesting today, there was a house fire over by Harrison Hill and the smoke was being pumped into the ventilation system. Naturally, we smell smoke while in the Scene Shop. So we're freaking out because the scene shop is filled with paint (that's flame retardant, but still...), muslin, and a whole lot of wood. So we freak out until they find the source of the problem, namely the housefire on 56th St. We all had a good laugh about it afterwards. And by 'good laugh', I mean, not so much with the laughing, but more with the loud talking.  I'm ready to declare Hall Sweeps a massive failure. Teacher's aren't locking their doors. Students are being missed by the metaphorical "brooms". So it's a yet another spectacular failure by the LC Admistration that will go down in the Hall of Really Bad, Stupid, Ill-Concieved Ideas with  urlLink Edsels   and  urlLink The New Coke     Claire IMed me again last night and said "I think you're cute and I've had fun talking to you and I'd like you to ask me out." Okay, I totally added those last two, but she did say that she thought I was cute, which is a big deal...for me...  Eh...It'd never last.  urlLink LC/LN romances   never end up working out. Especially if you end up dating a girl who types with her face.  You invited all my friends! And, in a move that stresses quantity over quality, you also invited all my enemies.
    

12,May,2004


	 
      Sorry to double post but this is really important!  But where do we fit in? How do I compare on the percentile-scale of true beauty? It's easy to find out! Here's the formula: "To do a self-analysis, draw an imaginary line from the pupil of your eye down toward your jaw. Draw a second line from the nostrils across your cheeks. The bottom of your cheekbone should fall at or below the intersection of these lines. If it is higher, your face may appear flat and masculine."  I am beautiful!  Next Time: The Trailer for The First Movie By Michael Christie. In Three Days, Brad Pitt is going to TRIM TIM: Volume One.  You invited all my friends! And, in a move that stresses quantity over quality, you also invited all my enemies.
    

11,May,2004


	 
      First off, Jonah, I need to have WORDS with you. Yes, they warrant capitalization. They also involve a person that I hate, and have said so to you on numerous occasions. If you weren't Poet Laureate of the Blog, I'd so absolutely kill you right now, it's not even funny. Also, you forgot Rachel in your Blog celebration, which also isn't funny.  I gave my anti-PE speech today, and it was absolutely disasterous. I didn't get 30 seconds into the speech before every person in that room was looking at me like "Oh my God, what is that crazy [white] boy thinking?". I just had not cards so a lot of the eloquency got lost in translation and I just stumbled through a my outline. It was awful. I have one word for Hall.  urlLink Tele-Prompter . Actually that's two words joined with a hyphen. My bad.  You invited all my friends! And, in a move that stresses quantity over quality, you also invited all my enemies.
    

11,May,2004


	 
      I'm out of the archives of Triangle and Robert! Woo!  Thankyou Jonah, for the wonderful anniversary post.  I smiled many a time.   I have only one thing left to say, and that is at the end of this post.  
    

11,May,2004


	 
      So, I failed to mention that Ashley was cofounder of Ah, my aching sushi.  This led to some fighting and...(I'm editing out Ashley's sn, in case she'd rather it not be all over the net) The Squid3188: I'm really sorry about all the killing Ashley: It's ok The Squid3188: But noe you're a creepy undead zombie Ashley: I know Ashley: And I want to avenge my death The Squid3188: crap Ashley: Hmm... A: And considering that you killed me A: .... A: Hmmm The Squid3188: The Devil made me do it The Squid3188: I mean A: I don't but that The Squid3188: It was nathan A: *buy A: I don't buy that either The Squid3188: he was secretly having an affair with Sarah A: I think you did it all on your own The Squid3188: so they plotted to trick me into posting the founder thing The Squid3188: so you'd attack me, and I'd have no choice but to kill you off A: I never attacked you A: I just blamed you for my death The Squid3188: even now they're off in the mountains toasting your death and laughing maniacly A: I know! A: I've known all along! A: YOu see, they had you do that, so that I'd kill YOU off The Squid3188: but why do I care if they're having an affair? A: You don't A: But they are evil adn wanted to kill you off A: THey had this idea that you'd interfer A: SO they got me to do it after I dies A: *died The Squid3188: but you won't A: But I will The Squid3188: that'd be playing right into the hands of the girl who betrayed you, took your boyfriend, and plotted the circumstances that led to your death! A: Right A: Give me a good reason not to The Squid3188: I'm on your side!  We're both victims.  But with my superpowers and your zombieness, we can defeat them A: Hmmm.... A: But what good would it do me? A: I'm already dead A: What do I care A: I could just kill you and then you and I could be dea together A: See? A: I'd have sompany The Squid3188: you said you wanted to avenge your death A: Yes A: ANd kill you The Squid3188: this is the way to do it The Squid3188: actually, no The Squid3188: you should kill me The Squid3188: that would teach them to run off with each other The Squid3188: we'll run off to a place they can't follow The Squid3188: very poetic A: Hmmm A: This reminds me of A midsummer night's dream A: But I don't know A: OR! A: I could kill you A: And then you coul kill off Nathan and I could kill off Sarah A: ANd so they'd also be dead The Squid3188: you know we'll all go to hell as murderers A: True A: Or I could just let you do the killing without killing you The Squid3188: Or we could end all the bloodshed and just have a big musical number A: OKay A: But I am still dead A: :-( The Squid3188: but if you can IM from beyond the grave, you should be able to sing A: Treu  You invited all my friends! And, in a move that stresses quantity over quality, you also invited all my enemies.
    

10,May,2004


	 
      I would like all of here at Compendium to give Jonah a huge round of applause for producing that amazing 500th post celebration! (And I say big I mean disc world big, like four elephants on the back of a turtle floating through space big). Edit in all your big rounds of applause for Jonah! Yay Jonah!!! Laurence Fishburne (from Maui): Go Jonah! -You invited all my friends! And, in a move that stresses quantity over quality, you also invited all my enemies.
    

10,May,2004


	 
      Announcer: Welcome, ladies and gentlemen to the Compendium of Stupidity once-in-a-lifetime event, the night you've all been waiting for, well, okay, the night some of you have briefly waited for and the rest of you don't know or care about, welcome to...    THE COMPENDIUM OF STUPIDITY 500 POST SPECTACULAR!    with your host, William Shatner! *Stunning lack of Applause* William Shatner:  Hi, I'm...   William Shatner.  Some of you...  May know me as... Captain James T. Kirk from....  Star Trek.  But today, I'm here to... host this... spectacular event. But first a... word from Jonah Comstock. Jonah: Guys, I'm really sorry.  It was a last minute thing, and he was the only celebrity I could get!  Really!  Laurence is in MAui, and all the good Star Trek actors have too much pride. Jonathan Frakes: Not me!  I'll do it!  Didn't you see the will work for food sign! Shatner:  Quiet you! Jonah: (Awkward pause)  Anyway, I'm sure he won't be too bad. Shatner:  Thank you... Jonah.  I'm supposed to.... introduce our first... speaker.  But, instead I'm going to... sing a song from my next... solo album. Donald Trump: You're Fired. Jonah:  He's so right.  Hey Donald, you want to host. Trump:  No, but I am interested in buying out this blog. Jonah:  We'll work this out.  Mean while, let's welcome our first guest, Marten. Marten:  Sometime ago, I started this fine blog late on a friday night. Maybe it was thursday,or some other night all together. The point is that I started it. and Nate didn't. Sure he was there, but it was my machine, dram it. I posted first. It was about thinking I was pregnant because of an irrational craving for peanuts. I'm glad I'm male.  Also, just because Michael had the first blog doesn't mean it was his idea. Jerry Springer:  We didn't tell Marten, but we've brought fellow bloggers Nathan and Michael to the studio. (At this point the words "He took credit for my blog and is sleeping with my mother" appear at the bottom of the screen) Nathan: You're taking credit for my blog! Michael:  And you're sleeping with my mother! (A humorous fight ensues, until the security finally tear them apart) Announcer:  We'll be back after these messages. Message 1:  The doctor called to confirm your appointment for 3:00 Message 2:  The Germans! They're invading! Ahhh! Message 3:  Don't do drugs. Announcer:  By "messages", I kinda meant advertisements. Messages:  Like anyone would pay to advertise on this show. Announcer: What ever.  Welcome back to the 500 post spectacular, with your host The Olsen Twins. Mary Kate (Or possibly Ashley):  You know, we ARE two people! The other one: Did you see that, Ashley?  Our speaker credits are even mixed up. Mar- Ash- Who cares?: That's it.  We are so leaving.  The next guest is somebody. Thomas: I have loved this blog like a child. I can't believe it's 500 now! It seems like yesterday when this blog was 10! It may seem like I ignored the blog for awhile, but it was a secret affair between the blog and I. (Thomas winks a huge wink at the camera) Jonah:  I kinda need to buy some time here. Trump:  Well, now that you mention it Jonah:  Quiet you!  Anyway, here's Amaris "Sarah" Moon, founder of Compendium-based blog "Oh my aching sushi." Sarah:  Compendium is the sole reason for my existence, the lone joy in my life, the one truth in a world of darkness. Without Compendium, there would be no such thing as "Oh, My Aching Sushi!" (collective gasp) Compendium is my inspiration to go out and make a difference in the world.  It has made me learn to stop and wonder about the big things in life, such conundrums as whether the staff at McDonald's is actually conspiring against me every time they forget the cheese on my Cheddar Melt. I owe everything to Compendium. Adam West:  Wow.  That was beautiful.  By the way, I'm Adam West.  You might remember me as Batman.  Remember Batman?  Wasn't he cool?  Wasn't I cool?  Cooler than Toby Macguire.  I mean what kind of super hero is a nerd? Jonah: *ahem* Adam West:  I'm here to tell you about how you can make money in your sleep. Jonah: *ahemhem* Adam West:  I mean, our next guest is Taul Pyler, who recently suffered a cloning accident, but is both a new blogger and a prospective one. Pyler:  Hi, I'm Tyler.  Or Paul.  Nevermind.  Anyway, I've only been with Compendium a little while but... Wait a minute, I'm not on Compendium yet, I'm still no wait.  I've got a headache.  No I don't! Announcer:  And that's all we have time for.  Now, to finish off this magical night, a montage of past templates  All characters portrayed in this blog are fictional. Any resemblence to a real person, living or dead is one hell of a coincidence.  SQEE! SQUEE! SQ(U)EE! Yar, This Be a Super Ball! ~.... what's that guy's name, anyway? Sit Ubu, Sit. Good Dog.  Woof!  I don't like it. I don't like it at all.  It's okay! I had Subway!  Whats the point of calling it a laptop if you're not supposed to use it on your lap?  Good Lord, there's a modem in my shoe! He'll try to tuck and roll, but it won't work because he has square pants  Does my sexiness offend you?  Wacky is filling your car's gas tank with 3-octane gasoline. Absurd is filling your car's tank with a ferret.  I fell down the chimney onto a flaming goose! Well, rotate my vertices and call me a trapezoid!  I know from sparrows to starlings. After that, everything's a duck, as far as I'm concerned.  Oy with the fishcakes already!  Stop Kemps! We're playing Euchre! The vegetable must be destroyed. The vegetable must NOT be destroyed!  History is about to crack wide open. Millennium Approaches.  History is about to crack wide open. Hold on to something.  History is a giant crack. Sorry, I couldn't help myself  But you could be having sex with Yoko Ono right now!  It's the smell of freedom... and the chemicals they treat your dashboard with.  But you also find yourself saying 'Natalie, if you screw that up again I'll set you on fire.'  Shut up, Carrie. You don't want a baby. You want shoes. Tammy's testicle ad may compromise our ability to win this task.  Stop this war! Shame on you, Hobbits!  It arrests this war, his disonore of the main extremities of the title!  That's Adorable! Justice makes it giggle! Nothing ruins an evening at the movies like being struck down by the wrath of God.  Anyway, he seems like he'd be the guy who scores drugs for everyone, except there are never any drugs in musicals. He says he can get a "samurai sword" and some "grass skirts." Huh? What the hell are people into on this island?  This car belongs to the evil Dr. Stegman, who parks in spots that don't belong to him and finds Andrew McCarthy to be petulant and oddly short.  It's raining turkeys; what more do you need?!  It came with a matching tie, using a liberal definition of the term "matching" They're both made of fabric? Pretty much.'  It's time to bring this ship into the shore, and throw away the oar forever.  Why shake hands when we can shake...other things? Like Lips.  The Betty-one looks drowsy!  Oh my God, you're putting my mother's cats on the Supreme Court. It is his love, it is his life, it is his fault he didn't lock the garage!  You invited all my friends! And, in a move that stresses quantity over quality, you also invited all my enemies. Robo-host:  Well, that was just wonderful, wasn't it?  So many memories.  Now blog member Sophia would like to say a few words. Sophia: I just wanted- Robo-host: Word limit of few(def: 3) words reached.  Discontinue talking. Now, we'll conclude with Erin, who is with us via satellite. Erin:  Do I get to talk? Or are you going to cut me off? (pause for answer) Robo-host: 5 second pause signifies talking finished.  That's our show, goodnight everyone.  (Robo-host explodes)
    

10,May,2004


	 
      Whoa, I don't check in for a few days and bang everything is all...blue.  I kind of like it though.  Anyways, I got a new cello, and its a vast improvement over my old crappy cello with a crack in it.  What else, Oh yeah, I'm going to be on Cats eye next year.  For you LC people, its LN's news/announcment show.  I'll probably get stuck with some boring job like lighting though.  Also I played in a magic tournament and did really bad.  You wouldn't believe how anal some people are about the rules.    In a high whiney voice  "No, you can't play that because your second main phase is over and that signifies that all damage on the stack is removed so you'll have to wait until my upkeep to do that, and then it won't do you any good.  Gosh did you like learn to play yesterday or something?" pshht Did you learn to play with a stick up your butt or something?  What a loser, even though I lost that one.  Well, I'm done.  You invited all my friends! And, in a move that stresses quantity over quality, you also invited all my enemies
    

10,May,2004


	 
      I'm taking advantage of an altogether to brief respite in my incredibly busy life to complain about it.  I'm doing too much, and it's driving me insane.  I'll skip on the details.  But basically, I'm about to find out how much one person can take before he just shuts down.   Come spring pops show Wednesday at 7:00.  It's the only chance you'll get to see my hip and trendy disco attire.  Trust me, you don't want to miss it. My pants are tight and flair at the bottom.  It is most humorous. When things cool down and I have time, I'm gonna get my new blog up.  It will contain most humorous recaps of my life, leaving this blog for more intelligent discussion.  Things cool down around May 30th, btw. No.  The title makes no sense.  Don't ask.  You invited all my friends! And, in a move that stresses quantity over quality, you also invited all my enemies.
    

10,May,2004


	 
      Okay, I'm grounded for a couple of days, so my posts will happen early in the morning, during lunch and after my parents go to sleep. Because I'm all about the circumvention.  I kind of miss the ability to read previous posts so that you could respond to things in them. That was cool. Damn. I just realized that I screwed up the Corndog link. I'm going to fix that now. I had something I wanted to say, but I totally forget what it was now.  You invited all my friends! And, in a move that stresses quantity over quality, you also invited all my enemies.
    

10,May,2004


	 
      So, I fixed MIchael's changes to the template and deleted that useless Previous Posts thing.  However, I'm not sure it'll publish, because the stupid thing has said 19% for sometime now. Ok, it worked, but I still can't figure out why our sidebar migrates to the bottom.  It's quite annoying.  You invited all my friends! And, in a move that stresses quantity over quality, you also invited all my enemies.
    

10,May,2004


	 
      The new format's cool, but the links and cruft is all down at the bottom.... how'd that happen? oh, and when Im too lazy to find a web comic quote, Im using the random advertising slogan generator to come up with a title  You invited all my friends! And, in a move that stresses quantity over quality, you also invited all my enemies.
    

09,May,2004


	 
      The blue doesn't seem to be the classic Compendium style... Oh well. BOOO! Scared you! -You invited all my friends! And, in a move that stresses quantity over quality, you also invited all my enemies.
    

09,May,2004


	 
      Okay, I fixed the links and changed blog format. It took a long time, so my friends, if you want to change it back to the boring-ass format we had before, you can do that, we’re all administrators here. You can conquer the blog, like Charlemenge, but you better be prepared to fix the links aftwerwards and that takes frigging forever!    You invited all my friends! And, in a move that stresses quantity over quality, you also invited all my enemies.
    

09,May,2004


	 
      Marten, I'll fix your damn links when I get around to it. Blogger is awesome now, and since autistic people don't adjust well to change that's really big coming from me.  I would like to change the format. We're at 8 months. We're a blog in our prime, we're a prime blog.  Anyway, I really don't have anything to say. I sleep now. Not literally actually. It's more of a metaphorical sleep.  You invited all my friends! And, in a move that stresses quantity over quality, you also invited all my enemies.
    

09,May,2004


	 
      I don't think I've ever made this much more sense than Erin, except maybe durring our arguement about whether or not a werewolf would change while she was pregnant.  LuckEdc: Can you melt down anvils? MysteriousBob87: probably MysteriousBob87: i mean, how else would you make one? LuckEdc: well... you could carve it... out of... iron... rocks. MysteriousBob87: ... MysteriousBob87: no. you cant. LuckEdc: why not? MysteriousBob87: because. iron rocks wouldnt be carved LuckEdc: but why? MysteriousBob87: if they were weak enough to be carved then you couldnt bang hot sheets of metal on them without messing up the anvil LuckEdc: well, that's just the problem, isn't it. because you bang HOT metal on the anvils and so they could'nt be melted down. so where are the anvils now? MysteriousBob87: the hot metal isnt melted metal MysteriousBob87: its just hot MysteriousBob87: ive got one in my garage actually LuckEdc: but it would make the anvil hot, so the anvil would melt. MysteriousBob87: no it wouldnt LuckEdc: maybe that's where they are. they're all in people's garages. MysteriousBob87: you cant melt an anvil with something that isnt hot enough to be melted itself LuckEdc: hmmm... LuckEdc: point: marten MysteriousBob87: w00t!  On a side note, Blogger is annoying now! I want my links back! screw profiles, if they want to know who I am they can read the Archives. I sound like triangle complaining at the cartoonist...  You invited all my friends! And, in a move that stresses quantity over quality, you also invited all my enemies.
    

09,May,2004


	 
      We have a fansite! That's so cool! In other things, since there are like a dozen new schemes, in the spirit of "Change is Good", we should redesign Compendium. It'll be like that episode of The Simpsons with the Flaming Moe, and they change the bar style. We'll have a understated yet elegant monogram at the top of the page! Ha! Yeah, right. If we revamp with this crowd it's going to look like  urlLink Circus Circus . But it might eliminate the Italicization of Mass Destruction. Just an idea...  I'm extending an invitation to anyone at Compendium who is free on the 22nd of May (and who are not Erin or Thomas) and wants to go to a TWoPcon in Lafayette. It'll be fun!  You invited all my friends! And, in a move that stresses quantity over quality, you also invited all my enemies.
    

08,May,2004


	 
      False alarm, never mind... Don't know what I'm talking about? Sounds like a who can guess competition to me! There could be cookies awarded! All are eligible for entrance accept for Michael, who already knows. If you ask him, certain death shall befall you! Cookie Cookie Cookie! -It is his love, it is his life, it is his fault he didn't lock the garage!
    

08,May,2004


	 
      I've officially decided to stop including people's names in this title scheme.  I am posting to say that we appear to have been  urlLink copied!  They want to make sure we aren't offended, so if anyone is, post and let me know.  Otherwise they officially have our okay.  Others of you are probably wondering who they are.  One is Nate's girlfriend.  The other two are not. Also: Resolving the "Wal" match-up. "today I'm setting up a big match involving a walrus, a walleye, a wallet, a walnut, a wall, Walt Disney, and Wally from DIlbert. The will battle it out at Wal-Mart. They may only use weapons purchased at Wal-Mart and have ten dollars to spend. I'm giving all inatimate object telekinesis with a three foot range that can't be used on people directly." I assumed the walrus ate the walleye right off.  Wally probably ate the walnut, telekinesis or none.  Walt Disney spent his 10 dollars on a pad of paper and a pencil, hoping to animate something vicious.  Unfortunately he stashed the money in the Wallet, which added it to it's own and used it to buy a sledge hammer, which it started hacking at the wall.  The wall collapsed on the wallet, killing it, and used it's telekinesis to hurl the sledge hammer at the Walrus, which was too big too dodge it.  Meanwhile, Disney used the little money he had to buy a fifty cent eraser, and erased Wally. He used Wally's money to buy a pen and paper and animated a wrecking ball to take out the wall.  Therefore, Walt Disney wins!   You invited all my friends! And, in a move that stresses quantity over quality, you also invited all my enemies.
    

08,May,2004


	 
      You guys won't believe this one:          You're France!      Most people think you're snobby, but it's really just that    you're better than everyone else.  At least you're more loyal to the real    language, the fine arts, and the fine wines than anyone else.  You aren't    worth beans in a fight, unless you're really short, but you're so good at other    things that it usually doesn't matter.  Some of your finest works were    intended to be short-term projects.   Roman">Take the  urlLink Country Quiz   at the  urlLink Blue Pyramid       And, less surprisingly:        You're  The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe !   by C.S. Lewis     You were just looking for some decent clothes when everything changed quite dramatically. For the better or for the worse, it is still hard to tell. Now it seems like winter will never end and you feel cursed. Soon there will be an epic struggle between two forces in your life and you are very concerned about a betrayal that could turn the balance. If this makes it sound like you're re-enacting Christian theological events, that may or may not be coincidence. When in doubt, put your trust in zoo animals.      Take the  urlLink Book Quiz  at the  urlLink Blue Pyramid .     It is his love, it is his life, it is his fault he didn't lock the garage!
    

08,May,2004


	 
      You're Thailand! Calmer and more staunchly independent than almost all those around you, you have a long history of rising above adversity.  Recent adversity has led to questions about your sexual promiscuity and the threat of disease, but you still manage to attract a number of tourists and admirers.  And despite any setbacks, you can really cook a good meal whenever it's called for.  Good enough to make people cry.  My book quiz was a tie, because my opinion of stream of consciousness depends on the context. Now, look: Isn't this second one creepy?  You're Ulysses! by James Joyce Most people are convinced that you don't make any sense, but compared to what else you could say, what you're saying now makes tons of sense. What people do understand about you is your vulgarity, which has convinced people that you are at once brilliant and repugnant. Meanwhile you are content to wander around aimlessly, taking in the sights and sounds of the city. What you see is vast, almost limitless, and brings you additional fame. When no one is looking, you dream of being a Greek folk hero.   You're The Mists of Avalon! by Marion Zimmer Bradley You're obsessed with Camelot in all its forms, from Arthurian legend to the Kennedy administration. Your favorite movie from childhood was "The Sword in the Stone". But more than tales of wizardry and Cuban missiles, you've focused on women. You know that they truly hold all the power. You always wished you could meet Jackie Kennedy.  
    

08,May,2004


	 
      Or Things I'm Irrationally Pissed At: TV Edition!   ABC:  Thank You, ABC. Thank you for delivering a kick-ass episode of Alias last week. However making us wait two weeks for the finale? Not Cool. Airing 232 minutes of Harry fucking Potter? Not cool. ESPECIALLY SINCE THE MOVIE IS 152 MINUTES LONG! I'm absolutely not seeing the next crap-ass installment of this crap-ass movie franchise. I'm thrilled it made Fametracker's inessential movie list. Go screw yourself, Rowling!   The Swan:  Because it's wrong. And they replaced Wonderfalls with reruns of this misogynistic crap disguised as entertainment. Hell, all FOX reality is misogynistic crap.  And I'm spent. Good night and have a pleasant tomorrow. It is his love, it is his life, it is his fault he didn't lock the garage!
    

08,May,2004


	 
      Bloody hell, it happened again! everything posted before the book and country thing is italisized.  It is his love, it is his life, it is his fault he didn't lock the garage!
    

06,May,2004


	 
      >       You're    Liechtenstein!      Most folks don't take you that seriously, but you really make    a big deal out of being independent.  You don't do a whole lot for other    people, but you make the best of the resources available to you.  You really    like snow.  And mountains.  And being independent.  And you're    probably pretty small.   Take the  urlLink Country Quiz  at the  href="http://bluepyramid.org">Blue Pyramid            You're  The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe !   by C.S. Lewis     You were just looking for some decent clothes when everything changed quite dramatically. For the better or for the worse, it is still hard to tell. Now it seems like winter will never end and you feel cursed. Soon there will be an epic struggle between two forces in your life and you are very concerned about a betrayal that could turn the balance. If this makes it sound like you're re-enacting Christian theological events, that may or may not be coincidence. When in doubt, put your trust in zoo animals.      Take the  urlLink Book Quiz  at the  urlLink Blue Pyramid .    It is his love, it is his life, it is his fault he didn't lock the garage!
    

06,May,2004


	 
      Huh, Iceland.  It kinda makes sense, if you replace cold and forbidding with something else. Not sure what the best words would be...  Orchestra: We lost.  Okay, we got second place. But we should have got first.  And it's bugging me more than I thought it would.  I just came expecting to win and have it not really be a big thing, then when we didn't it's like, WTF mate?  And they called it runner up, too.  It's not second place, it's runner up.  It's like saying, "you were almost the best, but they beat you and you're losers."   But enough about that!  Afterward it was the best day ever! I left with Mowi and Celeste, and we went to weird Japanese stores with imported candy and stuff.  It was awesome! The weirdest stuff ever, it tastes great.  I found Shrimp flavored chips.  Then we went to Mowi's uber-awesome house and watched AKIRA.  It's freakin weird.  Don't ever watch it unless you really want to.  Food was great.   It is his love, it is his life, it is his fault he didn't lock the garage!
    

06,May,2004


	 
      And now my real post.  I have a reason for not putting all this in the last post, but I don't feel like typing it right now.   We got 8th at State!  When you consider that it's out of, like 321 choirs, thats not bad.  Everyone was really awesome.  It was fun. Tracy found my dream log by typing her name into a search engine and got all creeped out, so I'm going through and misspelling everyone's names on it.  I'm to tired to type coherently anymore so I'm going to bed.  Night! It is his love, it is his life, it is his fault he didn't lock the garage!
    

06,May,2004


	 
      p>      You're Ireland!      Mystical and rain-soaked, you remain mysterious to many people, and this  makes you intriguing.  You also like a good night at the pub, though many are just as  worried that you will blow up the pub as drink your beverage of choice.  You're good  with words, remarkably lucky, and know and enjoy at least fifteen ways of eating a potato.   You really don't like snakes.   Roman">Take the  urlLink Country Quiz  at  the  urlLink Blue Pyramid       p>     You're  Catch-22 !   by Joseph Heller     Incredibly witty and funny, you have a taste for irony in all that you see. It seems that life has put you in perpetually untenable situations, and your sense of humor is all that gets you through them. These experiences have also made you an ardent pacifist, though you present your message with tongue sewn into cheek. You could coin a phrase that replaces the word "paradox" for millions of people.      Take the  urlLink Book Quiz  at the  urlLink Blue Pyramid .     It is his love, it is his life, it is his fault he didn't lock the garage!  
    

06,May,2004


	 
              You're Iceland!      Most people think you're a cold and forbidding person, but    you're actually naturally warm and inviting.  People just get scared off    by what other people have led them to believe about you.  You keep to yourself    for the most part, and are pretty good at fending for yourself, especially if    water's involved.  More people should visit you and find out the truth.        You're  The Guns of August !   by Barbara Tuchman     Though you're interested in war, what you really want to know is what causes war. You're out to expose imperialism, militarism, and nationalism for what they really are. Nevertheless, you're always living in the past and have a hard time dealing with what's going on today. You're also far more focused on Europe than anywhere else in the world. A fitting motto for you might be "Guns do kill, but so can diplomats."      Take the  urlLink Book Quiz  at the  urlLink Blue Pyramid .    It is his love, it is his life, it is his fault he didn't lock the garage!
    

06,May,2004


	 
             You're Ireland!      Mystical and rain-soaked, you remain mysterious to many people, and this  makes you intriguing.  You also like a good night at the pub, though many are just as  worried that you will blow up the pub as drink your beverage of choice.  You're good  with words, remarkably lucky, and know and enjoy at least fifteen ways of eating a potato.   You really don't like snakes.   Roman">Take the  urlLink Country Quiz  at  the  urlLink Blue Pyramid             You're  Watership Down !   by Richard Adams     Though many think of you as a bit young, even childish, you're actually incredibly deep and complex. You show people the need to rethink their assumptions, and confront them on everything from how they think to where they  build their houses. You might be one of the greatest people of all time. You'd be recognized as such if you weren't always talking about talking rabbits.      Take the  urlLink Book Quiz  at the  urlLink Blue Pyramid .      I was so excited to get Ireland until I realized that they implied that I was an alcoholic.  Craptastic.  Anyway, had a great time at JournalCon!  Bye all!  It is his love, it is his life, it is his fault he didn't lock the garage!
    

06,May,2004


	 
      My results in the "Which Country Are You Quiz" and "Which Book Are You Quiz"          You're Singapore!      You're small but well-built and people are a little afraid    of you.  You might even walk with a cane that people find somewhat menacing,    rather than seeing it as an aid to your mobility.  You like an urban lifestyle,    with little time for nature or the more rural pleasures of life.  This    fast-paced lifestyle suits you, and you wish everyone around you would just    shape up.   Take the  urlLink Country Quiz  at the  href="http://bluepyramid.org">Blue Pyramid             You're  Inherit the Wind !   by Jerome Lawrence and Robert E. Lee     To you, the learning process is inherently about controversy. If people aren't having their minds stretched, how could they possibly be learning? This makes you a good but unpopular teacher, and the people around you are ready to make it a federal case. All you're asking them to do is evolve a little. But they would like you to be more creative. You would make an excellent lawyer, even though people think you love monkeys.      Take the  urlLink Book Quiz  at the  urlLink Blue Pyramid .     It is his love, it is his life, it is his fault he didn't lock the garage!
    

06,May,2004


	 
      I really am feeling good. It took every ounce of strength to get me through today, and I came home and checked Damn Hell Ass Kings, which led me to find out that there's a new Six Feet Under teaser trailer on HBO.com (Seriously, go check it out. It's the most awesome and bizarre thing of all time. If you haven't seen Peter Krause lip-sync "Feeling Good" by Nina Simone, you haven't seen Shakespeare the way it's meant to be seen.)  Speaking of that, I want to bring everyone (Paul, Rachel, Sophia) up to speed on Sports Night. With that in mind... Previously on Sports Night: Casey loved Dana. Dan liked Rebecca but got smacked down when she went back to her idiot husband. Dana had a brother that played in the NFL. Natalie and Jeremy hooked-up and had several annoying fights. Issac had a stroke. There was an audio recap/montage, and season one was over.  It is his love, it is his life, it is his fault he didn't lock the garage!
    

05,May,2004


	 
      Okay, Nathan. I'll set up a mattress on the other side of the basement for you to get six hours of sleep. Pizza is going to be one cheese (for me), one pepperoni, one half red onion and pineapple. Dig?  My house, 5:30, 7th of May.   It is his love, it is his life, it is his fault he didn't lock the garage!
    

05,May,2004


	 
      Well, its happened again.  Something very creepy and ironic has happened to me. Here I am sitting in the library of my mom's school, Mary Castle.  I'm sitting at a computer right next to a wall rsvping for Mighael's thing with pizza.  When I finish, I just happen to look to my left and what should I see taped to the wall 5 inches from my head?  A paper that explaning what a blog or weB LOG is.  Now is that just about the most creepy and ironic thing you've ever heard or what?!  I mean what are the chances of that?  Maybe I'm just being paranoid or maybe someone just out of earshot is having a good laugh.  All I know is that I need to finish my homework so I'm done.  It is his love, it is his life, it is his fault he didn't lock the garage!
    

04,May,2004


	 
      RSVP HERE! Also add Preferred Pizza Topping.  Erin:RSVP. Those toppings are fine with me. Marten:  Thomas: Pepperoni and red onion for me. Stuff Crust if possible. I am rsvping Jonah: Not onion or mushroom, other than that whatever.  I'm a fan of pineapple but I'm guessing I'm alone. Nathan: Meat of any sort and tomato.  I'll warn you, I'm gonna have toget at least 6 hours of sleep, no question.  State competition saturday. Paul:rsvping, pepperoni, and I'd like to know what and when I'm rsvping for. Rachel: Sophia:RSVPing, I believe.  I majorly heart veggie pizza...but if nothing else...green onion.  Yummy! Tyler:  It is his love, it is his life, it is his fault he didn't lock the garage!
    

04,May,2004


	 
      Paul, you idiot! You're invited to JournalCon! In other news, I'm in the library! They weren't core 40-ing today, so I got in! And after I  schlepped   The binder of West Wing season one recaps to school!  Also, I'm coming (and also recapping) Meeting of the Minds tonight. And if I remembered the date (the 22nd?) I'd go to the LN one too.  It is his love, it is his life, it is his fault he didn't lock the garage!
    

04,May,2004


	 
      First of all, I would like to say happy birthday to Michael (I'll see you in youth group for your birthday hits).  Well, here I am on the verge of a 4 hour AP world history test.  Why, do you ask, am I squandering precious study time to write a post on how I am squandering my precious study time?  Because I... uh... AHHH!! I'VE GOT TO GO STUDY!!!      It is his love, it is his life, it is his fault he didn't lock the garage!
    

04,May,2004


	 
      Okay, Sars just wrapped up the Famous Ghost Monologues today. And from what I've seen, it'd make an awesome one-act play. And even though Horrigan would never go for it, it would make an awesome play. Seriously, it'd be cheap as hell too. Costumes, makeup, lights and some props. No sets. No Backdrops. No Special Effects. And if we don't do them here, I'd absolutely love to do one or two at the CPC Talent Show. It is his love, it is his life, it is his fault he didn't lock the garage! 
    

03,May,2004


	 
      Okay, I did the title and the description. I'm officially declaring May 3rd-7th "Michael's Birthday Week!" The Comstocks thought too small, ha ha for them. They didn't get a week. They got three days. HA! I mock them!  It is his love, it is his life, it is his fault he didn't lock the garage!
    

02,May,2004


	 
      haha, sorry, stupid name.  I thought of an awesome one last night but then I promptly forgot it.  Oh woe is me.  Is that how you spell woe?  Anyway.  THIS WEEKEND WAS AWESOME!  Saturday we got a doggie!!!!!  Her name's Martie (short for Martini...at least that's what I say) and she's part doberman so she's colored like that...black and brown...and has a brown eye and a blue eye.  Isn't that awesome?!  She's the sweetest dog you'd ever meet, too.  Yay for doggies!  But then, after that, I SAW BEN FOLDS!!!!!!  OMG.  The only reason I'm telling you guys is because my TOD isn't working.  BUT HE WAS A-M-A-Z-I-N-G!!  I would have his children ANYDAY.  haha, sorry Marten.  :D  If you have never heard of Ben Folds you should wear the hat of shame.  He is God.    It is his love, it is his life, it is his fault he didn't lock the garage!
    

01,May,2004


	 
      There's only one question this week.   What would you like other people to say about you if you weren't there?   Michael : "He'll kill you. And then he'll go to work on you."  Jonah : "Nobody is as awesome as Jonah.  If there were an emperor of awesome, it would be he.  One time, I looked up awesome in the dictionary and saw his picture.  And not just any picture - an awesome picture.  It showed him being awesome by driving an awesome car into a pool of flaming sharks.  And that's what he does on his less awesome days.  Most of the time he's like 10 times as awesome as that."  Nathan "Wow, that Nathan, he sure isn't gay.  Not gay at all.  Totally un-gay.  So not gay, he's straight," (girls)'I'm happy" (guys) "Too bad"   Sophia "Yeah, she's a really great girl once you get to know her.  I promise, she's not always psychotic!"  Marten  "Cool. Original, but classic. That guy is even more awesome than Jonah." but the conversation is more likely to go like this: "what a loser." "shut up! he's cool" "isn't.""ass" the second person probably being Thomas. I think I took this one too far.  It is his love, it is his life, it is his fault he didn't lock the garage!
    

01,May,2004


	 
      School is wearying.  Another wasted srt. That Career Day was the most waste of time thing that I have ever been to. I signed up for Government/Social Services and Performing Arts/Arts.  Well the first one that I went to was the government. Or so I thought... It turns out that they had gotten and a policeman and a fireman to come to educate about two careers that I will go into when hell freezes over.  The only uplifting part is that the policeman whipped out his, I know what  you're thinking and your wrong, taser.  He turned it on briefly then tucked it back in it's holster. "I think we should liven thinks up a bit and ask the police officer to taser the fireman"-Michael.  Mercifully, that bit ended at the end of first session.  Little did I know the horrors that were waiting for me in the LGI Room.  At the time, I was relieved that we might actually learn something useful. After all, Performing Arts is sort of my thing.  So there we were, Carl Cote, Mark Yates. Then, to our horror, the women introduces herself as a "Landscapist." Naturally all three of us were like "WTF MATES?!" A general murmur of what the hell, this isn't art arose from the disquieted audience. Well she went on to explain that there was somewhat of a link between landscaping and art. I could sort of understand this, so I figured this must be the Art part of Performing Arts/Arts. We sat through her presentation politely, and eventually, it was time for the next speaker to come on. We figured that this would be a vocalist or some other sort of musician. We were dead wrong. I seem to recall her opening line as "I know that this clinic said performing arts, but I am going to stick to the regular art." Regular art?! HA! She was a fucking (excuse my language, but it is called for) interior designer. The crowd was shocked. A slow quiet came over the whole room as we realized that we were about to receize a 20 minute lecture on interior design. Luckily for us, we had Mark's digital camera and entertained ourselves by taking pictures of Carl's feet in various positions. Contact Mark Yates if you want copies. Don't get me wrong, we did try to leave, but my counselor decided at that moment to sell her soul to the devil and block our only exit. At the end, there was a time open for questions. The first was asked by Ghetto McGhettoson (name changed to protect the innocent). It was as follows: "What the hell? This isn't performing arts!  What instrument do ya'll play?" Then my demon-filled counselor made weak statements about the name saying bother performing arts and arts, and that they chose to focus on art. Art? Art my ass. Interior Designing does not cut it for a room full of people from the LC music department. My imp of a councelor ended up asking the vast majority of the questions. She is going to have to answer to the students, and it will not be a pretty site.  [Not a pretty site? Will it be webcast? --Michael]   Will I ever go willingly to another Career Day at LC? I think not. There will have to be some serious grade reduction to force me to go...  Anywho, on to Chicago. It was wonderful! We stayed at this nice hotel downtown called "Club Quarters." It had an awesome location, and everything was in walking distance. On Friday night, we went to the symphony and heard the Chamber Orchestra of Europe play "Midsummer's Night Dream" by Menddehlson, and quite a few selections from Bach. It was freaking awesome. At the beginning, their intonation was slightly off, but they really locked it in quickly and for the rest of the night. The applause at the end was humorous. The director, Andras Schiff, came back out like six times, and even had the symphony play an encore. Some of the members looked startled at the blast of applause even. Also, someone in the orchestra has the greatest name ever. "Nimrod."   On Saturday morning, we went to the Art Institute of Chicago to see the Rembrandt exhibit. It was good and everything, but it didn't really "touch me" as some would say. Not enough color, and too many faces. He seems like he was a really serious guy. I much prefer things like Van Gogh and Manet. After that, we drove home. I got to drive about 3/4 of the distance, which was great! Hurry for learners permits! Well, that about wraps up this post. Oh ya, I watched Blues Brothers recently, and my new explanation for everything I do is "We're on a mission from God" in that awesome Dan Akroyd Chicago accent. Oh by the way Erin, May is lusty? I didn't know that months had emotion and feelings!? Oh well, you learn something new everyday. Good Night! I sleep now!  -It is his love, it is his life, it is his fault he didn't lock the garage!
    

01,May,2004


	 
      Thanks, Nathan. Apology accepted. And sorry for doubting you.  This weekend is just one big episode of seeing my family over and over and over again. Have been bored a lot.  Fanfiction Recommendation of the Week ("You might not care, but I do"): "Eye of the Storm" on fanfiction.net. It's about several OT Star Wars characters getting stuck on Earth. In the Star Wars universe it was in between ESB and ROTJ. On Earth it's the middle of convention season. Not as bad as most with that general setup as there are no fangirls. Quote: "I think I need my dosage checked. At the moment I'm in Colorado with my ex-husband and Luke Skywalker while Artoo Detoo serves iced tea and my son plays with a Princess of Alderaan in the kitchen." She gave a high-pitched, hysterical laugh. "So are really, really realistic hallucinations a common side effect of that new stress medication you put me on?"   It's May, it's May, the lusty month of May! :)  Oh my God, you're putting my mother's cats on the Supreme Court.
    

30,June,2004


	 
      I had a weird dream last night. There we're odd looking flying machines, like spaceships from an anime, or something, and I was hearing a radio news program explaining why they worked. Eventually, I drove one to pick up Sophia, who was trappied in Sophie's body, (Sophie was one of the four yearolds from vbs) and we had to try and find a way to get her out. Meanwhile, Sophie was still in her own body, and I kept losing track of Sophia, so I had to ask Sophie to let her say things. then I woke up in another dream, that I don't remember. Then I really woke up.   Supposedly, your subconcious knows everything, but i disagree. I think you notice somethings, and your subconcious only notices the rest. thats why dreams seem to mean something some times, but they're really just random and weird.   My birthday is tomorrow!   Ouch! A ferret is beating me about the shins!
    

28,June,2004


	 
      I think its been too long since I've posted.  A whole month of precious summer is almost gone, how can this be?  So far this has been an informative summer.  I've learned important life lessons such as, wearing shoes without socks hurts after a few days, staying up to watch late night T.V. results in very unproductive mornings, and eating nothing but Trix and pizza is bad for you in many ways.  Well, that is all.  Only 2 weeks until my birthday,  YAY!  Ouch! A ferret is beating me about the shins!
    

27,June,2004


	 
      I feel really  urlLink weird . As in not normal for me. I couldn't sleep friday night at the church thing, so I went to the multi-purpose room, put in one of my cds and danced. It had to look stupid to anyone not listening to the music. Oh well. It was 2 in the morning, and I couldn't sleep. It was the strangest thing I've done recently. I feel really strange.  Ouch! A ferret is beating me about the shins!
    

26,June,2004


	 
      I'm back. Words cannot express how much I love Chicago. Or how much my feet hurt after a weekend in Chicago. But anyway, we took our dear cousin and her boyfriend up to Chicago for the weekend, and did stuff. We went to the Sears Tower, ate lunch at the Weber Grill, stayed at the Inter-Continental (again) and basically kicked it old school.  Also, in a sports related event (I know, I can hear you scrolling right now) Tim Henman (Awesome British Tennis Player) is on track to possibly win Wimbeldon (the Super Bowl of Tennis). And that would be really cool. But even if he does make it to the finals, he'd probably be beat by Andy Roddick (Awesome American Tennis Player). Okay, I'm done now.  Ouch! A ferret is beating me about the shins!
    

26,June,2004


	 
      Eh, I definitely forgot what the name of our possible sitcom was going to be, but whatever.  I have a semi-major emergency.  I lost my phone.  My cell phone.  I feel so naked without it...I think I left it at the church.  So, if you guys are going tomorrow for church (which I guess you are) could you ask Patty if anyone found a blue cell phone?  I hope nobody stole it...although that'd be doubly awful seeing as I lost it in a church!  Ouch! A ferret is beating me about the shins!
    

23,June,2004


	 
      This is my first post in a while, and I intend to make it a good one. Or at very least a long one. We’ll see how it goes. Actually this post is pretty much going to be a White House Press Briefing.   -	It’s amazing that since Sophia quit, she’s said more on the outside than she ever did as a Blogger. Not that I don’t want her to come back, I’m just saying. -	Okay, Thomas made a hilarious gaffe today. It’s number five on the list of hilarious puns Hilarious Gaffes and Typos 1. “I hate him with the power of a thousand flaming nuns!” – Someone at TwoP 2. “I’m too busty to get a job!” – Jonah 3. “I’m feeding my dick!” – Ashley  4. “Red Roof Inns don’t have Colonial Breakfast!” – Thomas 5. "Is that a homo?" - Tim on seeing a homeless person in Chicago.  Okay, so I've seen The Terminal, which was good, and I saw Shrek 2, which was more jokes than story this time, so it was almost but not quite as good as the first. I was saddened to hear that Jonah is staying in Marching Band, although I'm happy that he got a kick-ass deal to do it.   I also, in the spirit of giving, have new stuff for everyone including myself. I got The Simpsons Season Four on DVD, and TiVo for my dad for fathers day, and Presents for pretty much everyone else (blog-wise anyway)  Also my Cousin (and her boyfriend) are in town, and we're showing them the "Best of Indiana", which is roughly equivelent to "The Most Mediocre of Anywhere Else." However, due to some odd reason, neither of them have seen any of the Lord of the Rings movies, so we're giving them a crash course in Tolkien while they're here. Just our gift to them.  Okay, it's 11:30 and I have swimming tomorrow, so I have to go bye-bye now. Bye, everyone!  Ouch! A ferret is beating me about the shins! 
    

22,June,2004


	 
      so tired.... too much input.  brain ready to explode.  can't remember........anything.  neglecting everything.  I feel like I'm in a dream.  I'm gonna be out of it for....a while now.  but I will return.  Ouch! A ferret is beating me about the shins!
    

22,June,2004


	 
      Well, off I go to Florida tomorrow morning. I'll be back July 4th. By the time I get back, I wish for everyone to have RSVP'd to my King Arthur invitation. Yes or no? Which day? I'm going to be bored in Florida. You can read outside, but you can't write outside, and I'm going to get sunburned anyway, or return as pale as I am right now. I'll want to stay inside all the time, and my mom will make me go outside, and I'll be bored. And my brother will drive me crazy. In fact, by the time it's over, everybody in my family will be driving me crazy.  We still don't have our DSL back. I'm beginning to think it will be like the heat in Mr. Davis's room and we'll get it back only when we least expect it. In a few years. Sigh. "I don't hold with forn parts." - Esmerelda Weatherwax  Ouch! A ferret is beating me about the shins!
    

22,June,2004


	 
      Well, you know how we made it into the thrilling and tragic musical lair of the fairy people. Shut up Jonah, you ruined the whole thing.  Maybe we should give up on the word by word thing. Ha! Noffke rhymes with off key, there's another Jonah, and the Bishop gets set on fire! There's a giant moon, and the floor is red, like most everything else. It's all red, black and white. Come see the show. Hopefully our publicity manager won't get mad about this.    In other news, Eighteen four-year-olds.  'nuff said. Details in individual posts. You're mother is an aardvark, and your father smells of eldeberries. You can't mix quotes! Okay, don't say that. Jonah caved! He's still in marching band! Now before you get all upset, you should know that I didn't cave until I'd gotten pretty much everything I wanted.  I can miss half of each day of band camp, and all of the June rehearsals.  Also, they really need me back. No they don't, I've heard you play.something. The cat was on the skateboard, but I was unable to launch it. FIN!  Ouch! A ferret is beating me about the shins!
    

21,June,2004


	 
      Okay, so who wants to come see King Arthur with me? And do you want to see it on the 8th or the 9th? If it's on the 8th it will probably have to be in the evening, whereas on the 9th it can probably be in the afternoon.  Here is a fanfic rec for you all-- The Not Quite Love Letters, a SW fic on fanfiction.net. It's about Han and Leia and their relationship after the Battle of Yavin revealed through a few angsty journal entries, but mostly through official Alliance communications and random things like that. In the first chapter Han invites Leia to polish his medal. In the second chapter, computer terminals get thrown onto people's heads. It's really funny.   Ouch! A ferret is beating me about the shins!
    

19,June,2004


	 
      I felt spontaneous. Thomas humored me.  Tofig36: MysteriousBob87: roogle Tofig36: snargle MysteriousBob87: Gleek! Gleek! MysteriousBob87: shneked Tofig36: ILBER ILBER MysteriousBob87: Jeshna! Tofig36: KURTLE MysteriousBob87: YICKTEL! Tofig36: UGFUF! MysteriousBob87: ...Kithog Tofig36: snetich MysteriousBob87: Tehichy!:-) Tofig36: alpharen MysteriousBob87: gettlbrogh MysteriousBob87: qilltort? Tofig36: renwart MysteriousBob87: neggit. MysteriousBob87: we are weird Tofig36: yes we are  I'm sorry Mario, your princess is in another Chinese restaurant!
    

17,June,2004


	 
      Ladies and gentlemen,  urlLink the finished boat.   I'm sorry Mario, your princess is in another Chinese restaurant!
    

17,June,2004


	 
      Ok, so my sister's party wasn't dreadfully annoying, but it was pretty boring until most of her friends left. They tried to brake a piniata with a broken ruler. It wasn't even funny, it was just pitiful. I gave them half a pool cue to smite the paper mache pig.  Later on, I played cards with the last of the guests, people I actually knew from middleschool.  One of them turned out to be obscurely related to us. We've got another half cousin now.   It's Garage Sale Day! I've been looking for a TV, but everything is either too small, or doesn't have the right connection thingies for my ps2.  And the cost of some, geez. Some people don't understand the purpose of a garage sale. The point is to get rid of stuff, not to make a whole lot of money. It's pocket change, most likely going to be spent on the equally cheap merchandise of others. Some people got the idea, though, like the person from whom I bought a sega genesis. one dollar. It was fate. There was the machine, and there was a dollar in my pocket. Now I just have to find some games, another controller, and the wires I need to plug it in.  I'm sorry Mario, your princess is in another Chinese restaurant!
    

17,June,2004


	 
      Thanks to everybody who told me it was ok. It makes me feel warm and fuzzy that you actually took time to say it. :) Plus, it turns out you were right. I apparently, I just have a slightly large, but fully functioning and cyst-free thyroid. So yay! Also, I don't have TB. It's all good news here.  Sophia, you've made me sad. Come on, my life is pretty boring too, I just talk about it anyway. I mean, let's look at this objectively: my last post was about Discworld books and my thyroid. Please.  Anyway, my dad says that if our DSL isn't up very soon we're getting cable internet, just to spite the dsl people. But that would be super inconvenient really, because in order to afford it we'd have to get rid of AOL, and I've already filled out all my college stuff with my AOL account, and we'd have to download AIM and everything. That's bad.  I'm sorry Mario, your princess is in another Chinese restaurant!
    

16,June,2004


	 
      There should be a JournalCon of some kind this weekend, starting sometime before 6 on friday.  Mostly so I can get out of a house full of middleschool girls. Yes, it's my sisters birthday party, and it's planning on being loud and annoying. Some one with a big house, save me! We could make it Sophia's going away JournalCon, despite the fact that she'll still come to other journalcons. Or maybe it could be a Sophia's not really leaving JournalCon. C'mon, sometimes you have something to say. Thomas doesn't post frequently, and niether do I anymore. Just post when something interesting happens to you, or when you happen to something interesting. Once you're gone, you'll have something you wanted to post. Please stay with us?  I'm sorry Mario, your princess is in another Chinese restaurant!
    

16,June,2004


	 
      Hey all.  Look, I'm really sorry about this, but I don't think I'm gonna be a blogger anymore. I'm not about to lie and tell you that I don't have enough time because, hello, it's summer, but I just don't have anything to say.  You shouldn't miss me too much seeing as I don't say anything anyway.  I'd still love to journalcon with you guys though (yes, now it's a verb).  It's not you, it's me.  ;)  I'm sorry Mario, your princess is in another Chinese restaurant!
    

15,June,2004


	 
      So I quit marching band.  Definitely, for sure, I am not participating in this, the 2004 season of the LNHS season.  Absolutely for certian. Except that I might not.  See, my reason for quitting was of course Jekyll and Hyde, but Mr. Noffke doesn't want me to take two consecutive weeks off (Triennium and Newspaper camp) and I can't quit those, since my parents have already put down about $300 for each.  If I'm out of Jekyll and Hyde for that, I might as well do Marching Band.  EDIT: Noffke's gonna let me get do it, so I guess I am quitting.  But if I miss one day, I'm out.   Also, Nathan and I started building a boat today.  It also started flooding.  Amazingly enough, these two things are not related. Inspired by an episode of Biography on A&E last night, Nathan and I have officially made our college plans.  We're going to NYU to study acting, just like the Olsen twins.  In fact, they'll still be there, so we're planning to either marry them or collaborate on an award-winning sitcom, or both.  With the acting genius of Nathan and I and the star power of MK & Ashley, we'll be rich.  It's fool-proof. (My title is the prospective title of the show or an associated autobiography). Also, that's the new "We should get married... to other people." Now it's "We should get married... to the Olsen twins." In conclusion, the boredom of the summer is almost certianly getting to us.   I'm sorry Mario, your princess is in another Chinese restaurant!
    

15,June,2004


	 
      Yesterday I purchased The Wee Free Men. I am now reading it. And when I'm done that will leave only The Last Hero that I haven't read, not counting A Hat Full of Sky, which I don't think is out this side of the pond yet. And, just as a heads up, the next DW book will be called Going Postal and it's coming out in October or November. It's about the postal system and golems. That's all I've been able to get. I think it's another misc. with cameos, like Monstrous Regiment was.  I have now listened to the Two Towers tapes, and if you want a few highlights, check out my journal. If you don't have its address, just let me know and I'll email it to you, since I don't think blogger will let me put the link up here.   Yesterday I went to the doctor to get vaccinated so that I can go to college. So I got a meningitis vaccine and a TB test. Yay. Then it turns out I have an enlarged thyroid gland, and I don't really know what that means, but they had to draw blood to test. I've never had that done before; it was kinda creepy. Then I have to go in again tomorrow so they can ultrasound my neck, I guess, and try to figure out why my thyroid is enlarged. I'm a little worried about it, I can tell you... Well, anyway. Just thought I'd put that out there so everybody can say, "Don't be worried, Erin, it's okay."   Later.  I'm sorry Mario, your princess is in another Chinese restaurant!
    

14,June,2004


	 
      Someone should make a fun BMV.  Something like Dr. Jones's Orthodontist's office.  Put an arcade in there, a really good snack bar (or at least some vending machines), Public internet terminals and a play area for the kids.  Imagine the difference if instead of "Now I have to go back to the BMV..." It was "Now we get to go back to the BMV!! I'm so excited!" Seriously is there some goverment rule that says BMV's have to be drab and dreary?  Everyone hates going there so much and it's something that wouldn't be hard to do. In case you haven't figured it out, I got my permit today.  In fact that's all I did, since it took me, all in all, about six hours.  Yeah. After that we drove around the parking lot, where I concluded that driving is not nearly as easy as it looks. And on the way home we listened to a tribute to Ray Charles, including his unique version of the song "Imagine": "Imagine all the people (All the little people)  Living... Living there whole lives.. just for today..." What a guy.  Well that's all I have to say.  Oh, also Micheal, could you link me to your West Wing script site cause I'm lazy? Thanks. I'm sorry Mario, your princess is in another Chinese restaurant!
    

12,June,2004


	 
      I'm fufilling my constitutional duties as Communications Director by stating (even though y'all probably got the e-mail, that there is no Youth Group this week, apparently we're doing "Special Events" throughout the summer, at least half of which I won't be able to attend. Thanks a lot, Patty. Just when I thought I was out, they pull me back in! "Haec credam a Patty pio? A Patty iusto? A Patty scito? Cruciatus in crucem! Tuus in terra servus nuntius fui officium perfeci. Cruciatus in crucem. Eas in crucem!"  Okay, now that I'm done irrationally railing at Patty, I'm on to other matters. The other matters are...They're...I think one of them was...Okay, I completely forgot the other matters. I changed the template.   This is not a novel to be tossed aside lightly. It should be thrown with great force.
    

10,June,2004


	 
      Erin, in case you read this before four o'clock tomorrow, we're having LotRCon and we'd like you to come! Also I found the best forum thread at fametracker Is that a rocket you've got hidden there?  No, it's my cookie. urlLink Oh, Snap! Disses and Insults in Publishing 
    

09,June,2004


	 
      I went shopping yesterday. It's something I don't often do, but my mom decided we need new clothes. I guess I do, I've only got one pair of shorts. So now we're $300 dollars in the hole, but I have 2 new pairs of shorts and Lounge Pants! I was stuck between two pairs, one covered with smileys and a pair of mario-print pants. The extreme yellow and the power of smileys was tough to pass up, but the sheer novelty of Mario won me over. I get my license now!    Is that a rocket you've got hidden there?  No, it's my cookie.
    

09,June,2004


	 
      Okay, I'm reformatting the template, because it's über-annoying in its current format.  Okay, I haven't posted since Saturday and I think it's time to throw my two cents in on Gym. I hate it. It is awful. If I had to pick between Gym Class or death, I would probably pick death, because unlike Gym, Death is quiet, peaceful and probably doesn't smell like a great big armpit. There are several things I hate about Gym, and four of them are teachers. There are six teachers teaching Gym Class. It takes them the better part of an hour to take attendence. When we transition from one place to another almost none of the students know what's going on because none of the teachers know what's going on and that is because there are six of them. There's Mr. Holman, Mrs. Annee, Mrs. Fuson, and three LN teachers I don't know. One of them looks like Mr. Harvey with dark hair and a buzzcut, the others look old. And the teachers don't like each other. One of the old LN teachers told me to take my Tardy Pass to "Mrs. Hag" née Mrs. Fuson. Mr. Holman refered to her as the Gestapo. And both of them were right, because Fuson is what you would get if Aileen Wuornos and Joan Collins had a baby together. She's bitchy, she's ill-tempered, she's always yelling about something and I'm pretty sure she was hungover this morning. We did swim testing yesterday, and we swam about eight different times because the teachers were incompetant. Then we went and ran on the track and played optional Basketball. So I dribbled for about ten minutes and sat on the bleachers until we got dressed. I've just been wearing my gym clothes to school because of three things: number one, I always have it with me, Number two, I'm not getting dressed up for these people and number three, I'm inevitably going to get sweaty and I will pick the shower in my house over the shower at school everytime, so I'm not going to get new clothes all icky and sweaty. Of course, everyday people have asked me questions like "Why are you wearing your gym suit? We just changed." From now on, I'm answering "None of your damn business." Just because I can. One kid who is one of those kids who thinks he's cool, but is just a ass, made a snide comment, which I just ignored because he's ugly, fat, gay and a general asshole. To sum it up: Gym = Bad.  Okay, on to lighter subjects, I'm having "LotRCon II: Forth Eorlingas!" at my house on Friday at 4:30. So far I have Jonah, Nathan and Claire coming. More are welcome. RSVP in the comments section.  "Is that a rocket you've got hidden there?" "No, it's my cookie."
    

08,June,2004


	 
       urlLink    Artist Mockup of "Cornfrohawk"   urlLink    Artist's mockup of Marten with "Cornfrohawk" hairstyle.   urlLink    Jonah's bifty new haircut. (His word, not mine.) 
    

08,June,2004


	 
      For those of you not privy to the conversation, I have officially decided to name my daughter, should i ever have one, Starfish.  It's a great name, with many cool nicknames - Star, Starry, Fish, Fishy, Starfy, Arfish.  She will probably not sport a cornfrohawk, but you just never know. Which brings me to other news: I am getting a haircut today.  I am going to pay some person money to cut off my hair.  Barbering is one of the few industries where we pay people to take things away.  Also banking, but the difference is that there is an understanding that the bank will give you your money back someday, whereas the barbershop would never in a million years return your hair. Another such business is daycare, but this is also temporary, and usually much shorter term than the bank.  So, in conclusion - You pay daycare to take your kids for a day, The bank to take your money for some years, and the barbershop to take your hair FOREVER.  Luckily hair grows back, and is an infinitely renewable resource, unless you are Homer Simpson or Captian Picard. Has everybody heard of the Wikipedia?  The ultimate experiment in anarchy - anyone can update a page with new info.  You could. I could.  Gary Coleman could.  Gary Coleman is, by the way, in a new musical called Avenue Q which just won a lot of Tonys.  It's about homosexuality and rascism and muppets, and Gary Coleman is played by a woman.   Anyway, if I ever had a topic to get off it I lost it a long time ago.    Is that a rocket you've got hidden there?  No, it's my cookie.
    

08,June,2004


	 
      I'm smart!  Or, at least, smarter than I thought I was. Report cards came today.  I got straight A's for term six, and only two B's and one C cumulatively.  Because of the weight, I actually had a 4.048 for term six, which really helped drag my cumulative GPA out of the gutter(Yes, I consider a 3.3 to be the gutter.  I can do better).  It will make my parents very happy, which should in turn make me very happy.  It's nice to be back on track. Is that a rocket you've got hidden there?  No, it's my cookie.
    

05,June,2004


	 
      The Happy Fun Hanover Weekend went over basically without a hitch. Sometimes, though, when I'm with my grandparents and my Aunt Barbara and my mom, I really wish I had a tape recorder. Some of this stuff, you just can't make it up. I could have sworn we were going to get arrested for breaking and entering.  I saw "Troy" yesterday. It's an interesting movie. Brad Pitt was very pretty. Orlando Bloom was funny as Paris because he was such a big wimp. And he did a lot of Legolas bow-and-arrow stuff and a lot of Will Turner sword stuff. I loved Hector and I was sad when he died. We cheered three times. The first was for the King Arthur trailer, which was awesome. The second time was when Rose Byrne (Dormé from AOTC), who played Briseis, stabbed Agamemnon in the neck. It must have been the handmaiden training. The third was when Aeneas got a little cameo. But they did so many things wrong in that movie. For example, the Trojan War was supposed to be nine years long, and in the movie it was about 16 days. And that's counting the twelve-day timeout for Hector's funeral. There's lots more, but my friend Alicia is writing a review of it,a and I get to comment upon it, so I will probably be more coherent after that.   I now own three more Discworld books! I have Small Gods, Hogfather, and The Fifth Elephant. The only books in the main series that I don't have now are Reaper Man and Thief of Time. I'm most excited about having Fifth Elephant because that was the second DW book I read and I can't remember what happens. I looked through all the Carrot and Angua parts last night, and they are really so touching when you know Carrot and Angua. He goes after her. He almost says he loves her. He holds her hand. He promises to kill her if he ever needs to. She cries. She gets called a dog. She fights her family. She says, "Carrot's mine." I love that couple. They're so screwed up.    Is that a rocket you've got hidden there?  No, it's my cookie.
    

05,June,2004


	 
      Okay, first things first, JournalCon was both great and a disaster as Jonah fell asleep like a Jonah. Thomas and I stayed up and debated policy initatives and Old-School Nickolodeon Shows until one.  Building a playground was fun even with the presence of butt-guy.  Levi's open house was entertaining, I compared Levi to a "drunk woman who shakes her breasts." Somehow Kafkaesque got in there. Levi and Colin did the duo and it was good. Leeches are funny.  However, I was greatly entertained by a picture of a certain blog founder in third grade. I'm working with the Comstocks to get that picture online. I wanted to see other yearbooks, but all that Jonah found was the Everyman edition of The Canterbury Tales, there was a bare-chested woman on the cover. Needless to say, I coined the term "The Canter-booby Tales." So, yeah... And then I asked again to see a yearbook and Jonah presented me "The Case Against Spanking".   Very Entertaining Day. More Later. I love you, so much. Your Daughter, Claudia. Is that a rocket you've got hidden there?  No, it's my cookie.
    

03,June,2004


	 
      I discovered my old love of swinging again last night! When we build that playground on Saturday, The Patty better let us play on it at youth group. Because playgrounds are awesome.  This is my new feature. I'm calling it...  "A Proportional Response"  Erin: Dorm room stuff?  urlLink IKEA ! Nathan: Does the word "Homonym" mean anything to you?  I think I don't know I think I know I dont think I know I think I dont think I know I think....
    

02,June,2004


	 
      It's weird.  I figured when summer came, I'd have a lot of time to post.  And I due.  Trouble is, now I've got nothing to post about. (I know "about which to post" would be right but it sounds kinda akward, doesn't it?) Bottom line: Stuff stops happening, I stop having stuff to say. Last night I wrote a parody that almost no one will get.  You have to be a fan of both REO Speedwagon and Pokemon.  If any of you want to hear it, I'll post it. I think I don't know I think I know I dont think I know I think I dont think I know I think....
    

02,June,2004


	 
      Hurray! Everything's cool now! I'm sure I had something to post, but I can't remember what it was anymore. Oh, yes. I graduated. Thanks to those of you who could come to my house. I am now faced with the depressing reality that I have a buttload of money and I'm going to have to spend most of it on dorm room stuff. Oh, well. The other night I went bowling with Toni and Huevos. After I found the picture of Obi-Wan Kenobi in my purse (don't ask why, just accept) we decided to use the Force and bowl with our eyes closed. Toni and I were much better at it than Huevos, but that was probably just because he decided to use the dark side. Toni and I put on padawan braids and we changed our names on the score screen to slightly SW-ish things. I love being a big huge dork.  I think I don't know I think I know I dont think I know I think I dont think I know I think....
    

02,June,2004


	 
       urlLink He's Back.   I think I don't know I think I know I dont think I know I think I dont think I know I think....
    

01,June,2004


	 
      Why are you wearing tights?   Thomas, it was for conversational purposes. They hadn't actually seen you before, so I get to exagerate. ha, pack-mule  If I can come I have to find some random or obscure soda, or maybe I'll get a bunch of Jones's if funds are sufficient.  I think I don't know I think I know I dont think I know I think I dont think I know I think....
    

01,June,2004


	 
      I declare this second blog war over, and the people rejoice! Let there never be such dark times again. In other news, Marten called me a sexy beast...What's all that about?  -I think I don't know I think I know I dont think I know I think I dont think I know I think....
    

01,June,2004


	 
      Marten, I'm sorry I said that. It was wrong and mean, and I absolutely want to blog with you again. Once Again, I'm sorry.  Okay, resume general blogging  Random Thoughts * While the new description is funny, it isn't true as at this very moment, I am wearing tights. * Everyone coming on Friday needs to bring sodas to share with everyone. * People should start referring to the police as "the fuzz" again  I think I don't know I think I know I dont think I know I think I dont think I know I think....
    

01,June,2004


	 
      Marten, you've got admin power back.  If you want to use it to quit again, so be it.  I'd rather we all just forget this nonsense and get back to blogging.  Erin has been the most sensible so far.  These issues are between Michael and Marten, and I would prefer they find another way to fight it out without screwing up the blog for the rest of us.  BTW, who wrote the new description?  I like it. Anyway, it occurred to me that a bunch of blog-worthy stuff has happened to me lately that I haven't written because of the nonsense.  For instance, all the tornados on Sunday.  We were in the basement for around two hours ,[Ha! I was in a leaky fallout shelter for about half an hour. It would be nifty if I wasn't pissed about still being there-Marten]  and they came right over us.  Luckily none of them touched down, but we were pretty worried.  It got to the point where we were stashing our valuables in the basement.  Then on Monday, following a note from my grandma's mother, we found her grandfather's grave.  For those of you not keeping track, that's my grandma's great grandfather or my great great great grandfather, Jacob Tanner Snyder, who fought in the civil war.  Not thrity feet from his grave is that of Richard Gattling, inventor of the first automatic weapon - the gattling gun.  And less than a mile away is our shortest running president, William Henry Harrison. So that was pretty cool.  It's not every day you track down a 150 year old relative.  I think I don't know I think I know I dont think I know I think I dont think I know I think....
    

01,June,2004


	 
      You guys, this has gotten fucking ridiculous. And that's my official stand.  I think I don't know I think I know I dont think I know I think I dont think I know I think....
    

01,June,2004


	 
      Okay, I left the first time because I was having a bad day, and didn't particularly like the way the blog was working.  I was convinced that people wanted me back. So I accept the invite from michael, and he accuses me of folding. Thats exactly why I hadn't already come back! If I leave and come back, you're just going to make annoying comments about it. Cuz thats what you do. You're the Michael Christie of making annoying comments. So I always have to watch what I write so I don't write anything you can make an annoying assnark comment on. Well, I'm sick of it michael. I'm tired of standing up for someone who kicks me in the back of the knees so I fall back down.  I think I don't know I think I know I dont think I know I think I dont think I know I think....
    

01,June,2004


	 
      Damnit, would someone just kick me off? This isn't going to work.  I think I don't know I think I know I dont think I know I think I dont think I know I think....
    

01,June,2004


	 
      Okay, I've had it. For 45 minutes I was fired from this blog by Marten because he is being petty, immature and a general ass. His new description was this: "This is for Michael: Continuing to be an ass isn't going to help you any. My patience runs thin and I'm running on hypocracy. Therefore, I can be an ass, and you cannot. Do not push me."   Marten, I'm not speaking to you anymore. Just because you think you are "Marten the Great" or the "Pirate King" doesn't mean that you are. Also the fact is you left. You're no longer the "leader". You can't claim that title  because you left . I'm dropping it as of now, so if BlogWar II: Electric Boogaloo drags on any longer, ladies and gentlemen of the blog, I believe that you will know who is responsible.  
    

01,June,2004


	 
      Here's how it works.  I'm not being a jerk here, just trying to sort things out.  Marten and Michael are both flagrantly abusing their admin powers because they're mad at each other, because this is childish and immature, I'm taking away said powers.  Do I really have that power? No.  So if any of you think I've judged in error and give the powers back, I will except that I was wrong and let it stand.  If you guys agree with me, then leave their powers off.  I'm not mad at you guys, but when we made the "Everybody's an admin" rule it was not so you could be petty and immature.  And I don't care who started it.   I think I don't know I think I know I dont think I know I think I dont think I know I think....
    

01,June,2004


	 
      I'm back, sorry for any confusion I caused. I was just having a bad day and acted rashly. Michael: If you chose to be an asshole, fine. I offer no further apology. Everyone else, I think it's good to be back, if it really was pointless, then I'll leave again.  I think I don't know I think I know I don't think I know I think I don't think I know I think....
    

01,June,2004


	 
      Is Tyler here yet?  Why not?  I have barracaded myself in my house and refuse to go out because the cicadas are so bad.  I hate everything about them.  I hate how they look, the constant raquet they make, I hate how they are crappy fliers, I hate how they smell, and I espeacially hate how they keep getting into my room.  Michael, your mom woukld go crazy at our house.  We've got cicadas out our butts.  I hate living in the woods. I want to STUFF the CICADAS! with lead!
    

01,June,2004


	 
      The following is a fifteen page blitz-blog. Events occur in Real Time  OnlineHost: *** You are in "Chat 36096785860384530270". *** OnlineHost: Now you can chat privately with AOL and Internet users. Amarismoon14: Allo! SBristowSD6: Hi, Sarah! Trekker7474: Hey The Squid3188: how many we got? Trekker7474: Can't stay long Amarismoon14: Ash hasn't been invited yet The Squid3188: I can't invite SBristowSD6: There she is. Amarismoon14: YAY! The Squid3188: Marten? SBristowSD6: Marten's being pig headed. musiknote2006: I am here The Squid3188: ahh SBristowSD6: Or he didn't get the invite. SBristowSD6: So: Sarah, Ashley, Busty, Chesty The Squid3188: or both SBristowSD6: How are you? musiknote2006: I'm good. I am happy! SBristowSD6: He did musiknote2006: :-D Amarismoon14: I'm also happy! Trekker7474: I'm not answering to that The Squid3188: hey Marten SBristowSD6: Hi Marten! MysteriousBob87: allo The Squid3188: if that is your real name MysteriousBob87: machines being evil musiknote2006: Hello@! SBristowSD6: Computers are evil this week. SBristowSD6: That's why Thomas isn't here. Amarismoon14: Yes, they have been musiknote2006: Aren't they always evil? MysteriousBob87: um, not online? MysteriousBob87: yes The Squid3188: I'm typing bigger cause I can't do fonts and I want to be special MysteriousBob87: they hate people SBristowSD6: Ha! SBristowSD6: Not Bigger! MysteriousBob87: I like purple Amarismoon14: GREEN! The Squid3188: and it makes me feel big The Squid3188: ROAR!!! SBristowSD6: Marten, that's a freudian slip if there ever was one. Amarismoon14: Settle down, Jonah! Trekker7474: You can't do fonts? MysteriousBob87: not really Trekker7474: I have a font The Squid3188: I'm on express MysteriousBob87: I can like purple  Trekker7474: I feel special SBristowSD6: I can do fonts, they just don't appear bigger. SBristowSD6: Oh... The Squid3188: I can't see fonts SBristowSD6: OH The Squid3188: but I can see colors, bold/italics, and size SBristowSD6: Good. MysteriousBob87: I see blog people SBristowSD6: No. SBristowSD6: Just No, Marten. MysteriousBob87: silence michael SBristowSD6: That joke died four years ago. Amarismoon14: haha The Squid3188: the problem is musiknote2006: lol MysteriousBob87: I see dead jokes Amarismoon14: PINK! musiknote2006: Yes! The Squid3188: I feel like I can't say unimportant things Amarismoon14: Go, Ash! musiknote2006: It has returned! SBristowSD6: Stop beating that dead horse. SBristowSD6: Yay for Pink! The Squid3188: because everything I say looks important MysteriousBob87: I see dead horses Amarismoon14: *sigh* Trekker7474: I'm confused SBristowSD6: Marten, go raise some dead person's kids. The Squid3188: of course, I'm also being ignored Amarismoon14: HI JONAH! The Squid3188: so it's kind of a wash SBristowSD6: You're important Jonah. The Squid3188: hi Sarah SBristowSD6: That's why we like you. Trekker7474: I hate these The Squid3188: what's new? SBristowSD6: Hate what? MysteriousBob87: I see dead kids Trekker7474: They move to fast musiknote2006: I know the feeling Trekker7474: chat rooms Amarismoon14: exactly The Squid3188: that's the point The Squid3188: hence the term blitzblog SBristowSD6: Maybe you're just slow. The Squid3188: you just got served like a tray of caviarre, Nathan MysteriousBob87: I see slow people MysteriousBob87: very slowly? SBristowSD6: Also they don't move "to" fast. SBristowSD6: They move too fast. Trekker7474: I like to take life at it's own pace Amarismoon14: Which would be? SBristowSD6: Don't can't move to fast. Trekker7474: I also like to multitask The Squid3188: Marten has so far spoken only in permutations of that dead catchphrase SBristowSD6: Fast is not a place. SBristowSD6: Yes, but he's being pigheaded. MysteriousBob87: I have a big head Trekker7474: I'm doing other things at the same time, or at least I was MysteriousBob87: and its pink The Squid3188: or perhaps, fast is a place MysteriousBob87: like a pig SBristowSD6: Marten is a pig! SBristowSD6: He's large, pink and smells funny! The Squid3188: ok, now he's talking in noncatchphrases SBristowSD6: I just put it all together! Trekker7474: Ok MysteriousBob87: actually, its becasue I eat shrimp SBristowSD6: I can't eat shrimp. musiknote2006: Shrimp is good Amarismoon14: YUM! musiknote2006: I like it! Amarismoon14: HUNGRY! SBristowSD6: Shellfish Allergies musiknote2006: Not hungry Amarismoon14: fine Amarismoon14: be that way, Ash musiknote2006: I will be! Amarismoon14: OKAY! MysteriousBob87: I like shrimp flavored potato chips musiknote2006: HEy, I ate a burger today The Squid3188: pie musiknote2006: Be happy Amarismoon14: orange Trekker7474: orange SBristowSD6: Damn! SBristowSD6: Orange! musiknote2006: I don't like prawn chips MysteriousBob87: orange musiknote2006: Orange! The Squid3188: It worked! Amarismoon14: YAY! The Squid3188: I love you all! Trekker7474: Nathan is corn fussed Amarismoon14: poor Nathan Amarismoon14: he's slow musiknote2006: So am I! musiknote2006: lol SBristowSD6: Nathan is slow and doesn't know the difference between "two" "to" and "too" Amarismoon14: defending the bf, huh? SBristowSD6: Aww... Trekker7474: I don't  musiknote2006: Be nice to me! The Squid3188: no, they're just perfect for each other Amarismoon14: AWWWWWWWWW! The Squid3188: they can have a nice slow wedding Trekker7474: They've always cornfussed me Amarismoon14: haha The Squid3188: live in a big slow house MysteriousBob87: I know the diferende between a clam and a taco The Squid3188: have 2.5 slow children SBristowSD6: Drive big slow cars! musiknote2006: What? MysteriousBob87: and raise a dead persons kids Amarismoon14: slowly musiknote2006: I leave for two seconds, and I am confused MysteriousBob87: no, not slowly MysteriousBob87: then people will honk at you The Squid3188: Eat fine, slow muffins Trekker7474: me, too Trekker7474: LOL SBristowSD6: Raise 2.5 dead person's slow kids. MysteriousBob87: slowly musiknote2006: Who are they talking about? Amarismoon14: NAthan and you Trekker7474: us, I think MysteriousBob87: slow is the opposite of fast! SBristowSD6: Yeah. The Squid3188: Michael, did you catch the five-minute Iliad joke? Amarismoon14: really? SBristowSD6: No. SBristowSD6: I didn't. musiknote2006: Why us? The Squid3188: Fine English muffins SBristowSD6: Oh... The Squid3188: from Dracula The Squid3188: because you The Squid3188: are MysteriousBob87: slow? The Squid3188: SLOW SBristowSD6: Oh. The Squid3188: SLOW! SBristowSD6: Marten is eating bugs. SBristowSD6: Diagnosis: Batshit Crazy musiknote2006: Good for him SBristowSD6: Treatment: Morphine MysteriousBob87: actually, Im eating meijer brand wheat crackers The Squid3188: same diff    musiknote2006: uhhh...yum....?? SBristowSD6: Ew? The Squid3188: y'know who hasn't said anything for a while? The Squid3188: Sarah MysteriousBob87: and drinking lemondae-tea from country time brand powder mix Trekker7474: Taco and clam are natural enemies, competing over a resource which is a pink baloon SBristowSD6: Oooh! MysteriousBob87: w00t! Amarismoon14: HI! MysteriousBob87: nathan is no longer slow! Amarismoon14: I said stuff! musiknote2006: Hi Sarah! MysteriousBob87: or atleast everyone else is slower The Squid3188: evidently she's still here MysteriousBob87: I see stuff Amarismoon14: no kidding SBristowSD6: No we are/ MysteriousBob87: I see sarah SBristowSD6: Marten, y'all better not do this during "A Proportional Response" The Squid3188: pie MysteriousBob87: what? Amarismoon14: Jonah SBristowSD6: Orange! MysteriousBob87: orange SBristowSD6: is! musiknote2006: Orange! Trekker7474: awesome MysteriousBob87: pie The Squid3188: that worked moderately well Trekker7474: orange Amarismoon14: okay The Squid3188: orange! Amarismoon14: why was mine different?? MysteriousBob87: get it? its orange SBristowSD6: We're at page five of a word document right now. musiknote2006: Wow The Squid3188: because, it spells jonah is awesome MysteriousBob87: I see pages The Squid3188: plus many oranges Amarismoon14: okay MysteriousBob87: and oranges Amarismoon14: just checkin' SBristowSD6: No it spells "Jonah Orange Orange is Orange Awesome." MysteriousBob87: poop, Im out of lemonade-tea SBristowSD6: Lemonade-Tea? The Squid3188: I forgot that the oranges would still happen musiknote2006: okay......? SBristowSD6: That's just wrong. MysteriousBob87: its lemonade flavored tea SBristowSD6: You said pie. MysteriousBob87: its not wrong, just kind of silly The Squid3188: which is lemon flavored tea, plus sugar? MysteriousBob87: no  MysteriousBob87: sugar is included in the powdered mix SBristowSD6: Can people put citrus into pie? musiknote2006: SUgar is good Amarismoon14: yeah Amarismoon14: yeah MysteriousBob87: I can go get the container and read off the ingredients SBristowSD6: Please don SBristowSD6: 't. Amarismoon14: hehe SBristowSD6: I hate when that happens! The Squid3188: it's like a philabuster SBristowSD6: Filibuster. MysteriousBob87: only we're sitting down The Squid3188: people with nothing to say read cookbooks SBristowSD6: West Wing! musiknote2006: lol SBristowSD6: Yay! MysteriousBob87: lol SBristowSD6: The Stackhouse Filibuster MysteriousBob87: the steakhouse filibuster Trekker7474: Wombat Amarismoon14: 1 SBristowSD6: 2 The Squid3188: 3 MysteriousBob87: 5 musiknote2006: 4 SBristowSD6: Ha! SBristowSD6: Didn't work. MysteriousBob87: lol Amarismoon14: Ash was too slow musiknote2006: Sorry! Trekker7474: so close SBristowSD6: Aww... musiknote2006: ;-( Amarismoon14: it's okay SBristowSD6: Ashley is slow... musiknote2006: Chelsea was tlking to me! SBristowSD6: As is Nathan... musiknote2006: I am slow Trekker7474: Jonah musiknote2006: Ashley = slow SBristowSD6: Did Chelsea take the last "A"? Trekker7474: That's why I beat you in Smash today SBristowSD6: Ashley = The Walrus Koo-Koo-Ka-Choo Trekker7474: slo-mo MysteriousBob87: I want more lemonade-tea! Trekker7474: deal MysteriousBob87: Im the egg man SBristowSD6: No. Amarismoon14: Nathan SBristowSD6: is! Trekker7474: eggs taste good MysteriousBob87: a SBristowSD6: Doofus! The Squid3188: loser! Trekker7474: but weasels don't MysteriousBob87: pie! SBristowSD6: Orange! musiknote2006: Orange? Trekker7474: orange Amarismoon14: haha MysteriousBob87: jokes one you, Im not jonah! musiknote2006: Ha. Trekker7474: Jonah SBristowSD6: You suck, Marten. MysteriousBob87: or ami??? SBristowSD6: Is Awesome!musiknote2006: I am slow. I didn't catch that. Amarismoon14: Ash... Amarismoon14: *sigh* The Squid3188: ORANGE!!!! MysteriousBob87: yay! MysteriousBob87: erins here! musiknote2006: WHy the sigh? LuckEdc: Hi Trekker7474: Who's Ami? SBristowSD6: Erin's Here! musiknote2006: Hi! The Squid3188: Erin Amarismoon14: Hi! Trekker7474: I'm confused MysteriousBob87: i know musiknote2006: nathan: Am I? MysteriousBob87: thats nothing new The Squid3188: pie Amarismoon14: it's Am I? LuckEdc: I am also confused. Trekker7474: yellow MysteriousBob87: pie Trekker7474: I defy you! SBristowSD6: It's a very confusing group. The Squid3188: ahem PIE! MysteriousBob87: orange musiknote2006: ORANGE! SBristowSD6: Orange! LuckEdc: haha! Pie! Amarismoon14: orange! Trekker7474: BLUE The Squid3188: orange MysteriousBob87: no, orange SBristowSD6: Orange! LuckEdc: Pi! The Squid3188: Nathan, how dare you Trekker7474: I DEFY YOu're Orange The Squid3188: you said blue! MysteriousBob87: Eta Beta’ LuckEdc: Pai! The Squid3188: mortal combat Trekker7474: *YOUR musiknote2006: My light's flickering.... musiknote2006: Ut's about to die Amarismoon14: what light? Trekker7474: We g2g SBristowSD6: No!  musiknote2006: I must get another lightbulb Trekker7474: supper SBristowSD6: Poor Ut! SBristowSD6: Don't Die Ut! MysteriousBob87: why? musiknote2006: *IT Trekker7474: bye musiknote2006: Bye! The Squid3188: unfortunately, food calls LuckEdc: bye MysteriousBob87: I want some SBristowSD6: Bye Nathan and Jonah! Amarismoon14: bye! MysteriousBob87: Pie! SBristowSD6: Come back now, y'hear? The Squid3188: neither pie nor oranges nor shrimp nor clams nor tacos LuckEdc: Good night John Boy. MysteriousBob87: foo The Squid3188: but food nonetheless Amarismoon14: what about donuts? The Squid3188: have a fun blitzblog MysteriousBob87: lemonade-tea? LuckEdc: Millennium hand and shrimp! SBristowSD6: I wish I had donuts. musiknote2006: back The Squid3188: no and no Amarismoon14: I ate all of mine MysteriousBob87: meijer brand wheat crackers? SBristowSD6: My mom is making me go on Atkins. LuckEdc: That's dumb. The Squid3188: but Atkins is evil SBristowSD6: BUT I WANT CARBS! SBristowSD6: I WANT LOTS OF CARBS! The Squid3188: fight the power mIchael MysteriousBob87: I want crabs Amarismoon14: CARBS = GOOD SBristowSD6: CARBS IN THE MORNING! SBristowSD6: CARBS IN THE EVENING! MysteriousBob87: Crabs=good SBristowSD6: CARBS AT SUPPERTIME! LuckEdc: Everybody wants carbs. That's why they're bad for you. MysteriousBob87: I want crabs right now MysteriousBob87: carbs arent bad for you SBristowSD6: WHEN THEY PUT CARBS ON A BAGEL, YOU CAN EAT CARBS ANYTIME! MysteriousBob87: not doing anything with them is bad musiknote2006: Pasta is good Amarismoon14: Chocolate is good LuckEdc: But people try to make you think they are. Because you like them. MysteriousBob87: I wish they put crabs on a bagel SBristowSD6: No, Silly Boy... LuckEdc: I don't. MysteriousBob87: well, I like crabs and no one tries to make me think they are bad for me SBristowSD6: You put Lox on a bagel! MysteriousBob87: lox? musiknote2006: Lox = best bagel topping SBristowSD6: Marten, you have crabs. musiknote2006: I love lox! MysteriousBob87: no i dont Amarismoon14: never heard of Lox MysteriousBob87: I wish i did musiknote2006: It's good SBristowSD6: Aww...Marten's embarrassed about his STD. Amarismoon14: Be proud! MysteriousBob87: no, Im embarassed about my lack of seefood SBristowSD6: Seefood? LuckEdc: the food you can see? MysteriousBob87: and My  std is vaginitis, oddly enough MysteriousBob87: lacking a vagina and all Amarismoon14: as in "If I see food, I eat it"? SBristowSD6: Marten, Vaginitis isn't an STD. MysteriousBob87: I SMELL TUNA!!! Amarismoon14: that is odd SBristowSD6: I read the brochure. MysteriousBob87: well, I didn't LuckEdc: I don't smell tuna. SBristowSD6: Vaginitis = Not an STD MysteriousBob87: thats what I get for not reading the brochure musiknote2006: Tuna is good Amarismoon14: Yes! Amarismoon14: TUNA! SBristowSD6: So Everyone except Erin is coming on Friday? Amarismoon14: But donuts are better. MysteriousBob87: I dont know what im doing friday Amarismoon14: I'm trying to clear my schedule. musiknote2006: Maybe............????????? SBristowSD6: Fine then. SBristowSD6: Marten... Amarismoon14: b/c I'm Ash's ride SBristowSD6: You're fired. musiknote2006: I'm going if Sarah is.. SBristowSD6: ::Donald Trump Hand Gesture:: LuckEdc: Marten, we couldn't watch ANH today because my mom is sick and she stayed home to sleep. MysteriousBob87: poo SBristowSD6: Marten quit because he's a pissy drama queen. MysteriousBob87: I was wondering why you hadnt called after the normal breakfast time SBristowSD6: ANH? LuckEdc: But she's going to work tomorrow. MysteriousBob87: Is that bad? LuckEdc: No. That's good. At least if you're free tomorrow and can transport yourself hither. SBristowSD6: Obviously! MysteriousBob87: okay SBristowSD6: I transport myself hither! MysteriousBob87: I was talkign to erin, michael musiknote2006: Well, I must go start dinner Amarismoon14: bye, Ash!! LuckEdc: bye person I don't know Amarismoon14: you don't know me, either MysteriousBob87: thats nates girlfriend musiknote2006: I'm Ashley! musiknote2006: ANd I am leaving! MysteriousBob87: isnt it magical? musiknote2006: Ciao! SBristowSD6: It's a chat room, you're talking to everyone. Amarismoon14: Au revoir! MysteriousBob87: bye SBristowSD6: Bye! LuckEdc: Hi Ashley! Bye Ashley! SBristowSD6: Bye Ashley! MysteriousBob87: no, I'm talking to whom I'm talking LuckEdc: Who is the other person I don't know? Amarismoon14: Sarah! SBristowSD6: You're talking to your mom! MysteriousBob87: i dont know her either LuckEdc: Hi Sarah! MysteriousBob87: no Im not SBristowSD6: None of us do. Amarismoon14: Hi!!! MysteriousBob87: I dont see my mom SBristowSD6: But she seems fun! Amarismoon14: Yeah Amarismoon14: I'm tlaking to people I've never met in person Amarismoon14: this is fun! MysteriousBob87: I dont see sarah SBristowSD6: It's like being in a real chat room! Amarismoon14: That's a good thing Amarismoon14: I know! MysteriousBob87: thats because its a realchat room MysteriousBob87: go figure Amarismoon14: well, now it is SBristowSD6: I meant a public one, you wee little puppet man. MysteriousBob87: thats why it says chatroom at the top MysteriousBob87: I am not puppet LuckEdc: Marten's not a puppet. Although that would be funny. SBristowSD6: Like that episode of Angel. MysteriousBob87: or in chicago SBristowSD6: Ha! Amarismoon14: that was a good scene SBristowSD6: Marten's a press-corps! LuckEdc: oh yes oh yes they both reached for the pie the pie the pie the pie MysteriousBob87: since only michael and apparently sarag watch angel MysteriousBob87: orange1 Amarismoon14: no Amarismoon14: I was talking about Chicago SBristowSD6: Yeah! MysteriousBob87: so its just michael that watches angel LuckEdc: yup Amarismoon14: Alison does SBristowSD6: Sarah, the million dollar question is forthcoming... Amarismoon14: who only a few people know SBristowSD6: What is your favorite TV Show? Amarismoon14: OOH! Amarismoon14: Really??? Amarismoon14: Joan of Arcadia MysteriousBob87: shes in Amarismoon14: I love that show LuckEdc: Yay! I love Adam Rove! SBristowSD6: She's definitely in. Amarismoon14: YAY! Amarismoon14: I feel loved MysteriousBob87: meanwhile, I still want more lemonade-tea Amarismoon14: I love Adam, too!!! SBristowSD6: Claire would have been in, but her favorite show was 7th Heaven. Amarismoon14: umm...okay MysteriousBob87: I need one of those personal fridges SBristowSD6: And not in an ironic way either. LuckEdc: Everybody loves Adam. MysteriousBob87: claire loses SBristowSD6: I love Adam! SBristowSD6: In a straight way! MysteriousBob87: actually I hate adam MysteriousBob87: just to be contrary SBristowSD6: You Suck! Amarismoon14: Pooh on you then! LuckEdc: If you really hated him, you'd be dead by now. MysteriousBob87: or maybe i love him in a homosexual way LuckEdc: God would smite you. SBristowSD6: Smite! SBristowSD6: Counter-Smite! Amarismoon14: as in your smite key? MysteriousBob87: countersmite! LuckEdc: Michael, I hate to break it to you, but you're not God. SBristowSD6: No, it's a running gag. LuckEdc: I know.  MysteriousBob87: you cant counter smite if you smote first SBristowSD6: He who smites, smites last. SBristowSD6: Smite! MysteriousBob87: you can only counter smite smites that have already been launched MysteriousBob87: countersmite! SBristowSD6: Counter-Counter-Smite! MysteriousBob87: double-smite! Amarismoon14: I'll stay out of the line of fire SBristowSD6: You're fired. MysteriousBob87: smite absorbtion! LuckEdc: Ubersmite? SBristowSD6: ::Donald Trump Hand Gesture:: SBristowSD6: No! MysteriousBob87: Ubermcsmity-smite! SBristowSD6: That's the nuclear bomb of smites! LuckEdc: Um. MysteriousBob87: donald trump smite! SBristowSD6: How very Lorelai of you. Amarismoon14: Hi, Erin!!! How are you? LuckEdc: I'm fine. SBristowSD6: I'm good. SBristowSD6: Wait. SBristowSD6: I'm not Erin. Amarismoon14: You're not EWrin LuckEdc: Who's being Lorelai? Amarismoon14: exactly SBristowSD6: Marten. MysteriousBob87: I dont watch that show LuckEdc: That puts funny pictures in my head. SBristowSD6: Uber McSmity-Smite. SBristowSD6: Marten's a Java Junkie! MysteriousBob87: of me with boobs? MysteriousBob87: cuz thats too wierd SBristowSD6: Wow! Didn't need that image! MysteriousBob87: well, she said funny pictures LuckEdc: No. Of you wearing scarves and drinking coffee and talking really fast SBristowSD6: And dating flighty men. MysteriousBob87: I can talk really fast and drink coffee LuckEdc: Luke's not flighty SBristowSD6: Previous to Luke! MysteriousBob87: and judging by todays sitcoms i could date really flighty men LuckEdc: Luke's, like, the anit-flighty SBristowSD6: Christopher, that one dude, Digger? SBristowSD6: All Flighty Men. LuckEdc: okay, okay MysteriousBob87: but i couldnt wear a scarf unless it were on my head LuckEdc: yes you could MysteriousBob87: your moms not flighty SBristowSD6: Marten's a Babushka! LuckEdc: you would look pretty MysteriousBob87: I dont think so MysteriousBob87: Im not a scarf person MysteriousBob87: unless im really cold SBristowSD6: Well then, you're not a Gilmore Girl. 6: Okay. Amarismoon14: good night! and farewell! SBristowSD6: Previously on The West Wing:  LuckEdc: Night! MysteriousBob87: ompompompompompomp SBristowSD6: Ashley and Nathan were Slow. SBristowSD6: Sarah left. SBristowSD6: Erin came. MysteriousBob87: ompompompomp SBristowSD6: Jonah and Nathan left to eat dinner. MysteriousBob87: erin came before sarah left SBristowSD6: Shut up. MysteriousBob87: youve got your chronology out of wack MysteriousBob87: Omp! LuckEdc: Oh, Michael, I watched the ERs. MysteriousBob87: ompompompompomp SBristowSD6: Previouslies aren't in chronological order! SBristowSD6: They're in whatever the hell order they want to be in! MysteriousBob87: sure they are MysteriousBob87: ompompomp SBristowSD6: And if there was one more person here, I'd fire you. LuckEdc: Nothing good happened except that boy didn't die, and that other boy didn't die, and Abby passed her boards. MysteriousBob87: they should have all died MysteriousBob87: great for a finale SBristowSD6: Chen and Pratt were shot! SBristowSD6: That's good! LuckEdc: Possibly LuckEdc: I'm very disappointed in Neela, unless Parminder Nagra's trying to find a decent job, in which case good for her. MysteriousBob87: Im a cosmo coin and boy am I glad to see you icebox1519: ha LuckEdc: ah! another person! icebox1519: hi icebox1519: hi SBristowSD6: It's Rachel Bossi! MysteriousBob87: who the devil? MysteriousBob87: oh icebox1519: yay! LuckEdc: Hi Rachel Bossi SBristowSD6: Ha! icebox1519: Hi...person SBristowSD6: That's what I say! SBristowSD6: That's Erin. MysteriousBob87: Im prozac the bear icebox1519: oh LuckEdc: That's Marten MysteriousBob87: whats another large mamalian predator? icebox1519: umm... SBristowSD6: You may know her from such school plays "Once in a Lifetime" and "Design For Murder" SBristowSD6: Cougar! icebox1519: Yes, I know who Erin is...you play rugby right? SBristowSD6: No. LuckEdc: hahahahaha icebox1519: j/k SBristowSD6: Yeah. MysteriousBob87: Id prefer not using a canine or a feline SBristowSD6: Large Mammalian predator? LuckEdc: ... werewolf? SBristowSD6: YOUR MOM! LuckEdc: too canine? LuckEdc: POLAR Bear? MysteriousBob87: hmmm... MysteriousBob87: does zoloft cause mood swings? SBristowSD6: No! MysteriousBob87: I could be Zoloft the Werewolf LuckEdc: It's a mood stabilizer MysteriousBob87: i know LuckEdc: lol SBristowSD6: Didn't you see the commercial with the cute bouncing dotes? SBristowSD6: *dots MysteriousBob87: but it could have side efects that conteraidct the purpose SBristowSD6: The one dot is always sad, and then it gets drugs and then it's happy! LuckEdc: oh, like when headache medicine causes headaches? MysteriousBob87: yes MysteriousBob87: very much like that MysteriousBob87: Maybe, Zoloft the Lion will work MysteriousBob87: just as complimentary MysteriousBob87: to the bear that prozac is LuckEdc: Hee! She's a werewolf. Because she were a wolf, and now she ain't, see? MysteriousBob87: AUGH! MysteriousBob87: her was SBristowSD6: Oh, God. MysteriousBob87: she were SBristowSD6: Please don't bring the Pajama Game. LuckEdc: Isn't her? MysteriousBob87: but its the game Im in LuckEdc: And we can hardly wait to wake again to work in it! SBristowSD6: Game This, Bitch! OnlineHost: *** You have ejected MysteriousBob87 from this room *** SBristowSD6: Ha! SBristowSD6: That was funny! LuckEdc: Micahel, don't be bitchy SBristowSD6: I invited him back. SBristowSD6: Okay Reni? LuckEdc: ok LuckEdc: Who's... oh, that's my name. SBristowSD6: Yes. SBristowSD6: It's spelled wrong on purpose. SBristowSD6: Because you spelled my name wrong. LuckEdc: So I guessed LuckEdc: well, that was just a typo SBristowSD6: Yes. LuckEdc: Ah! Dinner's ready! Must go! Tofig36: blitzblog SBristowSD6: Yes. LuckEdc: Hi Thomas! Bye Thomas! SBristowSD6: Rachel, Erin and I. SBristowSD6: Bye Thomas! SBristowSD6: I mean Erin! icebox1519: wha? icebox1519: w icebox1519: why are we all saying bye? icebox1519: are we leaving? SBristowSD6: Erin's leaving. icebox1519: sorry, i just missed all of that icebox1519: oh, bye erin! SBristowSD6: Oh. LuckEdc: Ta-ta! SBristowSD6: Ha! SBristowSD6: Okay. icebox1519: what SBristowSD6: Thomas, you know we're starting the JournalCon on Friday at 1, right? SBristowSD6: Also, I need y'all to bring soda. icebox1519: it starts at one now?  i thought you said 12 SBristowSD6: Summer School doesn't end until 12:30. icebox1519: j/k then SBristowSD6: It also starts on Friday for some reason known only to God and Mr. McAfee. icebox1519: lol icebox1519: yeah, I was wondering about that too icebox1519: i think that's absolutely retarded Tofig36: summer school will perish icebox1519: that's cool SBristowSD6: Excellent. SBristowSD6: Hopefully it will take some teachers with it. SBristowSD6: Mr. Hall SBristowSD6: Mrs. Mohr. icebox1519: lol SBristowSD6: So have you both started reading the Summer Reading list? SBristowSD6: I read the list. SBristowSD6: That's about it? SBristowSD6: *. icebox1519: lol icebox1519: that's about the same for me icebox1519: acutally, wait, i didn't read the list icebox1519: j/k SBristowSD6: I'm scared of AP English. icebox1519: yeah me too SBristowSD6: The one teacher already hates me. icebox1519: we'll get through it together though!  which one? SBristowSD6: The other one is Phillipy. SBristowSD6: So I'm screwed either way. icebox1519: Yeah, I have mr. phillipy icebox1519: i saw my schedule already while at the counslor's office SBristowSD6: No! icebox1519: ? SBristowSD6: I don't want Phillipy. SBristowSD6: But I want to be in Rachel's class. icebox1519: why dont you want mr. phillipy?  is he really evi? SBristowSD6: Thomas? SBristowSD6: I heard he was. SBristowSD6: Ooh. SBristowSD6: Bad Teachers: SBristowSD6: Schulenborg SBristowSD6: Weichert SBristowSD6: Carrico SBristowSD6: Granger SBristowSD6: Stallworth SBristowSD6: Mohr SBristowSD6: Bui-Brown SBristowSD6: Sinclair SBristowSD6: Okay, why is nobody talking? SBristowSD6: Rachel, Thomas... SBristowSD6: You're Fired.  I want to STUFF the MONKEY!
    

31,July,2004


	 
      a "fringe" environmentalist."   Hey! Guess what! What should have been a rapid descent into hell wasn't! National Parks have got their stuff together and have phones and some have free internet access and they're awesome!  Right now I am in Zion. It's actually 2:44 PM, because of Mountain time, but even though I don't like nature or heat or bugs, I am actually enjoying Utah. Beaver Creek already kicked ass and took names and I have exactly two minutes left so I'm wrapping this up.   I may get on tomorrow, I may not. I barely got on today, because a lady who must have been the Brazilian equivalent of Ann Landers took forever checking her e-mail.  And I'm spent...  Haha, tricked you, I'm a hippie.
    

30,July,2004


	 
      So I'm back, at long last.  It's been two weeks like you wouldn't believe.  I met a girl named Blithe and one named Virdi, for those of you into weird girl names.  Also a guy named Jonars.  In the past week I've been working on Rat, the magazine for mall rats.  20 pages, three people, one week.  I have it as a pdf, and if anyone knows how I could upload it to the internet, that would be awesome, because then you could all see it.  Triennium, as Nathan said, was phenomenally awesome.  Words cannot describe.  There was a Wizard of Oz event that was like a Journalcon on crack.  Not only did we quote and snark, but there were Rocky Horror Picture Show-esque interactivities.  Thomas, Nathan, and I, as flying monkeys, waited until the witch said "Fly, Fly, Fly!" then ran around the audience in masks, fezes, and wings screaming, whooping and jumping. It was crazy fun.  A girl in my small group broke my slinky, so we cut off the broken part.  The girl (Maria) turned it into a bracelet, so now I have a half-slinky, and I can tell people truthfully that the rest of my slinky is on some girl's wrist in California.  If that's not awesome, I don't know what is.  Anyway, that's all I have to say, also that I'm gonna update Corndog really soon. 
    

27,July,2004


	 
      Standing Stone was okay, but Triennium would have been better. I keep forgetting I'm the weird one. Mostly walking to and from the dam, to and from the rec hall, and playing cards, or video games when my cousins ditched me from time to time. It wasn't in a mean way, they just never made an effort to find me before they went and did stuff, and when I found them later in the day, they're all "Where've you been?" In my freaking cabin, if you cared to look. sheesh. oh well. Some are coming to Jekyll and Hyde.  Haha, tricked you, I'm a hippie.
    

25,July,2004


	 
      I am back from Triennium.  I have no idea what to say about it in this post.  Thomas, Jonah and I formed a Harmonica, Didjeridoo (sp?), Water Bottle praise band called Slippery When Wet.  ummm.... Boycott Taco Bell.  Pittsburgh with an H, or Pittsburg without an H?  Say 'Bagel'.  Fly, Fly, FLY!!!!!! TWENTY THREE GUITAR SOLOS!  The Band.  Sumo Wrestling.  Global Partner Kickline.  Jesse of the pink hair.  Blithe, Darby, and Jazzimine.  Starship Tiderious!  Carry your Sandal....  Ok that made no sense to anyone but Thomas and Jonah, but I can't begin to describe everything that happened.  Suffice it to say it was really weird, but really fun.  Except maybe for the guitar solos.  Behold, verily, there is the woman of the scarlett letter, and, of a truth, moreover, there is the likeness of the scarlett letter running by her side! Come, therefore, and let us fling mud at them! 
    

25,July,2004


	 
      Hello! I didn't think I'd be posting, but I am! Because the Residence Inn is Awesome, and I love it even though the location sucks.  Denver has been fun. It sounds lame, but that's exactly what it has been. Fun. I'm running out of computer time, so full details will be posted later, possibly in Zion.   Bye! See y'all in August!  Behold, verily, there is the woman of the scarlett letter, and, of a truth, moreover, there is the likeness of the scarlett letter running by her side! Come, therefore, and let us fling mud at them!
    

24,July,2004


	 
      Hey, guys! I wish you weren't all gone. I'm sad and lonely.  Guess what? Comstocks, if you're being INSANELY spoiler-free, turn away. The official title of Episode III is Revenge of the Sith. Just as anybody could have guessed in 1983. Except us, I guess, 'cause we weren't born. But although it's an obvious choice, it's obvious because it's good. Certainly better than a title like "Attack of the Clones." So the sequence of movies (in movietime chronology): The Phantom Menace, Attack of the Clones, Revenge of the Sith, A New Hope, The Empire Strikes Back, Return of the Jedi. Hee. Little things like this give me such pleasure.  Marten and I have communication difficulties in talking about the movies, because he insists on referring to realtime chronology, and I keep referring to movietime. So I'll say Luke looks like Anakin in that shot, and he says no, Anakin looks like Luke. It's frustrating. Almost like the werewolf thing.  Behold, verily, there is the woman of the scarlett letter, and, of a truth, moreover, there is the likeness of the scarlett letter running by her side! Come, therefore, and let us fling mud at them! 
    

21,July,2004


	 
      Well, the TiVo is set, the mail is stopped, the dog is in the kennel and the Christies are going on vacation once again. This time, we’re setting off for the west, metaphorically wagon-train-ing to Las Vegas with about a million stops along the way. It’ll be just like the pioneers, except with motels and a car with XM Satellite Radio and DVD Entertainment System. Our stops will be made in Denver, Beaver Creek/Vail, Grand Junction, Moab (Arches National Park), Bryce  Canyon National Park, Zion National Park, The Grand Canyon (North Rim) and finally ending our trip at the fabulous Paris Las Vegas Resort & Casino. It actually looks to be a great trip, even with the cumulative week spent in National Park Lodging. Because EW! I might be Audioblogging a bit from these locations, which will be fun because I’ve wanted to try that out for a while now and now I have an excuse. After my return, I plan to post a short day-by-day recaplet piece at What Kind of Day Has It Been, which I will then continue to blog on a weekly basis. Cheerio!  Behold, verily, there is the woman of the scarlett letter, and, of a truth, moreover, there is the likeness of the scarlett letter running by her side! Come, therefore, and let us fling mud at them!
    

20,July,2004


	 
       urlLink    Caption this Picture   urlLink    Caption this picture! 
    

18,July,2004


	 
      I HATE OLD PEOPLE!  Our neighbors are out of town and we have been given permission to use their pool. That's cool, no? Well it would be except the neighbor also gave permission to her mother to have a widow support church group thing. They were supposed to be gone by 7. They also brought a niece (I neded to mention that sometime)  They just WON'T LEAVE!  They're "waiting for the niece's mom to come." And she's late and she's really pissing me off. I wanted a nice swim today. Instead I got a bunch of old people swimming in the pool that is rightfully ours, since they had it until 7 and it is presently 8:18.  I hate old people. Behold, verily, there is the woman of the scarlet letter, and, of a truth, moreover, there is the likeness of the scarlet letter running by her side! Come, therefore, and let us fling mud at them!
    

17,July,2004


	 
      You have no idea how weird I'm feeling right now.   It's 6:30 in the evening and dinner is on the table, but to me it feels like morning, because I just got up, having gone to bed 3 hours previously.  I don't take naps; this is why.  My sleep schedule is gonna be off for a week.  Anyway, they want me down at the dinner table, but to me it's breakfast, and it's way to early for me to be able to handle it. Ok, I've had a shower I'm a little better now.  We just saw Seussical! and one of the characters was so Thomas it was funny.  Thomas, you are now Horton the Elephant. Then we played DnD until until the wee hours of the night.  I was a drunken mad dwarf.  It was fun. Then I got carwashed.  ANd cars got washed by me, and so did the dog only not really.  Ok, more sleep now.  Adios! Behold, verily, there is the woman of the scarlett letter, and, of a truth, moreover, there is the likeness of the scarlett letter running by her side! Come, therefore, and let us fling mud at them! 
    

16,July,2004


	 
      Right now I am at Paul's house, where we are midway thorough a Super Smash Brothers battle royale. Carl is sitting next to me playing MoH: Rising Sun multiplayer by himself. I'm Michael Christie, and this is the longest birthday party of my life.   I'm posting about my really really awesome great day. Because the Christie family has traded in their beaten old sport utility vehicle for...a brand new version of the same vehicle. But it has bucket seats in the back, XM satellite radio and DVD Entertainment for the back seat. I love the car, it is almost as good as an Armada. I'd write an ode to the Tahoe Z71, but this is the slowest internet connection ever, so I can't just run over to RhymeZone.com to find a thing.   Also today was the last day of summer gym, in which I got a B, because I cannot serve a volleyball, shoot a free throw, shoot a layup, run either a mile, 100 meters, 400 meters or two consecutive laps without vomiting all over the track. In fact the warmup almost killed me.   I have nothing to say about finishing gym other than:    Freedom is  mine !   And  I  know   how  I  feel ...   It's  a  new dawn .   It's  a  new day .   It's  a  new life ...for me.   And   I'm   feeling   good .    Behold, verily, there is the woman of the scarlett letter, and, of a truth, moreover, there is the likeness of the scarlett letter running by her side! Come, therefore, and let us fling mud at them!    
    

13,July,2004


	 
      Eh, that's as good a title as any!  Did you hear the Canadian slipping in there?  That's courtesy of my awesome cousins and aunt, who are here at my house for a while.  We have been out doing things and stuff for a while now.  We hit the Children's Museum (the  DINOSAUR  exhibit is very cool) RAWR!, the bowling alley (bowled a  77   ), the arcade for some    D  D  R  , and of course, K-mart.  In case you haven't noticed, I'm     A  B  U  S  I  N  G   C  O  L  O  U  R!!!!!   (note the U, very Canadian).  The reason for this is that I am  VERY TIRED!!!!!  For instance, I can't tell my rights from writes. Or wrongs or lefts or something.  Anyway, this knew (I mean new) template line is a great one from scarlet Letter.  So Evelyn (wings) is right next to me now, and she wants this to be known, despite the fact that that means all her potential internet stalkers will know EXACTLY WHERE SHE IS.  Anyway, I'm gonna let her type for a short spell.  I have no idea what to right, so I'll (oops, I'm doing it too.  Too much cousin bonding time methinks) just tell you all to go read my blog which I'll be updating more frequently since my mom knows about it now and I won't have to hide from her when I post.  I'm planning a    "Surviving the Comstocks: Into the heart of Indianapolis's Insane community"    for my upcoming blogs, so stay tuned.   Anyway, I don't have so much more to say right now, so I'm gonna rap up this entry. Darn, well to save face, I'll actually rap up this entry.  (Beatboxing) The entry is over  I typed the last word  So stop reading now  Or I'll flip you the bird  Word.   (Addendum: How the heck does the Blogger spell check not know the word "blog"????? I mean, seriously!)      Behold, verily, there is the woman of the scarlet letter, and, of a truth, moreover, there is the likeness of the scarlet letter running by her side! Come, therefore, and let us fling mud at them!       
    

13,July,2004


	 
      Thanks a lot, Erin. Not only have you bailed on me (for the second time), you did it after I went to fucking Glendale to see King Arthur. A pox upon you!  Behold, verily, there is the woman of the scarlett letter, and, of a truth, moreover, there is the likeness of the scarlett letter running by her side! Come, therefore, and let us fling mud at them!
    

13,July,2004


	 
      Guess what?! Guess! Are you done guessing? Okay, I'll tell you now.  Yesterday I posted my Velma Kelly story-- Marten's read it but I don't think any of the rest of you have yet-- on fanfiction.net and it's been REVIEWED TWICE ALREADY! And the reviews are good! Really good! I'm so happy and excited about it! If any of you are interested, it's called "Closing Night" and it's a "Chicago" fic, which is under movies.  Also, I know the name of my roommate for next year. Her name is Katy Holmes. I haven't contacted her yet, because I'm not sure what to say. I need to think about it a bit. But it's weird, because for some reason I had this odd premonition that her name would be Katy. Spelled like that and everything. Hmm.   I am made of POISON!
    

12,July,2004


	 
      My cousins are here.  It's fun, even if they are a little normal sometimes.  They make up for it by being from Canada, where Carwashes are apparently illegal.  I swear if we could harness the endless energy of ten year olds we wouldn't need cold fusion.  But I'll survive. In other news, we had a Jekyll and Hyde blocking rehearsal today.  I'm a pickpocket and  I GET PROSTITUTES!   I know I'm a little too excited about it, but you have to remember I  was  the girl last time.  It's nice to have hot ones hanging on me. (Don't worry, Ash, you're still my #1 girl) Also, Rachel, you might be interested to know that Brad just got upgraded from 2 or 3 lines to one of the three largest parts in the show.  I am made of POISON!
    

11,July,2004


	 
      I'm back, too. I'm tired. I'm glad Thomas isn't dead. We thought he might be, and "golf" was just his parents in denial. Michigan was fun, I think we should do three days instead of two more often. It feels considerably longer, though. It was the first time in a while that we had to set up in the dark. On saturday I spent the day with a drama troupe, met some interesting people. It was kinda spooky, how similar they were to our group. They even had the same idea of combining bagels and muffins, as well as a few other inside jokes at least half of you guys know about. If we can ever get clothes for you guys, I think it would be fun to start a drama group. It would be part of my plan to revive vaudeville! We could sing and do tricks as well as act, it would be great.    I am made of POISON!
    

11,July,2004


	 
      Thanks to everybody who came out for me to see King Arthur. For my official review of it, you can go to my LJ.   Really, I was just looking for an excuse to use that line as a post title.  I wish I could think of something else to say. I really can't.  Go and tell the children of the night to make beautiful music somewhere else, will you? I have a headache.
    

08,July,2004


	 
      I would just like to establish that I am back. Also, I got my drivers license as well! Possibly on the same day as Marten. More details of my vacation shall be posted at a later time.   Go and tell the children of the night to make beautiful music somewhere else, will you? I have a headache.
    

07,July,2004


	 
      Yo! Everybody who wants to come to see King Arthur: Tomorrow (Friday), 4:10, Glendale.  That is all.  Go and tell the children of the night to make beautiful music somewhere else, will you? I have a headache.
    

07,July,2004


	 
      Have you ever lied for absolutely no reason?  I mean, I was talking to someone today, and I just... lied.  Totally inexplicably.  I didn't even think about it at all.  A total fabrication just escaped my lips.  It couldn't in any concievable way have helped me, but it could hurt me in many ways.  Immediately afterwards, I regretted it, but then there was nothing I could do, and nw I feel all guilty.  But what do I do now?  Just say, 'sorry, that wasn't really true?'  I mean I can't apologize if I didn't have any reason.  And why did I do it?  Was it something subconscious?  Whatever it was, it's freaking me out majorly.  Go and tell the children of the night to make beautiful music somewhere else, will you? I have a headache.
    

07,July,2004


	 
      I've got my driver's license! I'm a licensed driver! Now all I need is a job to pay for insurance and 3 months so I can drive with passengers and I'm set!  This spaghetti would taste a lot better with grated cheese. hey, I was being literal there, but that would be a good template! or maybe not... I'm done!  Go and tell the children of the night to make beautiful music somewhere else, will you? I have a headache.
    

07,July,2004


	 
      Okay, I know, the site is black now. I did it, okay, I am Spartacus.  (The Haikus are mine, though - Jonah)  It's the same thing as before except black. For those of you reading the site feed. It's really quite lovely, you should check it out.  Okay, I know no one is reading the site feed. Okay, this is diluting my message. Not that I actually had one. I just kind of...lost it.  I'll find it in a while.  Go and tell the children of the night to make beautiful music somewhere else, will you? I have a headache.
    

04,July,2004


	 
      So it's 10 am and I just woke up so I'm all like "I'm gonna post on the blog, except that I have nothing really to say but I'll make up for it with my wit and charm or something" Well, I do have a few things.  For instance, everyone should know about  urlLink "Rock, Paper, Saddam"   Also, I would encourage you to all go see Fahrenheit 911.  It's a good movie. I went to a party last night.  The most interesting thing was probably the attempt to cut a watermelon with a bread knife. We ended up cutting a weird, jagged elipse around the melon, and then scooping out the insides with an ice-cream scoop and eating it with spoons. Also, if you haven't seen  urlLink tailsteak.tk  before, the Tournament of Things is just starting. To conclude, for Evelyn, I'm starting a Canadian COuntdown: 3 1/4 Days!  Go and tell the children of the night to make beautiful music somewhere else, will you? I have a headache.
    

04,July,2004


	 
      There. I'm home now. Florida was all right, although I was sick part of the time, which sucked. I don't really want to talk about that. I did get to so some cool stuff at Universal, and swim in the Gulf, and we stopped and saw this really awesome Titanic exhibit. If anyone's ever passing though the Orlando area, I encourage them to go find it. It's called Ship of Dreams, and you get to go inside reproductions of some of the rooms on board, and then you stand outside on the deck, and it's really cold... Their attention to detail is amazing. It was a really moving thing to go through, especially for me, as I was a pretty huge Titanic buff for a while there until I'd learned pretty much everything. After we left I played the soundtrack to Titanic the Musical in the car. That's a good musical. You know. "No moon, no wind/ Nothing to spy things by/ No wave, no swell/ No line where sea meets sky/ Stillness, darkness/ Can't see a thing, says I/ No reflection, not a shadow/ Not a glint of light meets the eye/ And we go sailing, sailing/ Ever westward on the sea/ We go sailing, sailing/ Ever on go we..." This is material perhaps better suited to my lj. I'll talk about it there later.   Marten, sorry I wasn't here for your birthday. Happy birthday! (throws confetti)  Go and tell the children of the night to make beautiful music somewhere else, will you? I have a headache.
    

03,July,2004


	 
      Well, Claire decided that I was beneath her and not worth her considerable time and pre-emptively attacked our plan of potentially dating. I guess it was because Jonah just made a much more comfortable body pillow. Actually, I really don't care, because Claire is the flakiest most non-committal person I know, and I know a lot of flaky non-committal people.  Okay, moving on to happier things: I! HAVE! TiVo! I'm so happy, I'm just TiVoing everything I can. I've got the British House of Commons on there tomorrow night. I've TiVoed  The Daily Show for the last couple of days and it's been great to come home from summer school and watch Jon Stewart and some really funny people do the news.  Okay, I am tired now. This template's gotta go. Ouch! A ferret is beating me about the shins!
    

03,July,2004


	 
      Today is infinite improbability day! When nothing goes as expected.  It started this morning at the Wimbleton Womens finals when 13th seeded  urlLink Maria Sharapova  beat first seeded Serena Williams.  (In related news, I'm dumping Janel Moloney.  Maria's closer to my age anyway.)  Also unusual, Nathan watching an two entire sporting events ( I also watched Roddick vs Ancic).  Tennis is severely underated.   After that I successfully made an egg that wasn't scrambled.  A little while later we played hearts. Jonah and I each shot the moon, and I wasn't even trying to till I was nearly there.  Jonah got incredibly lucky at all points in the game.  After that we heard thnat the general assembly gay and lesbian ordination motion only failed by four votes, which is probably the most amazing thing.  Then we went outside and got caught in a terrible freak rainstorm.  Lots of weird stuff keeps happening.  It'll be worse by the end of the day, mark my words   Ouch! A ferret is beating me about the shins!  
    

01,July,2004


	 
      All Bloggers, Sushi girls, Lawrence Fishburne, Zombie Frank Sinatra and the cast of Rent:  Happy Birthday to you Happy Birthday to you Happy Birthday/ 600th post/ Canada day dear Marten! Happy Birthday to you!  Nathan: Thanks everyone, and welcome to the Marten's Birthday/ Canada day/ 600th post spectacular!  Today we're gonna be-- Lawyers: That song is private private property!  You are so getting sued! Nathan: But we're not making any money of it! Lawyers: Doesn't matter.  It's online, you gotta pay royalties Zombie Frank Sinatra: BRAAAIIIINNNSSSS........... be a lady tonight! Lawyers: Arghhh!!! Nathan: Always said they were to smart for their own good!  Any way, Marten's turning 1 7 , and we're gonna keep the party goin' all night long.  Now I'm gonna turn it over to-- ZFS: Fly me to the BRAAAIINS...... and let me play among the stars! Lawrence Fishburne: There is no brains Jonah: Are.  There are no brains. Michael: You just corrected Lawrence Fishburnes grammar.  Do you have any idea how dorky that looks! Paul: Uh.. Nathan, don't you think you oughta -- hey, where'd he go? Jane: Ashley's gone too! Oh, don't ask! Mimi: Are we gonna do our number, or can we go home? Marten: Oh, go ahead Cast of Rent: FIve hundred twenty five thousand six hundred-- ZFS:BRAAAAIIIIINNSSSSSS Lawrence:I'm gettin' out of here! Cast of Rent: Seasons of Loooooooooooooooooooooovvvvvvvvvveeeee!          ZMS: BBRRRRRRRRRRRRAAAAAAAAAIIIIIIIIIIIIINNNNNNNSSSSSS! Nathan(running in, improvizing in Falsetto) Ma-a-a-a-a-arteeeeen! All: Seasons of Ma-a-a-a-a-arteeeeen!(BBBRRRAAINNNS) [Jazz hands]  Ouch! A ferret is beating me about the shins!
    

01,July,2004


	 
      I'd do a birthday post, but, I don't wanna.  Ouch! A ferret is beating me about the shins!
    

05,August,2004


	 
      Upton Sinclair's  The Jungle  Lithuanians are mistreated tonight In the Jungle, Upton Sinclair's  The Jungle  Lithuanians are mistreated tonight  A weiner wort a weiner wort a weiner wort a weiner wort a weiner wort a weiner wort a weiner wort a weiner wort a weeeeeeeee ooooowwweeeooweeooooweeeeeooowomaway  In the Stockyards, the Chicago Stockyards, The proverbial Lion of the proletariat sleeps tonight One day, it will rise up and kill the capitalist class  (Repaet refrain)  So ends my tribute to Upton Sinclair's masterpiece.  I seriously think it could work as a musical.  The "weiner wort", of course, refers to what they put in the sausages.  It's a great book, but it'll be weeks before I can eat another sausage.  In other news, guess what one of our numbers for the fall choir show is gonna be?  Hint: It was the title of an episode of  Sports Night .  There aren't Arabian ninjas, they just wear the same pants! 
    

30,July,2004



           
      So I hadn't gotten three steps away from the kid when Ellen called. She was real excited about the job she'd done on the folks. I'm willing to bet she was doing her stupid little victory dance while she talked to me. Ellen can be a little unprofessional, but we overlook it because she's good - about as good as they come. I was sure she'd do fine with the girl's parents, but that doesn't mean she'd be happy about it. So I got it out of the way pretty fast. Told her there was a complication; tried to explain, but of course she wouldn't hear it. "And there was no way you could have caught him alone!?! Greg, you moron, she could cause big waves. Suppose she goes and tells her parents, or the cops. Do you know who's gonna have to put out these fires, Greg? I'll give you a hint, it isn't you!" "Actually," I cut in, "I thought you could start on the fire thing now. We need to get to her parents somehow. You got the database handy?" "Yes," she seethed. "Same high school as Ian, first name Scarlett." "There's two." "Check the mugs. Red hair, she has a mole on her cheek." "Got it. I have tickets to a show tonight. If I miss it you're paying." Click. Well I looked at Marcus, and he looked at me and he finally said, in the stupid question of the year, "How'd it go?" "Well how'd you think it went? She's ballistic, but she'll be over it in an hour. We got anybody else on the list?" "Chip's taking care of the other guy, so that just leaves one thing." "Who? Where? I need the data man." And then he stopped walking. He looked at me in a funny way and he said. "Look, Greg, This is weird, but, it's you." "I'm being recruited?" "Yep." "But I'm a recruiter!" "Yep." "WHAT!?!" "C'mon Greg, you fit the profile. Dissatisfied with your job, but out of other options, little to no social life, --" "But I've already done this! It didn't work the first time! If this is your idea of a joke." "Greg, this is right from the top, you  will  be a recruit on this mission," he said gravely, "Here's your time and place. Don't wear the suit." And we just stood there, he and I. I couldn't believe this. Me. Recruited. Geez. 
     

        

26,July,2004



           
      I checked the piece of paper that I clutched in my hand.  Six o'clock, it said, at 1437 Dunhill.  Pretty spiffy, I thought to myself.  Dunhill is the biggest street in town.  Big office towers, huge shopping malls, even some luxury condos.  I figured this orginization had to be something big.   As I neared the address, I stopped the cab and paid the driver.  Not exactly a small thing.  Cabs aren't getting any cheaper.  I sighed and handed over more than half the money in my wallet. When I turned around, purse on my shoulder and small duffel bag in my hand, I saw that I was in front of 1429 Dunhill.  I continued down the street, staring up at the tall buidings that surrounded her.  1431, 1433, 1435... I stopped in front of number 1437 and blinked.  Twice.  Then did a double take. Number 1437 Dunhill was a number on a stick. And not one of those fancy plaques either.  No, it was a piece or wod with the numbers "1,4,3,7" written on in permanent marker. Ok, I thought, now what? After I had finished oggling at the wood on a stick, I realized that behind the sick, there was an alley.  A dark, spooky, wet alley. Great, I thought, I'm going to ruin my shoes. Now, before you say, 'Why is she thinking about her shoes? She's about to go on a wild and exciting adventure!' You must realize that these were very good shoes.  We're talking, a 600 dollar pair of shoes (that I got on sale for $150) that would now be ruined because of a stupid mission. Oh well, what the heck? Toward the middle of the alley, there was a small door, rusty, metal door.  I started towards, it but didn't get more that three steps before I heard a splash behind a dumpster right in front of me.  Immediately, I tensed up.  Being a single girl, I had invested in self defence classes.  I put my bag down on a semi-dry patch of concrete.   No sooner had I turned than someone jumped out at me.  A man dresed in black, ninja-style. How original. I made short work of him.  A swift kick in the groin took care of him.  As he lay on the ground, I wacked him on the back of the head, causing him to lose conciousness. Another guy tried to sneak up on me, but sonn he was lying beside his friend.  The third man was a little more difficult.  He actually knew a little bit about martial arts.  He attacked me from the side, hitting me hard.  As I lay on the ground, the wind knocked out of me, he stood back and did the whole, macho deal.  Unforetunately for him, he forgot I was lying within kicking distance.  Bye bye number three.  I picked up my bag, satisfied that no one else was going to attack me, and headed for the door.  AS I openned the door, I heard someone from inside say, "Very good, Ms Taylor. Please step inside." I stepped into an ankle-deep puddle.   Bye-bye $600 shoes. 
     

        

25,July,2004



           
      Well, heres another one.  Could be different, but I doubt it.  I've been watching this group atleast as long as the recruiters, if not longer.  It's getting easy to figure out who they're going for next; the pattern is the same everytime. The kid with something to prove, the kid with nothing to lose, the occasional unplanned for follower, sometimes more. Funny, it happens often enough one would think it wouldn't cause a problem anymore. Still, they stick to their rules, I stick to mine. Sort of...   
     

        

25,July,2004



           
      My mind is a constant jumble, really, but two major lines of though were lobbying for position as I watched the men disappear into the crowd.  First, I had been given the opportunity to finally make something of myself, and Scarlett had had to go and be nosy and ruin it for me.  That was the part of me that was dreading spending this much time with her, so close, yet so far away.  Being with her was just bad for me.  The other part, the part that was making me stare at her butt as I thought, was saying that maybe this was the opportunity I'd been hoping for, to prove to her that I was a 'real' man.  You know, good for something besides talking to.  I could just see it - I would save her life, she'd fall into my arms - only no.  It probably wasn't even real.   Scarlett said something, interupting my train of thought.   "Huh?" I said, "Sorry, I wasn't really listening,"  "I said that was really weird.  Who do think they were?" she asked.  "I suppose we'll find out tomorrow at 6 pm," I said looking down at the slip of paper. "Can you get there, or do you want me to pick you up?"  Scarlett looked shocked for a moment. "You're not actually think about going, are you?" she asked.  I was a little surprised; I thought she knew me better than that.  "That's what I said."  "Ian, are you insane?" A few people turned to look.  "You don't know who they are!  They could be kidnappers!  Lord knows what kind of ransom your grandpa would pay for you.  I really think this is a bad idea,"   Then why did you agree to it?  I thought.  That's the problem with Scarlett.  Well, one of many problems.  She's impulsive.   She's also paranoid, but only after she's made a mistake.  It makes for an annoying combination.  I remember once in eighth grade we were at an amusement park and she decided to go on this big tube slide, you know, the kind with the big inflatable rafts?  It had been raining on and off all day, so there was barely any line.  Anyway, we were in the raft when she realized she really wasn't dressed for a water ride.  Of course by that time it was too late.  She was cold and wet the rest of the day, and none of us enjoyed the ride because she was complaing the whole time about getting her clothes wet.  That was kind of off topic, but the point is, Scarlett isn't good at planning things out.  She acts on her feelings without thinking first.  I'm very surprised no guys have taken advantage of that.  Anyway, back to what I was saying.  The problem here was that she was right.  I had absolutely no reason to trust these people.  Nothing but a gut feeling.  Was that feeling really worth the risk?  Of course not!  But then if I'd ever put logic before feelings, Scarlett wouldn't even be a part of my life right now.  "No one's making you go," I finally said. "But this is my desicion; and I, for one wanna see what it's all about,"  "I'm going with you then," she answered. "I'm your friend and I'm gonna stick by you in this.  But maybe we can take some sort of safety measure.  Call the police, or get-"  "No!" I interupted her.  For some inexplicable reason, her perfectly reasonable lack of trust in these random people was making me mad.  Looking back it may have been a jealousy thing; you know, like 'how come you can think straight and I can't?'.  All I know is, I snapped.  "Look," I said, "You can go, or you can stay, I don't care.  But don't try anything like that.  It's..." I honestly couldn't think of a reason. "It's just not gonna end well," I finally settled for.  She just looked shocked for a minute, then the impulsiveness kicked in again.  "Ok," she said "I'll see you there,"  Then she turned for the door.    
     

        

20,July,2004



           
      "Let me put it this way, Mr. Wallace."  Ha! I'd been working on that in front of my mirror all morning. I could tell by the looks on their faces that they were sufficiently intimidated by my all-black clothing ensemble, dark sunglasses, and serious expression. I'd been working on them all morning, too. I took a moment to hope that I'd remembered to unplug my hair straightener; the last thing I needed was another small house fire. Then I continued, keeping my voice completely level.   "Let me put it this way for you, Mr. Wallace. Did you ever want to be in the CIA or the FBI when you were a little boy, sir?"  "Yeah, sure."  "Well, you couldn't."  "I couldn't?" He was curious, and slightly offended.  "No."  "Why not?"   "Because this is how we pick them."  Significant pause.  I'd put a lot of weight on the words, because a big impression was vital at this point. What I had just told the Wallaces was a complete lie, but it was a good one. It tended to work on big men with mustaches like Mr. Wallace. Mrs. Wallace didn't look like she'd object to anything much. The FBI and the CIA were bumbling morons and I had nothing to do with them, but the important thing was what I could make the Wallaces believe.  I hated this part.  I'd considered a number of options in speaking to Ian Wallace's parents. Not the least of them was perhaps slipping a note under the door. This way worked, though. They bought it, hook, line, and sinker. They signed the papers; I was out of there.  Before I walked out the front door, I handed them a card. "My name is Ellen Leigh. This is where you can reach me."  My mouth was already twitching as a I said it. The moment the door closed I broke into a wide grin that quickly turned into a delighted laugh. I skipped over to my car, a black Mustang whose name was Sally, and slapped her on the hood.  "Yes! Yes!" They bought it. I sighed and allowed myself a momentary bask in my triumph. It was my first mission as a senior officer. I was pretty much the foremost field agent on the trip. For the first time, I had two suits working under me.  Ooh. That sounded dirty.  I slipped into the car and dialed on my cell phone.  "Greg? It's Ellen. I got 'em, baby. Oh, wait! Sorry. Unprofessional. Um, the parents are on board. Repeat, the parents are on board." As I listened, the grin faded from my face. "What kind of complication?"   
     

        

18,July,2004



           
      So, as I was saying, Marcus and I got to the mall after a couple more conversational dead ends and started looking for this Ian guy.  Marcus showed me the pic. A kid, blonde, 5' 10', acne troubles.  "Little young, isn't he?" I asked Marcus.  He just shrugged.  That Marcus.  So after some walking we got lucky.  I caught a girl's voice saying "Ian." Followed the noise with my eyes and I saw him.  Also saw her, and she was quite a looker.  Brilliant red hair.  "Look at that, he's got a girl.  Candidates are necessarily single, aren't they?," asked Marcus.  "Look how he's trying not to look at her, not to talk to her.  They're not together.  My guess is she's an ex, and he still loves her, and she's got no idea."  "You got all that out of -"  "Oh c'mon. Let's help him out of a tough spot."  See, Marcus thinks I'm an idiot because I talk too much.  I'm smart, though, I notice things.  My favorite job is picking out the recruitees in the first place.  These recruiting rounds are just depressing.  I motioned to Marcus to start it off.  "Ian Wallace?" he asked.  "Yeah," the kid said, startled, "That's me."  "We'd like to talk to you alone for a few minutes."  He started to say sure, but the girl cut in.  "Don't go with them, Ian.  You don't know who these people are.  Whatever it is they can tell us."  "No, ma'am," I said, "We can't.  Ian has been handpicked for a special mission.  If we allow you to hear anything, you'd have to accompany him."  "Ok," she said.  She just wanted to win.  She didn't know what she was agreeing to.  "It might mean giving up your whole life as you know it, for an indeterminate amount of time."  I remember when I first started, I said "For God knows how long." Boy did I get chewed out for that.  "If Ian here'll do it, I'll do it," she said firmly.  "I'll, um, meet you guys by the Frullati," said the other boy.  Well, Marcus was looking at me questioningly, cause I've got seniority and this was my call.  I knew that if my hunch was right, recruiting her wouldn't make his life any better, but then that's not our job.  Well, it sort of is, but anyway I decided it was my best bet to not try and argue with her, or else I might come off as the bad guy.  "Ian," I asked, "What do you want to do with your life, what's your asperation?"  "I want to be a sculptor.  Of junk," he said uneasily.  "You think there's money in that?" I asked, evenly, emotionlessly.  "Not really. I mean, maybe, if I'm good."  "Are you?" asked Marcus.  The girl again, "He's wonderful!"  "They fall apart," he contradicted, "Even when I hot glue them, they fall apart.  The masters weld, but that's no good for the plastics and cardboard.  I- I see a whole new art form, but unless I can bond it better, no one would buy it."  "We'd like to offer you the opportunity to participate in a mission to protect your country, world, and way of life.  The risk to your life is minimal, but you will be gone for some time.  The position is unpaid."  "Then why would anyone do this?" asked the girl, crossing her arms.  "Ian knows," I replied, "And it's up to him."  The kid had a thoughtful look on his face. We watched and waited for a few seconds.  "C'mon, Ian," she said finally, "Let's go meet Jason."  "No," he said quietly, then louder, "I'll go."  "Here are the time and place of your meeting. Show them to no one, pack only what you need.  We've already sent someone to explain the situation to your parents; no one else needs to know."  "I'll be there," he said, uneasily, but happily.  "So will I," said the girl, glaring at me.  They ran off.  When Ellen got back from talking to Mr. and Mrs. Wallace, I was gonna have to send her to this girl's folks.  I'd also have to explain to her why I'd recruited a non-candidate.  I was in some deep... trouble.    
     

        

18,July,2004



           
      As soon as I said the words "Why not?" the smaller recruitment officer's face twitched a bit.  Part of my brain recognized that he was suppressing laughter.  At my expense.  But the rest of my brain overided this thought almost immediately, so I didn't dwell on it.  I learned long ago that what my brain overrides, I don't want to know anyway.  So I moved on.  The smaller man got a hold of himself and handed me a bunch of papers.  "This is the time and place of our next meeting.  Be there with only the things that are necessary."  Then they walked out of the Starbucks and drove away in a black jaguar.  Nice car.   I finished my chai tea and walked out onto the street.  Suddenly the world looked different to me.  I had a purpose now.  No more boring Gillian, who brings Jim his coffee every morning.  I'm a new woman, I told myself,  I should act like one.  I straightened up, and walked purposefully down the street.  I got about five steps before my heel hit a pothole, causing me to fall on my face in a not-so-graceful way.  Relax, I told myself, More Queen Elizabeth, less Sandra Bullock in Miss Congeniality.  As I set off again, I wondered about what this mission was about.  Was it a secret government conspiracy? A mad scientist testing out time travel? Or did the Matrix truly exist? I hope it's the third one, I thought, I want a long black leather coat.  Plus working with Keanu Reeves wouldn't be too bad either.  Well, I said to myself, let's see how deep this rabbit hole goes.    
     

        

18,July,2004



           
      Ok.  The beginning.  I guess it all started when I let Jason convince me to go to the mall.   Now let me just say so you'll know - I hate malls.  I like hardware stores.  Not malls.  Gaggles of giggly girls everywhere, standing around talking about the clothes they just bought, looking pretty and not looking at me.  I know there are all kinds of stores, but I prefer to go to those outside the mall, the ones that don't leave me feeling lonely and depressed.  Not that I really care what these girls think.  I don't.  But every so often I see one with red hair, and she'll remind me of Scarlett.  And I couldn't have that.  Not when I was so close to getting my life together.  Sorry, I'm getting off track.  Anyway, Jason wanted me to come with him to an electronics store in the mall to look at some gadget he wanted.  Since I'm the "rich" one, he figures I can afford to get him one for his birthday.  Truth be told, I probably could.  My grandpa owns ... most of the city.  My Dad won't accept any money from him, so I take it myself behind his back.  I want for nothing, dad still feels like he's being defiant, and no ones the wiser.  Sorry, off track again.  Anyway, I walk in the door and who should I see but, yup, you guessed it, Scarlett.  I didn't feel like plunging into another six months of depression, so I decided to avoid eye contact and walk briskly past.  Well, Jason ruined that plan.   "Hey Scarlett!" he says.  She turns to look at us.  Scarlett is named for her hair.  Beautiful, flaming red hair.  Down to her butt.  Gets me every time.  She stares at me and its like I can't move.  I can't do anything but look at her.   "Hey Jason!" she starts.  Then she sees me.  "Ian?" she says.  She runs up and hugs me.  It's too late now.  Another month of therapy down the drain.  "I've been trying to get in touch with you all summer!  Did you change your phone number or something?  And your e-mail?  And I don't think I had your IM right.  It's junkmaster06, isn't it?"  "Yeah" I say.  Now what?  I can't tell her I've been avoiding her.  I can't lie with Jason right there.  I closed my eyes and prayed for some sort of distraction.  Well, I guess someone up there likes me cause that's exactly when the men in black showed up.    
     

        

18,July,2004



           
      "Sure," the woman asked, "Why Not?"  Why Not! Why not indeed.  It was all I could do not to laugh.  Well, that's a lie.  I'm virtually incapable of laughter or expressing any emotion when I'm wearing the suit.  Years as a recruitment officer does that to you.  If any of them could see me at home, with Fluffy, they'd never believe it was me.  Anyway, we gave her the papers, the time and place, and got back in the car (black of course).  "Where to next?" I asked my partner, Steve or Sven or Marcus or whoever was with me that day. (One of the guys for sure, but on the job we all act alike.)  "Guy named Ian Wallace, should be at the mall."  "Great.  Maybe we'll have time to go shopping."  He didn't answer.  I think it was Marcus.  Guy has no sense of humor.  I mean, none of us are supposed to, but I've never even seen Marcus laugh off duty.  We drove on silently for a while, but I hate long conversationless pauses.  This never was my dream job.  I'm not cutout for this work.  But then, none of us are.  The Recruiters are the leftovers.  The people who really did have nothing to lose.  Most people; finish their mission, have some epiphany and they know what they want to do with their life.  We're the ones who finished our mission and still couldn't find anything else.  Except Marcus.  I really think Marcus likes it.  Anyhow, I said to Marcus, to break the silence,  "What's with all the black anyway? Why do we have to look like we just walked out of the Matrix to be recruiters?"  "You know why," he replied boredly, "We can't standout in any way.  The recruitee's decision must be based on their own desperate situation, not on impressions of us. We must-"  "Be totally emotionaless, personalitiless, and uninteresting," I finished for him, "I know the creed, but I still think we could be uninteresting in something more comfortable."  He didn't answer again.  It was definitely Marcus.  What a piece of work.  
     

        

18,July,2004



           
      I should have said no.  It would have been so easy just to open my mouth and say loudly and clearly; "NO! I don't want to! It's too dangerous! I don't want any part of this!"  But of course, being me, I didn't.  I said; "Sure, why not?  What have I got to lose?"  Well for one thing, I had the three packets of raspberry jam, sitting in my pocket.  They were there because they reminded me of my mother.  She  always used to tell me, "Don't go anywhere without a packet of jam.  You never know when you'll need one."   I realize now that I was only the OCD talking.  But still, I like to keep a part of her near me all the time.  Which is why I always carry around jam.  It is the only thing in my life that I've got to lose.  The rest of my life sucks.   I've got the worst job on the face of the planet.  I'm a secretary to the most disorganized man on the planet.  That's not what it says on my business card, but that is essentially what my job is.  Don't get me wrong; Jim can be a great guy... if you're tall, blond, and beautiful.  I would love to tell you that I'm all of these things, but the truth is, I'm none.  Which is probably why I have no love life.  My last date was four years ago.  I should ask my friends if they would set me up on a blind date, I'm that desperate, but I'd have to find some friends first.  All of these factors combined to bring me to the decision that I had nothing to lose.  Which is why, yesterday, when the recruitment officers came up to me on the street, and asked me to come with them, I didn't really care what happened to me.  They were, big, like six feet tall, and they were wearing black suits.  They told me, "You have been selected for a dangerous mission.  You may risk your life at some point during the mission.  Will you accept to undergo this mission?"  "Wait a minute," I said, "Why did you pick me? What redeeming qualities do I have?"  "That is not important at this time," the bigger recruitment officer said, "just answer the question, yes or no."  I contemplated my options.  If I said no, I would go back to my normal, boring, friendless, boyfriendless, mind numbingly boring  life.  If I said yes, my life would change and possibly be, dare I say it, exciting. Unwillingly, my mind jumped to  The Matrix  and suddenly I was 8-year-old Gillian, eager to go on adventures in made-up places, never thinking about the costs.   "Sure, why not?" I said out loud, "What have I got to lose?"     
     

        

18,July,2004



           
      What's on my glasses?  Is that Jam?  How did it get there?  I don't eat jam.  Man, this is weird.  Jam on my glasses........... hmm...Maybe it got there when I was running from the Rhino.  Or was it earlier, on the Motorcycle ride over?  But then why wouldn't I have noticed it before?  Could I have gotten it in the future?  Do I even say that, or should it be "will I get it in the future?".  Time travel is so confusing.  It doesn't matter.  I knew I shouldn't have trusted those recruitment officers.  Oh, I'm sorry.  You must be horribly confused.  Perhaps I should just start at the beginning........ 
     

        

03,August,2004



           
      Where did they get this Gillian? Certainly was full of herself, thinking she could take out a bunch of ninja's with a swift kick in the balls. These guy's were experienced. They've had deadlier things aimed at their genitals than discount shoes; they knew to wear protection. Still, couldn't let her fall before she even gets the details of her mission. Several feet of string put to good use took care of the ninjas and kept me out of sight. Gillian's feeling all the better for herself, and I Can relax in my hiding place until whatsisname comes along with whatserface. Ah, Ian, here he comes now. Wait, Greg? Greg out of uniform? What is this? Then who is.... Ellen. I haven't seen Ellen since... What is she doing here? Both of my old... Have They   figured out my game? No, they're trying to catch me off guard. Well, I suppose they have, but I'll not fall for this. I just have to stay hidden longer than expected for this one. I suppose this will be different. Perhaps I've rewritten their rules. Hopefully they won't do the same to mine.  
     

        

02,August,2004



           
      I was not happy about Scarlett. And I was not happy with Greg for introducing Scarlett into the equation. But, for better or for worse-- for, as the agency would say "an indeterminate amount of time"-- Scarlett was going to be in my life. I was not particularly happy with my life at that moment, either. It's not all that often that we recruit someone as young as Ian Wallace or this Scarlett, but when we do, the parents have to be dealt with. Because I'm good with people-- charismatic enough that I usually get my way-- I am frequently chosen for this particular task. I hate it. I hate dealing with the parents. I hate lying to them. I hate lying to my parents, too. Or rather, lying to my dad, since I haven't seen my mom since I was thirteen. But it's a part of the job, and I love the job. All but that one part. Dad thinks I sell scarves internationally. Anyway, it took me about two hours to come up with a story to tell Scarlett's folks and steal the proper documentation from headquarters so that I wouldn't get chewed out. An exciting travel-study opportunity. Her friend Ian was going, too. Yay. I'll be honest, I do have a hard time keeping a straight face during the lying. I always have to practice beforehand on the serious-recruiter voice and the serious-recruiter face. The whole situation strikes me as funny because it's so very  Men In Black , or something of the sort. If any of those parents ever saw me out of serious-recruiter mode, they probably wouldn't even recognize me. So I want to laugh, but afterwards I always feel bad. After getting Scarlett's parents to sign on, which wasn't all that easy might I add, I had to make Mustang Sally speed to get to the play I had tickets for on time. I toyed with the idea of telling Greg I'd missed it and making him pay, anyway. Instead I decided to simply let him sit on the edge of his seat all night waiting for word on Scarlett. When I left the play there were already five messages on my cell phone. It was fun. The last thing I did that night before going to bed was check out my list of recruits, and that was when I noticed the last-minute addition. The next evening I was still so distracted by wondering what the agency had in mind with this that I was several blocks away from home before I realized I'd forgotten to unplug my hair straightener. Greg and I arrived at the end of Dunhill Street at the same time. At first I almost didn't recognize him. He wasn't dressed like a recruiter. He was dressed like a...  guy . A  normal  guy. It was slightly disconcerting. I guess I must have been staring, because he looked at me like a normal guy who's just realized you're staring at him. "Ellen." "Greg." Now he looked at me like a normal guy who is irritated because you're smiling in a slightly amused way and he's embarrassed. "I've been recruited," he said in an emotionless voice. "Again." "I  saw . And I just laughed and laughed and laughed." He was not entertained by my teasing. "Did you have anything to do with this?" "What? Why would I want you recruited?" "I don't know! To get even with me for the Scarlett thing. Or because you thought it'd be funny. Or something." "No, Greg, I swear, I had nothing to do with it. I'm not that high up. I'm just as surprised as you are, believe me." I paused. "Although it  is  kind of funny." We started to walk down the street to the alley. "Hey. Aren't you leading this mission?" he asked. "Yes," I replied. "First time. First mission since being recruited. And then being made a recruiter." I thought he might want to talk about our first mission, and how long ago it seemed, and how it was his second mission too, and the irony of me being promoted and him being recruited again. But he was going a different direction. "And aren't the leaders supposed to arrive at the rendezvous early?" "Ye-es..." "So how come you're just getting here?" "I was... I encountered... technical difficulties. Concerning the mission." "And the real reason is...?" "My bathroom was on fire." "Again?" "Gee, Greg, I just hope Fluffy isn't too lonely while you're gone." He stopped and turned to me. "How do you know about..." "Data, Greg. We know everything," I answered in my very best recruiter voice. I could see him turning red. It was then that we reached the alley leading to 1437 Dunhill, and stopped. It was quiet. Too quiet. This probably had something to do with the ninjas being unconscious on the ground. "Oh, crap," I muttered. "Gillian's already here."
     

        



	 
      I love Orange-Flavored Chicken. I am officially going to marry Panda Express. Or at least buy stock in them. I saw Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, which was weird for the sake of being weird. But good. It was nice. That was a joke you would find funnier if you saw the movie. Only one Caveat emptor: the movie, despite the presence of Jim Carrey isn't terribly funny. It's funny at times. Just don't go in expecting massive hilarity, because there's not much there. However do go in with the idea that somewhere around the 1:30 mark, you're going to see Kirsten Dunst in her panties. So it's still totally worth nine bucks.  Also I added a Site Meter. How many times can six people visit the same site? ' I'm gonna find out if it kills me, dammit! The sky is pink and it's raining turkeys; what more do you need?!
    


	 
      Damned hypothetical questions! I've got nothing at this point.  If you...  1. ...owned a restaurant, what kind of food would you serve? Sophia:  probably something super-random...like tacos and ice cream!  [Actually, there's a place that sells tacos and ice cream at 86th & the Monon Trail in Nora. True Story --Michael]  Michael:  It'd be Mediterranian cusine -- Tapas, Hummus, Pizza, Gyros and...whatever they eat in Croatia  Jonah: Bagel sandwiches.  It'd be like Subway meets Einstien Bros. Marten: I'd open a bar. Maybe a cafe. Nathan: Fondu! 2. ...owned a small store, what kind of merchandise would you sell? Sophia:  Books.  My personal favorites.  :D Michael:  Records, like in High Fidelity. Jonah:  Stuff like they sell at Spencer Gifts, only slightly more clean. Marten:Odd but useful inventions, like toilet seat warmers and icecream scoop heaters. Nathan: I'd specialize in out of print or discontinued merchandise, for a horribly inflated price. 3. ...wrote a book, what genre would it be? Sophia:  Probably a criminal psychology book...about the reason people kill or something. Michael:  Sex Education...for virginal adults! Jonah:   Whatever the toaster story is or else speculative fiction. Marten: Satire and odd fantasy Nathan: Sci-Fi, disguised as reference 4. ...ran a school, what would you teach? Sophia:  Psychology. Michael:  Martial Arts and Bagpipe Lessons Jonah:  Free thinking - Kinda like Dead Poet Society Marten: I'd help Jonah Nathan: World Domination. Then when one of my pupils succeeded I'd be in his favor.  Or he'd kill me so I could teach no one else.  It's all good.  5. ...recorded an album, what kind of music would be on it? Sophia:  Yeah, like I know that.  Probably some stuff from musicals or something. Michael:  Really Bad Music. Jonah:  Some musical stuff, some classic rock, some Christian Rock, some instrumental jazz and a few original compositions. Marten: Jonah, you keep stealing mine! I'll add video game music to that list Nathan: Something totally new.  Something that cannot be defined by an existing style, but would start a movement and revolutionize music. The sky is pink and it's raining turkeys; what more do you need?!
    


	 
      Yeah, from what I hear we're definitely not doing a musical. I'm sad about that, but what can ya do? At least Haley Jensen won't be getting the lead in it. Irrelevent spoiler of the day: Not only is Padme pregnant, she's pregnant with TWINS! Next time: Who's the father? Is it Obi-Wan? Anakin? Bail Organa? Captain Typho? Mace Windu? Yoda? C-3PO? The coffee guy? George Lucas?   The sky is pink and it's raining turkeys; what more do you need?!
    


	 
      Jonah: You are a nice person! In any event you got your ass kicked by Marten shortly afterwards. Also the whole Claire (who I actually liked) vs. Jonah thing was kind of my idea. So some if not most of the blame lies with me. Also, I heard that we might do a musical revue instead. Which sounds bad, but then again so did the musical in drag. Also you (and Nathan) will be greatly missed at LotRJournalCon.   The sky is pink and it's raining turkeys; what more do you need?!
    


	 
      I am a horrible person. Those of you who were at my party may recall an incident between my friend Claire and I that ended with a slight injury to her shoulder.  Well, today she's in a sling.  I have no idea how it happened, I didn't push her that hard, but anyway, now I feel awful.  To make matters worse, John Murray came up to me yesterday at the Jazz Band concert and said, "So, I hear you beat up Claire.  Good Job."  So now everyone at school thinks I just beat up girls or something.  Of course, I haven't actually seen Claire, so this could be an elaborate scheme to get back at me by making me feel bad.  I'll know in about 40 minutes. (I'm in Journalism now, I'll see her at lunch)  Either way, I'm going full Pacifist.  No more fighting for Jonah.  EDIT:  Yep, she's in a sling.  Also, it's her birthday today.  Can you believe that? Ugh.  On the plus side, she's not actually mad at me.   In other news, the Jazz Band concert was awesome.  I wasn't planning to go, but Swathi and I decided just to stay after musical practice, go out to eat, and then go to the concert - which turned out to have not only jazz, but also dancing and food.  Of course, I couldn't get Swathi to dance until the last song, but it was fun still.  I also had another interesting conversation with a Ms. Oed whom some of you know.  I met her at a party awhile back, but I thought she was one of those nice people I'd never see again.  Given our mutual involvement in Band an Drama and our tendency to attend the performances of each other's schools, I think I'll see her again.  She also shared an interesting tidbit with me:  The rumor is LC will not have a musical this year.  Can you guys confirm or deny?  Match ups.  I have to say the deaf.  Sight is simply more important to basketball than sound.  Even if the blind can yell their plays to each other, it's still the blind leading the blind.  Next match-up: A watermelon versus a slightly larger watermelon, in a pole-vaulting competition.  Marten - Kaylee wants someone's dad's shoes back and soon!      It's raining turkeys; what more do you need?!?
    


	 
      I'm stealing half of Marten's title scheme. Blog Quotes are now mine.    It's raining turkeys; what more do you need?!
    


	 
      Im so in! unless, of course, my dad steals me and puts me in a tent.  I'm hoping not, since I want to get my drivers license, too. Today was great and horrible at the same time and I'll tell you why at the lobby.  It's raining turkeys; what more do you need?!
    


	 
      It all began with a game. The best game ever. The "Oh, Snap!" Game. This game is simple and can be played by anyone. You do a movie line, then insert the phrase. Here's an example. ANAKIN: You are in my very soul, tormenting me. PADME: Oh, snap. That wasn't the best example, but it was the first one that came to mind. So, anyway, Michael and I were just playing that game with LOTR. Then we started randomly parodying it, which turned out to be something that sounded a lot like  urlLink The Shifty Troublemaker , i.e. hilarious. (You all would know that if you'd READ IT, but I digress.)  So, what we want to do is a compendium LOTR MST-ish spoof. The plan is for everybody who'll be in Indy on March 30 to go to Michael's house and watch Fellowship and provide commentary. Those who won't be there will catch up later. If you're unsure about this, well... Frodo: I cannot do this alone. Sam'd go (Dance Move) I'd go (Dance Move) We'd go (Dance move). But I simply cannot do it A-LONE!  [That was totally my quote. --Michael]  Galadriel: You are a Ring-bearer, Frodo. To bear a Ring of Power is to be alone. I have to go, I'm being yelled at. Pointless EP III spoiler of the day: Padme's pregnant! Betcha didn't see that coming!   It's raining turkeys; what more do you need?!
    


	 
      I just read a year and a half of Triangle and Robert comics. Because of this, I am going to kill Marten next time I see him. Let this serve as a warning to those who try to get me to do new things. (Those who aren't reading webcomics, sometimes they're funny, but a lot of the time they aren't. Just a warning.)  My teeth still hurt and nobody has posted in three days. I'm just sayin'...  It's raining turkeys; what more do you need?!
    


	 
      Props to Thomas for the idea for my new Template rule.  The following is all caps. Please be prepared... JONAH: NO ITALICIZING THE TEMPLATE, IT COULD MALFUNCTION AND ITALICIZE EVERY SINGLE POST ON THE BLOG, DUE TO AN ERROR IN HTML CODE.  NO ITALICIZATION UNLESS IT'S ABSOLUTELY NECESSARY.  We now return you to your regular case broadcasting.  Jonah: Also, I didn't get an e-mail. Don't you like me? Also Also*, James Band?   Also the Statute of Limitations** starts today, the new template (courtesy of Thomas) can be entered 21 March 2004. Also new additional good sense Template Rule: The person who entered the template identifies themselves in a post, so that no one can hog the template for two weeks in a row. Thomas has it this week, we'll randomly choose next week.   * Yes I meant to double the Alsos. ** Sports Night Reference! It's raining turkeys; what more do you need?!
    


	 
      It's raining turkeys; what more do you need?!
    


	 
      I'm never planning a big party again.  This is going to be a disaster and it'll be all my fault.  Why did the two most disorganized people on the planet have to try to do this?  If you don't know what I'm talking about check your e-mail for your last minute invitation.  Anyway the match-up today, meaning no disrespect to either of the organizations, is a Basketball game between the Indiana School for the Deaf and the Indiana School for the Blind teams.  Results of last match up: James band cleverly used the hat to convince the toothpick that he was a time traveller on his way to erase the toothpick from history.  The toothpick, racing to stop him, tried to slingshot around the sun and got pulled in and incinerated.  Meanwhile the hair, seeing the vest, gave up on life entirely and exploded.  Bond thus saved the world once again.  I went on the Monon trail today with Marten and Michael (and Sam, who deserves massive props for putting up with us).  It was fun, but now I have to write the story. Ugh. BTW Marten, I still say we put the tagline in italics.   This car belongs to the evil Dr. Stegman, who parks in spots that don't belong to him and finds Andrew McCarthy to be petulant and oddly short. 
    


	 
      It's raining turkeys; what more do you need?!
    


	 
      Okay, I'm going to suggest official rules to template changes, and other things.  Anyone can change the following things: Template(little thing at the bottom of each post), Description, and the Copyright thing on the side. It doesn't have to stay a copyright Details: Any of the above things may only be changed if the current setting has been there for a week(seven [7] days or more) or after fifteen (15) or more posts, no more than three per person.  Exceptions made for blog member birthdays and other special occasions.  sound good? oh, and maybe another unofficial rule, could we keep the templates to 1 or 2 lines in length? they get annoying to read when they're too long. This car belongs to the evil Dr. Stegman, who parks in spots that don't belong to him and finds Andrew McCarthy to be petulant and oddly short.
    


	 
      Here's the quote that should be in Jonah's Monon Trail article but isn't: "The Monon Trail is for health nuts and people who like boring things." Youth Group was like I predicted, like having hot pokers shoved down my throat. Hot pokers of fun! It was actually fun, because of the pizza and the Comstockery and the fact that everyone there pretty much has ADD and Patty reminds me of every Elementary school teacher I've ever had, trying desperately (and failing to keep me on task.)  Also the "Meryl Streep is the Meryl Streep of Acting!" article came from  urlLink here . There's Chicago stuff for Erin there as well, which brings me to my second point. I am spoiler free for Episode Three, which is to say that I really don't give a crap one way or another, but I am a "Spoiler-Whore for Episode IV!" (It's funny because it already happened.)   Thomas:  Come to the Scene Shop! And Do the Friday Five!  This car belongs to the evil Dr. Stegman, who parks in spots that don't belong to him and finds Andrew McCarthy to be petulant and oddly short.
    


	 
      It just occurred to me that at this point I probably ought to say that you "Spoiler-Free Till Episode III" people are big losers, and I am going to torture you to your breaking point. The second web documentary is up and I have the entire plot outline. One year and two months to go. Mwa-ha-ha-ha-ha.  This car belongs to the evil Dr. Stegman, who parks in spots that don't belong to him and finds Andrew McCarthy to be petulant and oddly short.
    


	 
      Well, I'm back from Hanover. I left for their sholarship competition stuff on Friday at about 12:30 and got home at about 4:30 yesterday. Then I went to church until 6:30 and my cousin's birthday party until 10:00. But now I'm home. I missed home. Overall, the competition went pretty well, although I'm not expecting to get more scholarship money out of it. But I stayed in a dorm with some really nice girls and, overall, it was a good experience. I hope I never have to do it again. I'll go and answer the Friday Five now, even though it's Sunday.  This car belongs to the evil Dr. Stegman, who parks in spots that don't belong to him and finds Andrew McCarthy to be petulant and oddly short.
    


	 
      That's a response.  You still lose for not switching to LC when you had the chance.  I can swing dance! I don't suck at it, either. really. I went swing dancing with Kaylee last night, it was fun. more on this at the lobby, probably not till tuesday though.   Am I sexy yet?
    


	 
      On the contrary, my silence is simply because I don't consider you're inane comments worth the time it would take me to write a response.  Anyway, he seems like he'd be the guy who scores drugs for everyone, except there are never any drugs in musicals. He says he can get a "samurai sword" and some "grass skirts." Huh? What the hell are people into on this island? 
    


	 
      Friday Five Time!   1. What was the last song you heard?  Michael: Angel by Massive Attack Nathan: The Grand Illusion by Styx Jonah: Crucifixus by Lotti, performed by the St. Olaf Choir Marten:Confrontation from Jekyl and Hyde  Erin: The Cellblock Tango from Chicago Thomas: The World Was Dancing from Songs From a New World Sophia: I Got Lost in his Arms from Annie Get Your Gun  2. What were the last two movies you saw?  Michael: Lost In Translation and Mystic River. Nathan: Oceans 11 and Sarafina! Jonah: Oceans 11 and part of Field of Dreams Marten:Lost in Translation and Dirty Dancing Erin: Chicago and Cold Mountain, I think Thomas: Ferris Bueller's Day off and Starsky and Hutch (Great Movie) Sophia: oh dear.  Um...Part of Sister Act II, and I have no idea.  Whoops.  3. What were the last three things you purchased?  Michael: A Print Cartridge, and some other stuff I can't remember. Nathan: A Used copy of Pokemon Gold, Pizza, A Cherry coke Jonah: A pack of fruit snacks, another pack of fruit snacks and a pack of cookies. Marten: Cookies. anything before that happened to long ago, I rarely have money Erin: I can't even remember. I think... a bag of M&M's and two bottles of water. Thomas: A movie ticket and Dinner at the hockey game for Blues Band Sophia:  A ticket to Mr. LC, two skirts  4. What four things do you need to do this weekend?  Michael: Make Sure I taped Joan of Arcadia, wake up before 1 PM, See when Jonah and I are meeting on Sunday and where, and finish my Health Journal Nathan: Choir competition, church, IYC cabaret auditions, youth group Jonah: Figure out what's going on with Michael, do it, figure out what I'm doing with the Monon thing, do it and write it. Marten: Work on my comic story board, go to the monon with jonah and co., Youth group, and remember what Im forgetting to do, then do it Erin: (pretending like it's Friday) Merit Scholarship interview, Merit Scholarship essay, theatre scholarship audition, psych project, psych notes Thomas: Went to Starsky and Hutch, played at an Indianapolis Ice Game (Blues Band), played at Central Sound Classic (Backup Band), and went to Youth Group. Sophia: I'm a little late.  Shoot.  Um, start my research paper, go to choir, see variety pops, hang out at Allene's?  5. Who are the last five people you talked to?  Michael: Mom, Tim, Dad, Paul, Matt. Nathan: Mom, Dad, Jonah, Tim, Charissa Jonah: Dad, Mom, Nathan, Charissa, Tim Marten: Mom, Dad, Lara, Sophia, Kaylee Erin: Mom, Dad, Adam, Kristen Thomas: Marten, Nathan, Jonah, Mom, and Dad. Sophia:  Mom, Anne, Kiel, David, Kent  Anyway, he seems like he'd be the guy who scores drugs for everyone, except there are never any drugs in musicals. He says he can get a "samurai sword" and some "grass skirts." Huh? What the hell are people into on this island? 
    


	 
      I really dont like the phrase "How are you?" All the possible answers are boring and grammatically incorrect.  How am I what? It's just a stupid question.  Speaking of how I am, or rather waht i did, I spent my half day at the mall with Kaylee.  more on this at the lobby.  Props to Michael for burning the soundtrack to Lost in Translation for me. Awsome set of tunes. (  Sophia: Thanks, I owe it all to chlorine and spin-drying my hair.   Michael: you're right.  It would be odd. To begin with, anyway. I'm trying to imagine you in the same room with Patty and Jen   Nate: I consider your silence a personal victory.    Huh? What the hell are people into on this island? 
    


	 
      I'm having troubles with my church. Yes I know, but it's really starting to bug me. I used to help out with two/three year olds on Wednesday Nights while their parents were at Bible Study. This worked out since my parents came to help with my brothers youth group and I had tried my youth group and found it to be...well bad. It was bad. It was really really bad. It was just...bad. So I helped out and for about a year, I did that and I had fun doing it. I got to play with babies for an hour and a half, sometimes we'd go to the big playground, othertimes not. Then last November, the lady who ran the problem told me that the new senior minister (who I pretty much instantly disliked) had decided that 8:00 was too late for two/three years old, and promptly shut down the program, leaving me with two options: Bible Study (which would be awkward) or Youth Group (which would be like having hot pokers shoved down my throat). I've been going to the Bible Study for the last few weeks (which was good because unlike another program, they provide snacks and drinks, which is a good way to win my heart. And it worked. The only problem is that it's boring. It's crashingly boring. It's Sinclair-on-an-educational-tangent boring. And youth group is...loud. It's very loud. I worked in the library (that's where we started two years ago) and could feel the vibrations of loud Christian Rock music through the floor. And I am not a Christian Rock person by any stretch of the imagination.  So I'm staying home tonight, and I'm trying to get out of going next week, because it's really awkward and boring, so my parents have come up with a solution (which I think is a really, really bad idea)   Go to the Comstock's youth group.   I'm not kidding. That is their solution. It's not that I have a problem with the Comstocks or Marten or their church, It would be awkward for me, awkward for the Comstocks and Awkward for pretty much everyone involved, Not to mention the fact that I'm not a youth group person. I'm a leave-me-alone-and-I-promise-to-tithe-for-as-long-as-I-Live person. I don't want fellowship! I want people to leave me alone! I want to go to church on Sunday Morning, sit through service, get up go home (in a perfect world, we'd stop for Panda Express on the way home. It's finger Ling-Ling Good!) I don't want to have to constantly go to church after the new minster just ripped the rug right out from under me. And then had the gall to say that in order to work child care on Sundays you have to stay for two services, one to help and one to be "Spiritually Fed". So I'm mad at stuff, and planning on ranting at my parents in Latin if I have to go next week.   Anyway, he seems like he'd be the guy who scores drugs for everyone, except there are never any drugs in musicals. He says he can get a "samurai sword" and some "grass skirts." Huh? What the hell are people into on this island? 
    


	 
      Goodness.  I think I might have died.  Either that or my computer did; it's been superbly slow lately and I've just taken to ignoring the fact that I hadn't read nearly anything on here in several weeks.  I'm going to try very hard to make this entry long enough to satisfy all of you critics and also to avoid the phrase "lol" to get on the good side of Michael.  Happiness.   Anyways, I finally put my answers for the 5 question-thing.  Probably not the best, but whatever.   Guess what I'm listening to!   Phantom of the Opera .  Yay!  I really really really love opera and musicals and all that jazz.  Woo, I love that movie, too.   Chicago , I mean.  That's a great movie and has a fantastic soundtrack.  I just wish I could sing like that.   And, Erin, your underwear-thing-story was fantastic.  I super-loved it because it sounds like so much fun.  I wish my family were like that.  Haha, grandma underwear.   Goodness gracious, how am I supposed to have anything worthwhile to say?  I really...uh...don't like Mr. Phillipy?  How's that?  And, Marten, your hair looked pretty today.  Hehe, nice and wavy.  Anyway, he seems like he'd be the guy who scores drugs for everyone, except there are never any drugs in musicals. He says he can get a "samurai sword" and some "grass skirts." Huh? What the hell are people into on this island?  (There are drugs in musicals, though.  The musical, Hair, has a lot of marijuana in it, if I remember correctly.) 
    


	 
      I added a new template. It's a little bit long but kind of works in an odd way. It's from Wendola's South Pacific (TV Movie) recap. Sorry for excessive posting, I just discovered this now and not at 6:54:26 PM when "You know something there, General Cho? If you had a story, you'd write it. If you don't have one, shut up." went up.  Anyway, he seems like he'd be the guy who scores drugs for everyone, except there are never any drugs in musicals. He says he can get a "samurai sword" and some "grass skirts." Huh? What the hell are people into on this island? 
    


	 
      Props to Marten for administering a well-written and well-acted smackdown. I updated What Kind of Day Has It Been. Read "Process Stories" there.  I just saw a very good epsiode of Scrubs. Michael J. Fox guest starred as a doctor with obssessive compulsive disorder, who was unable to use any toilet but the one in his own house, however he conquered this fear and used the roof toilet. The message: We all need to poop on the roof.  That was completely random and probably won't make sense unless you either watched the show, or saw this particular episode.  I added this so Nothing ruins an evening at the movies like being struck down by the wrath of God.
    


	 
      Nate, you have no right to complain about LN's Drama program, no matter how much it sucks.  You had the opportunity to switch to LC.  "You make every show by virtue of being male" I recall that thats why you stayed with it, simply because you can get a part sans actual acting ability.  No insult to yours, but you really don't improve it by such low standards, so shut your trap about how your program sucks.  Ooh, looks like you just got served.  Nothing ruins an evening at the movies like being struck down by the wrath of God.
    


	 
      Huh. Fitting Title, eh,  Jonah ?  I am really tired right now. However I am happy that everyone (except Marten, who  (just did)  is busy and Sophia, who apparently  died ) participated in the inaugural Friday Five. This bodes well for the future.   Also Erin, It's taken you this long to see Finding Nemo? Wow...that's sad. By the way I have JournalCon news. It is tentatively set for the 30th of April (provided the Comstocks don't bail) and will double as Michael's birthday, so bring presents ( urlLink HINT    urlLink HINT ) Wow, there is quite a bit of html in that sentence! Woo!The plan for this JournalCon are to push through the last season of Sports Night AKA Dan Rydell's (nonsensical and badly plotted) spiral into MADNESS! But then we're going to do MovieJournalCon! Everyone Bring Two Favorite Movies, which will lend themselves well to commentary, of which we will watch some if not all! Please nothing R or starring Pauly Shore.   Also Yayness on my second new reader! Someone from the University of Maryland accessed my site! YAY!  Nothing ruins an evening at the movies like being struck down by the wrath of God.
    


	 
      Um, yeah, sorry about the "ass comment." It means that you pulled it out of thin air or off the top of your head. Still, bad wording on my part.  A mystery has been solved. If any of you ever watched Renee Zelwegger receive an award and thought, "Who the hell is John Carabino?" the answer is, he's her manager. Not her personal self-esteem booster as I had previously conjectured.  I've seen Finding Nemo now. It rocks. Also, I have convinced my dad to watch Chicago. He hasn't yet, but he will.  Nothing ruins an evening at the movies like being struck down by the wrath of God.
    


	 
      Props to Ryan in Chicago, the first person outside the state of Indiana to visit my site.  I liked the show. I'm not going to jump up and down on it like I did with "Once in a Lifetime", I just have a few comments. The Comstocks officially rocked the party. I have to talk about the singing (Remember I showed up at 7:00 so I missed "Agony") The entire youth group came out, half of them looked disinterested, the other half was shuffling around so much, and it made me wonder if this group had ever sang in front of people before. The Twilight Zone/Outer Limits sketch was funny. It pretty much wiped away the...wait, we're being nice...ummm...It was good! The Circle of Life was Fishcakes to the nth degree. I couldn't tell if the girl was even singing. What Line is it Anyhow was...It was bad. I'm sorry, but I was at the Comstock Birthday Party, and I know that Marten, Thomas, Nathan and Jonah are much much better than what the did here. Thomas managed to liven up his role, but Nathan's Jekyll/Hyde Newscaster was just...not very good, Jonah did okay with his role, which was a huge shoutout to Sports Night's Casey McCall. It was bad, but better than a Horatio Sanz skit on SNL. Which is indeed, a good thing. Levi and Colin were great doing "Masterpiece Theatre", my only comment is that there was a passing reference to the "New York City Capitol Building", which would be...wrong. Unless it was intended, in which case, Bully For You! The Piano playing of How Beautiful was extemely good. Massive Props to Jennifer! Which brings me to the finalé, Stomp. I am not a fan of Stomp, it's fun when it begins but after five minutes the gimmick wears off, and you're sitting in a theatre listening to forty grown men drum on trashcans for two hours. The gimmick did wear off soon after the beginning, however it was masterfully done, with no visible mistakes. I was really surprised since I thought this would immediately crash and burn, but it didn't, which is also a good thing. It was a good show, I had the same problem with it as I do with SNL, which is too many musical numbers and not enough skits. But still very, very good. Please don't hurt me.   Also I accidentially took my brothers medication, which is disconcerting me. I now realize why he is so screwed up! It's the pills! I pulled a muscle in my back today. I'm tired now and need to go to bed. Goodnight and have a pleasant tomorrow!  That's Adorable! Justice makes it giggle!
    


	 
      Oh, come on, Erin!  At least you have a group like that.  We have one year of Theatre overcrowded with people who don't want to be there, but need a fine arts credit to graduate, a program with no funding and a teacher who's opposed to backdrops and sets because they "distract from the actors".  You make every show by virtue of being male, and we still have to have one guy play Mercutio and Escalus.  And we can't even afford to give him two different costumes!  We're a joke.  Seriously, you have no right to complain about your drama program. The talent show went better than expected.  Which isn't all that good considering I expected it to crash and burn.  But it didn't.  Which is good. Show choir has me in a permanently comatose state.  I still refuse to yield to the coffee. Love the vest.  That's Adorable! Justice makes it giggle!
    


	 
      Just got done with the CPC talent show.  It went well for a show that had never actually been run prior to performance.  Thomas, you may remove the hat of shame and replace it with your trendy new hat, but keep it handy in case it ever becomes needed again.  The hat shall become the voice of justice for the chaotic crime-ridden blog! Or something.  On to match-ups.  Last we had a super intelligent toothpick vs Alex Trebeck's hair in a world domination competition.  We never could have imagined they'd join forces to create the ultimate evil.  So the next match will be James bond, equipped only with Thomas's new hat and my new vest, vs the Axis of Evil (the toothpick and the hair)  Should be interesting.  And about this vest.  I just purchased it at Goodwill and it is, in Layman's terms, cultural syncretism. (Just my little LN joke) Seriously in layman's terms, it is simply hideous.  Orange, green, and red plaid with cylindrical wooden buttons.  It will go perfectly with my purple shirt.  BTW, Erin: Thank you for reading my story.  As a fellow writer of fiction, your opinion means much to me, the whole ass thing aside.   That's Adorable! Justice makes it giggle!
    


	 
      And if you're angry at me, well, you've got a lot of company. I'm going to explain all this. There's a website called "Friday Five" where they pose interesting and somewhat personal questions, and it would serve as a good way for all of you to know me better. Also feel free to edit your answers into the post. Or don't. I really don't care that much. But without further ado, The Inaugural Friday Five.   What was...   1. ...your first grade teacher's name?  Michael: Mrs. Vittori. She liked bunnies. Jonah: I can't remember her name, but I can see her face.  She taught at Hancock Elementary in Minnesota.  The school's idea of an accelerated program was to pull Caitlin Ngam and I out of class every other hour so we wouldn't be learning stuff we already knew. Nathan:  Mrs. Fox.  Thinking back, I don't think she enjoyed having me in her class all that much.  I was too smart for her. Thomas: Ms. King. Great teacher, taught me how to handle me math. Erin: Mrs. Bainter, my second grade teacher. She maintained that I was the best writer she'd ever taught. Marten:Mrs. Haase.  She loved me, and probably contributed to my giant ego Sophia:  I have no idea...can't remember that far ago!  I remember it was my last year at Crooked Creek Elementary School, though.  2. ...your favorite Saturday morning cartoon?  Michael: Pokémon, when I was in 5th grade, but now I enjoy sleep. Oh! Sonic the Hedgehog! That's it! Jonah:  I don't watch them so much, but I have to say Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles. Nathan: Captain Planet, all the way!   Thomas: Batman!!!!! That was my first word. Teenage Mustant Ninja turtles gets and extremely close second. Erin: Alvin and the Chipmunks! The hyped-up '80's version. I liked the episodes with the girls in them. Brittany the Chipette was my idol. Marten: I miss anamaniacs and freakazoid Sophia:  I was a super-fan of Recess.  3. ...the name of your very first best friend?  Michael: Eric Oxyang in Yorba Linda. Jonah: Nathan.  'Nough said. Nathan: Jonah.  Ditto. Thomas Fowler: Andrew Clarke (From my old-school Chicago days) Erin: Probably Jessica Diefenbach, because our parents were friends, but I don't remember much of that. Marten: Louis. introduced me to randomness at age six Sophia:  Kelly Roeder...best friend since 2nd grade.  Yay.  4. ...your favorite breakfast cereal?  Michael: Lucky Charms. Marshmallows all the way! Jonah: I love Quaker Oat Squares.  Also Waffle Crisp. Nathan: Raisin Bran is a classic Thomas: Cinnamon Toast Crunch is the best cereal ever. Erin: Honey Nut Cheerios. With strawberries in. Marten: Reeses! Sophia:  mmm...frosted mini wheats with strawberries.  Yummy.  5. ...your favorite thing to do after school?  Michael: Putter around the internet. Or occiasionally play PS2 and watch The Ellen DeGeneres Show. Jonah:  Eat, check webcomics, update blogs. Nathan: By the time I get home, sleep.  Thomas: Watch tv, and game like the shrubnip I am. Erin: Either get online or watch snippets of my DVDs. I can only do these things if my brother's not home, though, because he gets online before me and makes fun of my DVDs. Marten:videogames or sleep Sophia:  SLEEP!  That's Adorable! Justice makes it giggle!
    


	 
      Yay, Thomas posted! I'm so proud!  Well, I am all caught up reading a little piece of narrative genius entitled "The New Toaster" and have duly commented. Everyone cheer, do the hokey pokey, and turn yourselves around. I have been asked to actually follow up on my earlier comment, "LC Players sucks." This is why it sucks. We have no money and we get no time to do anything. Horrigan never gives us enough time to rehearse stuff. We have a performance on Tuesday, and what did we spend last Monday doing? Playing random waste-of-time improv games! And then she has the nerve to criticize how I blocked the play after having me block about half of it in one class period. Grrr. But it's all cool, because I got to be in the senior Lyceum picture! :) Important news! The fanfiction.net search is working again, so everybody go there and type in The Shifty Troublemaker. Remember, that SW humor parody script with drug-induced penguins I keep talking about? If you haven't read it yet, read it. If you have, then review it so that it may get updated and finished! It's funny, I promise!  That's Adorable! Justice makes it giggle!
    


	 
      Had the Ball State choir competition today. Ben McGill and I are in backup for Sweet Sensation, the LC women's show choir. The choir unexpectedly got second placed, beating out LN's Hip Street, which usuallly dominates. We also unexpectedly got best back up band, along with Central Sound's band getting best backup band. This means an LC backup band sweep. Huzzah!! Nathan's Concert Choir was screwed out of victory. How did the judges not choose a choir that sings a part in French? On to my rockin' new hat. It is a nifty hat that is used for the German reenacting unit that Marten and I do. It is blue and yellow and looks like those hats that people used to wear with pajamas. If you have further interest, search for fatigue cap on your internet browser. Yay Thomas posted. Does this mean hat of shame revocation?  That's Adorable! Justice makes it giggle!
    


	 
      look whos overposting!    Look who's a Jackass! --Michael   That's Adorable! Justice makes it giggle! 
    


	 
      I've been thinking about DVDs. This summer, Six Feet Under: Season Two, Angels in America, and The West Wing: Season Two all come out. Alias: Season Three comes out next September. They haven't even finished the season, and we already have a release date! I'm really excited. I really don't have anything to say, besides that I really want DVDs, and I want them now.  Is it May yet?
    


	 
      Okay, I am sorry I brought it up and I'm sorry I ran the whole 'Marten has hairy legs' thing into the ground. Let us all agree to agree, that Marten indeed has hairy legs and nobody ever should ever talk about Marten's hairy legs again. Or anybody's legs. In fact, let's keep discussion of body parts and/or hair to a minimum, Okay? 
    


	 
      I'm tired. Everyone, please fix the blog before general doom befalls you.  Process Stories will be up tomorrow. I really don't have anything to say. I'm sleepy, cause of Algebra, and I'm almost out of lunch money.  Also, the entry was totally about puberty.  It arrests this war, his disonore of the main extremities of the title!
    


	 
      Lost in Translation rules!  So does admin power!  It arrests this war, his disonore of the main extremities of the title!
    


	 
       urlLink Inside of the can Jonah and Nathan and they are are 16 here. Very very fortunate person of the anniversary, this.   First off, No one cares about your birthday, Nathan. It's all about Jonah. Like on ER how it's all about Abby, or how The West Wing is all about Josh and Toby this year.  Of course, I am being sarcastic...  Also Jonah, It was very very funny. I laughed like this, "HA HA HA HA HA Change it back.". (Retribution for Monday is below)  Read Marten's disturbing leg hair/puberty entry of at The Taj Malobby!  And Process Stories should be up by Friday! leg hiar was a meanwhile with nothing to do with the entry whatsoever!  Its not a pubert entry! Stop this war! Shame on you, Hobbits!
    


	 
      It's my birthday, too.  I was at school for 14 hours, though, and my only gifts were a Kiwi, a hat, and a tire gauge.  Ashley gave me a birthday Kiwi.  We also invented competitive tutoring.  More on that when I'm not tired. Stop this war! Shame on you, Hobbits!
    


	 
      Oscar Follow-up. Lord of the Rings won and won and won. Marcia Gay Harden and Liv Tyler had really bad hair. The camera stayed on Jamie Lee Curtis's chest. Read the Teevee.org blog  urlLink here . They don't coin the term "Combover of Shame" to describe Liv Tyler's hair (That was Marten) but they were pretty damn funny.  Stop this war! Shame on you, Hobbits!
    


	 
      That's not an animal group! you may say. To which I reply, It's my birthday, I can do whatever I want!  Up to and including renaming the blog!  And posting with no actual content! And excessive use of exclamation points!!! All these things are perfectly permissible because, as I have stated IT"S MY BIRTHDAY!!!! WOOO!!! Stop this war! Shame on you, Hobbits!
    


	 
      OnlineHost: *** You have ejected MysteriousBob87 from this room *** Tofig36: OMG michael your name font hurts my eyes SBristowSD6: OMG Thomas I don't care! Tofig36: that's better The Squid3188: It's down to us again The Squid3188: the originals SBristowSD6: yep The Squid3188: 10 The Squid3188: they've reached double digits The Squid3188: good grief SBristowSD6: They have won everything they were nominated for. Tofig36: aaaahhhhh my eyes SBristowSD6: ALL OF THEM. THIS IS HISTORY PEOPLE! Tofig36: it hurts SBristowSD6: Here. Tofig36: no its your yellow name SBristowSD6: My name isn't yellow! SBristowSD6: Its Michael! The Squid3188: are you sure? SBristowSD6: No. Not Really. Tofig36: your name font SBristowSD6: Awww... SBristowSD6: Actress Time! SBristowSD6: More Like Male Rider! SBristowSD6: I can't either. Cause I'm a girl!" SBristowSD6: " SBristowSD6: It's Diane Keaton! That's what it is. Tofig36: She's in the axis of evil SBristowSD6: I like her! The Squid3188: what an attractive outfit The Squid3188: when did she join the Mafia? Tofig36: lol The Squid3188: now that's an outfit! Tofig36: i thought you said that she was in the axis of evil SBristowSD6: She didn't. They cut to her when Blake Edwards was talking about 'the enemies' SBristowSD6: Are they allowed to say bitch? SBristowSD6: Wow. I need to see 21 Grams SBristowSD6: HA! The Squid3188: I meant her Godfatheresque suit and hat SBristowSD6: Surprise, Surprise... The Squid3188: I was hoping Keish Castle-Hughes would win The Squid3188: *Keisha SBristowSD6: We're down to two, electric boogaloo. SBristowSD6: She got cut off during the Golden Globes SBristowSD6: Newmarket is the new Miramax SBristowSD6: She thanked her lawyer? SBristowSD6: Cut off eminent! Danger Charlize Theron! The Squid3188: she's not gonna cry? The Squid3188: she already did SBristowSD6: I know. SBristowSD6: Actor is wide open, people. SBristowSD6: We just saw this! SBristowSD6: Come on people! Stay awake! Stay...Awake! SBristowSD6: zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz The Squid3188: my money's on Johnny Depp SBristowSD6: Mine too. SBristowSD6: Ha! That commercial is funny. SBristowSD6: I already do feel sexy every day. The Squid3188: barely clothed women for every day of the week! SBristowSD6: I WON! SBristowSD6: I WON!!!! The Squid3188: drat! Tofig36: congrats!!!!! The Squid3188: http://www.imdb.com/name/nm1095720/ The Squid3188: isn't that interesting? SBristowSD6: I knew that! The Squid3188: the Star Wars thing? The Squid3188: I sure didn't Tofig36: I didn't either SBristowSD6: You don't hang out with Erin Chnadler. SBristowSD6: Chandler Tofig36: I do SBristowSD6: Mr. Erin Chanandler Bong. Tofig36: And i still didn't know... Tofig36: oh Tofig36: Choose your destiny Tofig36: flawless victory Tofig36: MORTAL KOMBAT!!!! SBristowSD6: HA! Tofig36: FIGHT! SBristowSD6: Hyah! SBristowSD6: Ha! Tofig36: GET OVER HERE! The Squid3188: Biff! The Squid3188: Shizzam!! SBristowSD6: Boffo! The Squid3188: POW!! The Squid3188: POP! SBristowSD6: Kablammo! SBristowSD6: Kingsley! The Squid3188: THWARPITY PLOING PLOING! Tofig36: TOMATO!! SBristowSD6: Hey! She's there and at oscars Tofig36: ASPARAGUS ASPARAGUS SBristowSD6: Johnny! Please pick Johnny! SBristowSD6: Please? The Squid3188: it's 12:00 now SBristowSD6: Wait 5 minutes The Squid3188: and you know there'll be anohter break before best picture The Squid3188: that's why people should give shorter speeches The Squid3188: BOO! SBristowSD6: no they're pretty much done. SBristowSD6: He was actually pretty good in that. SBristowSD6: "Thanks to everyone except Madonna. She's a bitch"  SBristowSD6: Political Statement...*sigh* The Squid3188: no, just weak attenpt at an overused joke SBristowSD6: yeah The Squid3188: it was better when Mel Gibson said it SBristowSD6: I never heard him say it SBristowSD6: Get the hell off the stage Sean! Tofig36: ya Tofig36: wait what movie was that even for? SBristowSD6: Is that my water in there?! SBristowSD6: Mystic River SBristowSD6: Sean, Is that my water in there? SBristowSD6: And look! No break! The Squid3188: nice SBristowSD6: It's... SBristowSD6: SEABISCUIT SBristowSD6: (I'm trying not to jinx it) SBristowSD6: Woo! Horses! The Squid3188: Was Lost in Translation good? Tofig36: My parents loved it SBristowSD6: Yeah. I'll rent it when you come SBristowSD6: LOTR! SBristowSD6: WOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!11 SBristowSD6: !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1 The Squid3188: 11! Tofig36: PWNT!!! LORD OF THE RINGS!!!!! The Squid3188: 11! SBristowSD6: Bye the way, Thomas and Nathan can come if they wish! Tofig36: YAYAYAYAYAY The Squid3188: 11! SBristowSD6: This is history people! The Squid3188: ooh The Squid3188: Cinematography would have made it the winner Tofig36: come where in the what now? SBristowSD6: They weren't up for it The Squid3188: but they shoulda been SBristowSD6: It was too blatant. Too many mountain shots. SBristowSD6: And they already won it two years ago. The Squid3188: so? Tofig36: whoa gandalf looks like captain picard when he has short hair The Squid3188: 12 woulda been history The Squid3188: 11 is just tied The Squid3188: with Titanic of all things Tofig36: blast SBristowSD6: 11 is everything they were nominated for. That has never happened before. The Squid3188: though Ben Hur is a damned good film SBristowSD6: Okay. I'm done.  SBristowSD6: I like all of you very much. Get Out. Now. SBristowSD6: Final Statements? The Squid3188: YAY!!! Oscars!!! The Squid3188: WOO!!! SBristowSD6: Thomas? The Squid3188: I'd like to thank the academy The Squid3188: for keeping me up til 12:06 The Squid3188: on a school night SBristowSD6: I'd like to thank your mom, Jonah. The Squid3188: hey! The Squid3188: It's my birthday!!! SBristowSD6: I know. I'll be feeling this in the morning. Tofig36: YAYAYAYA LOTR SBristowSD6: I'm sorry. I give you good birthday wishes! See you in 10 days! Tofig36: HAPPY BDAY!!! The Squid3188: It's past midnight, so it's my birthday! The Squid3188: yay! The Squid3188: YAY Birthday Oscars! The Squid3188: Wooo! The Squid3188: Thomas, final statement? SBristowSD6: Hee! Tofig36: I'd like to think Mr. Tolie Tofig36: Tolkien* SBristowSD6: To think him? Tofig36: for writing such great books Tofig36: thank* Tofig36: and Jonah's mom SBristowSD6: Okay. You're boring! OnlineHost: *** You have ejected Tofig36 from this room *** The Squid3188: ta ta SBristowSD6: Good Night Jonah. See you in 10 days! The Squid3188: yup SBristowSD6: Goodnight and have an unpleasant and sleepy tomorrow!   Stop this war! Shame on you, Hobbits!
    


	 
      Tyler Rudd, Yay or Nay? (Let's putting all this crap in one post so that we can delete it without much fuss if he joins. Just edit it in, like with the Friday Five.)   Erin:  Yeah, sure, why  not.  Jonah: Fear the Orange, Mortals.  And fear the orange mortals.  [After many intense hours translating this with those people who translate at the United Nations, we are ready to declare this a yea.  --Michael]   Marten: Yay!  Michael:  Yay. I'm for the bringing of Tyler if for no other reason than the fact that it will make Nathan shut the hell up about hiring people. Although the blog has been more frequently updated with Paul and Rachel and the new (and Frequent!) postings of Thomas.  Nathan:  Yay.  Paul:   Rachel:   Sophia:  Yeah!  Another person who will cover up the fact that I'm too lazy to post!  Thomas:  This is the way we wash our pants!  Laurence Fishburne:  Yay.  Mr. T:  I pity the foo who won't let Tyler join.  Donald Trump:  He's Fired. The Friday Five will be up again, they just haven't updated for a while on the homepage.  Oh my God, you're putting my mother's cats on the Supreme Court.
    


	 
      Erin, what I meant was I thought it would be weird for you.  I have no problem with it.  But I've found that for the most part my friends who have graduated don't want to hang out with sophomores and juniors as much.  Sorry if I offended you.   I know you said no more people, but I'd really like to invite Tyler to join.  He's going to being going to Indiana Academy next year and we won't see much of him.  Plus Pyler is incomplete without Taul.  He probably wouldn't post much anyway.  Just to consider.  Oh my God, you're putting my mother's cats on the Supreme Court.
    


	 
      Or "Things I'm Irrationally Pissed At, Part Two"   The return of the Killjoy : She's  taking a late lunch break today, so right now she's standing behind the desk chatting with the other librarian, the one who denied me  urlLink the SRT pass . There are actually a few people sitting in the back, despite the fact that a class is coming in here soon.   Mr. Hall : What can you say about Hall. He's annoying, loud, gay, has the most annoying accent of all time, narrowly beating out Melissa George's OmniAccent on Alias. The only non-assy thing he's done all year is not shoot down my Persuasive Speech Proposal. I'll be posting that as a separate piece (heh.) on What Kind of Day Has It Been, after I give it May 18th. I don't want Hall to google it and think that I stole it.    Career Day : It sucked. Sophia, Rachel, Thomas, Marten and I stand together in solidarity on this one. Ya-Ya! Thomas, who by far had the worst experience will write about his thing once he gets back from Chicago and he'll cover Government and Social Services in that post, (we had the same pick!) though I will say that it was much more  urlLink Third Watch  than  urlLink The West Wing .  Now I will talk about my second session, which was Engineering, proctored by Richard "Math Teacher With A Big Old Stick Up His Butt" Britton. The engineer was boring, and cussed a lot for a career day presentation (Hell twice, Dumbass once), and pissed the Architect off more than a little when he name dropped that the Architect worked on John Mellencamp's house. Mellencamp? Woo-fucking-Hoo. The Architect was more boring than...Something really boring. He had a picture of what quite possibly could have been the ugliest building ever designed and showed us a design for the house of arich realtor who could not be named (There was a monogrammed TC or possibly CT on there, if you actually care to find out.) That's what prompted the dumbass crack.   Okay I'm going to go now. JournalCon is set for 5:30 PM, May 7th, which is my birthday so any presents that you would bring could very well buy my eternal love and a spot in the Penthouse Suite of my Heart (Right off the Left Ventricle!).  Oh my God, you're putting my mother's cats on the Supreme Court.
    


	 
      Erin, no one's trying to replace you.  Nate was just curious, though a bit stupid.  How exactly would that be weird?  Meanwhile, I've been considering tossing my current schedule out the window and graduating early.  Even though I wouldn't, because I couldn't survive and still be Marten.  I'd probably come out as, I dunno, martin or something.  Paul: somewhere around here are rules about title schemes, which you have suddenly followed by accident after stopping the book one, (Which is Erin's) and you have to keep the template in your post.  After the current one has been in use for a week, you can change it. look in the archives for rules I'm forgetting.  Meanwhile, the post ratio has gone a bit off for our most elusive members. Thomas has posted twice within a week, but where's Sophia?   Oh my God, you're putting my mother's cats on the Supreme Court.
    


	 
      Am now reading Bridget Jones's Diary and am having trouble reinserting pronouns, etc. into vocabulary.   Welcome to Paul!  Well, it seems since one was last online and not too busy to blog, great irrelevent things have happend, much political murmuring has taken place, a new blogger has unknowingly tried to steal one's title scheme without any rebuke, and it has been suggested that after graduation one ought to just go away and not speak to any of you ever again. One feels miffed.  I think that all of you should know that Frieje is just doing the hall sweep thing because when Dr. Hodgin was visiting he saw four fights in the hall, which is just sad. And Frieje is not any kind of asshole, just rather misguided. He is far superior to Hanna because he at least knows and cares about what's going on. I won't argue that the hall sweeps are dumb, but they probably wont last. And even if they do, well-- I won't be there. Aha! Ahahahahahaha!  Michael didn't know about my Arthurian obsession and came under the impression that I have a girl crush on Keira Knightley. Oh, dear. Really, I was just looking at the costume and metalwork; I'd have been staring at Clive Owen or anyone else just as hard. I have decided that the new King Arthur movie should really be called, "Bend It Like Boudicca." And this, in fact, is how into the dark ages Britain/ Arthurian thing I am. Boudicca was a real, historical Celtic warrior queen. When the Romans invaded, I think about 400 years or so before Arthur time, Boudicca's daughters (and maybe her, I forget) were raped by Roman soldiers and she vowed revenge. She actually mounted an offensive that came the closest of any British attempt at driving the Romans out of Britain-- she was certainly the only one who gave them a real run for their money-- and she actually fought with the soldiers and everything. If I remember correctly, she drove them all the way down to the southern portion of the island... But that's just digression. What I'm wondering now is things like, will they use some copy of the Sutton Hoo helmet somewhere, as it's so popular with dark ages things; what does the guy who plays Lancelot look like, his name is very Welsh-- Gruffydd, or something; is the Merlin they're using old Merlin or young Mary Stewart-type Merlin; are they putting in any of the other cool female figures, e.g. Morgan and Nimue. I'll stop now.  They have not taken away Senior Skip-a-Final, you uninformed ninnies!  Irrelevant spoiler of the day: Correct me if I'm wrong, I don't think I posted a teaser last time. So today's spoiler is-- In Ep. III, Obi-Wan wields... a lightsaber. It is the traditional weapon of the Jedi Knight-- not as clumsy or random as a blaster, an elegant weapon. It's a sword made of light, a laser sword! (hehe, "laser sword")  Must do homework now.  Oh my God, you're putting my mother's cats on the Supreme Court.
    


	 
      Hall sweeps are a new policy at LC. Upon the ringing of the bell, the teacher's will close and lock their doors, and those people who are not in class, will be metaphorically swept into the Auditorium, where they will be yelled and bitched at about the importance of being punctual.  JournalCon is in one week, at my house. Erin, Rachel and Sophia are invited, but due to prudish parents, cannot participate in the sleepover. Food will be provided, however any donations would be appreciated.  Also, Paul: Respect the template. Keep it in your posts. Oh my God, you're putting my mother's cats on the Supreme Court.
    


	 
      The World History AP test is really scaring me.  The test is on Wednesday, we still have 85 years of history and two world wars to cover, not to mention all the stuff we skipped along the way, yet Leonhart thought it a good idea to spend the period watching a video on and having a discussion of African colonialism.  In short, he's doing nothing to advance the curriculum for those of us taking the test.  Part of the problem, of course, is that the test comes way to early in the year, but still, we need to be cramming, not just continueing as if we had all year. Can someone explain to me exactly what these "Hall Sweeps" are?  I've heard nothing about them at LN.  Yesterday in class Leonhart was talking about African colonialism, and he compared the French colonial government to the SAC, saying that there was a ruling council of Africans, but they had no power.  It's worth noting, though, that Ms. Lupold consulted them on the changes they were planning to the Skip-a-final policy.  I don't know if she'll take any of the advice she gave, but still, they were consulted on something important. Is Erin gonna keep blogging here from Hanover?  I'm just curios, it seems like it would be kind of strange.   Vote on the Democrats, or you will have elected either Daniel or Duck man by default.  Oh my God, you're putting my mother's cats on the Supreme Court.
    


	 
      I used Ms. Means in this one because she said it.  She was talking about the musical and how if we didn't do such-and-such everyone would leave.  Anyway, I just want to say that I am oblivious to Hall Sweeps because I have a press pass!  I am awesome!  I do like the protest idea, but I think instead of doing it I'll put on my press pass and interview people about it.  Protestors always like to be in the paper. Anyway, I need to go to bed so I will make a real update later.  Oh my God, you're putting my mother's cats on the Supreme Court.
    


	 
      I have several not very important things to adress.  First, I am changing my title scheme to the flavor text from my magic cards.  Second, I feel for Michael and the other LC people and would be willing to coordinate an LN "sit down" protest at the exact same time.  And thirdly, for those of you who don't know Tyler Rudd, we have reconfigured ourselves into Pyler and Taul.  That is all.
    


	 
      I now hate Frieji.  From now on I am intentionally misspelling his name.  I am now making a list of things he obviously doesn't know: 1. We're a highschool, not a middleschool, jail, concentration camp, or the like. 2. Students will often be late for valid reasons and proper passes, while distributed, haven't done much. 3. The Principal isn't supposed to do anything! Hasn't he heard of Mrs. Hannah? I think the man's definately over-compensating 4. Getting swept is just going to make the student later. It's not going to speed anything up 5. It leads to stupid people doing stupid things in protest, when they're the ones who actually deserve it and aren't going to help any with their lame attempts at "fighting the power."  Okay, redundant rant complete, on to business.  Thomas, that conversation is reminiscent of the monkey story.  How come I'm never around for those? I smell chicken! c'mon, some one keep going... darn it.   nothing ever happens around here   Oh my God, you're putting my mother's cats on the Supreme Court.
    


	 
      All you Fall Creekrians weren't at Belzer for the time of the hallsweeps. They were just damn irritating and didn't actually improve anything. For me, the hallsweeps not only seem to be wreaking of the Gestapo, but also seem like we are reverting back to middle school tactics. I am in full support of Michael's proposed "sit down" protest. In the meantime, don't get swept. -Oh my God, you're putting my mother's cats on the Supreme Court.
    


	 
      I don't know, as much as I am hating Freije, the hall sweeps reek of Burden and Brouwer. And maybe the Dean who's name eludes me right now. And I think I've seen the signs, like Tuck the Feachers and Hallsweeps Promote Drugs, which is built on extremely shaky logic.  Oh my God, you're putting my mother's cats on the Supreme Court.
    


	 
      Michael I totally agree with you about our newly turned communist school.  It's lunatic!  Some of my friends have put up signs, but I think the administrations has been tearing them down before anyone is even able to see them...gah!  I thought Mr. Freiji was supposed to be cool!!!!!!!!  Oh my God, you're putting my mother's cats on the Supreme Court.
    


	 
      Or "Things I'm Irrationally Pissed At, Part One: School"   SAC Elections : What is the point of SAC elections? They drag me from SRT, put me in the auditorium and have me vote. The voting however is moot, because in every category (except Student Body President) there is only one person running. It was Pre-War Iraq! One person (I won't mention names) I didn't vote for (even though he was the only person running) because he looked like he was hit in the face with the concave side of a shovel. I voted for one person because her name was funny (and because her opponent who promised candy, didn't deliver) and I voted for Spud, because he's cool. And this in reality is not an election, it's a popularity contest. Any given Sophmore's interest in the electoral process is minimal, if present at all. And it's not like the SAC does anything terribly difficult. They don't have to decide to bomb North Central in a pre-emptive strike, they help with charity, sell pizza and plan dances. I care about one of those three things. ONE. I'm not likely to care who student body vice-treasurer is.   Hall Sweeps : Hall Sweeps are evil and Frejie is a tiny impotent Nazi with a bug up his butt the size of an emu. And the multiple SRT bells are mondo annoying if you're trying to nap during SRT. I think someone should organize a school sit-down where every person leaves their class, and five minutes into the passing period, sits down wherever in the school they happen to be. What are they going to do, write everyone up? This leads into my next topic...   Idiotic Bitchy Administrators : It's amazing how they can't put two and two together and figure out that by eliminating perks (McTravel, Senior Skip-A-Final) school spirit goes down. Huh, it's amazing how that works, eh? and regarding CD Players: I want to listen to my iPod during frigging SRT! I'm at the point where I'm ready to hand out bribes to the staff, just so I can hear some Massive Attack during passing periods!  I'm irrationally pissed as hell and I'm not going to take it anymore!  Oh my God, you're putting my mother's cats on the Supreme Court.
    


	 
      A convorsation between Jonah and I.  The Squid3188: eggplant mambo woman man is on the loose Tofig36: cool! The Squid3188: just watch your back The Squid3188: he'll want revenge The Squid3188: and you took his lunch and fed it to the mongoose people Tofig36: that wasn't me! Tofig36: that was you!! The Squid3188: ok, I may have told him differently Tofig36: dammit Jonah The Squid3188: but it was only to save my own skin! Tofig36: now we have to put the blame on Nathan The Squid3188: it can't be Nathan Tofig36: why not? The Squid3188: He's engaged to marry eggplant mambo woman man's daughter, eggplant mambo woman man woman, on February 94th at the stroke of midnight Tofig36: oh Tofig36: Marten shall be the scapegoat then The Squid3188: no, because he's already ticked at Marten because of the whole goat-pie-scissors incident Tofig36: Michael! The Squid3188: made of ice The Squid3188: it has to be you Thomas Tofig36: Michael is certainly not made of ice  Tofig36: or you who actually did it The Squid3188: it can't be me! The Squid3188: there's too much at stake The Squid3188: you can get off easy The Squid3188: just threaten him with duct tape The Squid3188: the rest of us don't have that luxury Tofig36: Tofig36: that wasn't me! Tofig36: that was you!! The Squid3188: ok, I may have told him differently Tofig36: it was you Tofig36: i will mail you some ducttape The Squid3188: but I can't take the blame The Squid3188: what if while he's hunting me down he discovers the machine The Squid3188: he'd tell Rueben and all our work would be for naught Tofig36: damn! Tofig36: crap here he comes!!!!!! The Squid3188: the duct tape Tofig36: *whips out trusty ducctape role* The Squid3188: just threaten Tofig36: you stay back you bastard eggplant woman man! Tofig36: *brandishes duct tape menacingly* Tofig36: ouch Tofig36: he bit my toe off and ran The Squid3188: that could have gone worse The Squid3188: you forgot mambo Tofig36: You owe me... The Squid3188: that's why he bit off your toe Tofig36: he doesn't deserve mambo in his name The Squid3188: It's a family name Tofig36: I refuse to include it Tofig36: its also a name in my family Tofig36: we should shut Reuben up for good if you ask me The Squid3188: His mother was eggplant mambo woman the third, her mother was eggplant mambo woman the second, and her mother was eggplant mambo woman The Squid3188: it wasn't his fault he was born male The Squid3188: Reuben is still useful to us The Squid3188: he can take the heat when we unveil the machine Tofig36: drammit Tofig36: that bloody machine has just been one big thorn in our side The Squid3188: but I think we can get your toe back Tofig36: and then that bastard Reuben Tofig36: how? The Squid3188: you remember Shibs McRoudy? Tofig36: of course, he helped me get that car The Squid3188: well, he owns a device called a Mk 12 Watchaprug Tofig36: Oh! I've heard of that! The Squid3188: which can under the right circumstances grow toes onto people Tofig36: But isn't that designed to detect frogs? The Squid3188: well yes, but that's why they discontinued it The Squid3188: if you hook it up to a toaster and shoot it full of gamma rays it does the darndest things Tofig36: interesting, I never would have guessed Tofig36: How did Shibs get his grubby hands on one? The Squid3188: how do you think? Tofig36: Oh... it's like that then. The Squid3188: yep The Squid3188: fish sticks and everything The Squid3188: right in the middle of Wal-mart Tofig36: That poor guard and with all those fishsticks The Squid3188: indeed The Squid3188: but the point is he has one, and he owes me a favor Tofig36: excellent! Tofig36: when shall we do it then? The Squid3188: next Thursday? Tofig36: sure Tofig36: ok back to the machine schematics The Squid3188: well, I was working on assembling the aft frizzulator The Squid3188: and I noticed that we're using polyfumerate for the cogs The Squid3188: wouldn't poly carbonate fumates be more wind resistant> The Squid3188: ? Tofig36: true, but the polyfumerate will make  the deflemulagtor nearly indestructable The Squid3188: isn't that a good thing? Tofig36: yes so that is why we are using polyfumerates of polycarbonates The Squid3188: oh, right The Squid3188: suppose reinforced the polyfumerates with ubnium, just in case Tofig36: Excellent idea! The Squid3188: ok Tofig36: we could also use the excess ubnium to reinforce the Loanamatron The Squid3188: well, I'll go finish that up The Squid3188: no, it'll make it weigh too much Tofig36: good point The Squid3188: if the Loanamatron is over 12 kilos the whole thing we'll explode when we turn it on The Squid3188: eill explode The Squid3188: *will The Squid3188: we won't explode Tofig36: All that work would be gone... The Squid3188: yeah Tofig36: alright you best get working The Squid3188: indeed  -Oh my God, you're putting my mother's cats on the Supreme Court.
    


	 
      I have decided on a title scheme, quotes from whatever book I am reading.  which is right now The Jungle, by Upton Sinclaire.  Oh and I am not a little mofo  cough*Michael*cough, I'm quite a big mofo.
    


	 
      Oh my God, you're putting my mother's cats on the Supreme Court.
    


	 
      Paul is in the house! That's really awesome, we're really happy, get ye a title scheme. Actually after telling people that you actually made it onto the blog, I was responded with two 'awesome's and one 'what the hell is that little mofo doing here.' I won't *cough* Erin *cough* mention any names, but it's too bad that there's still such evil in this world.  I don't remember what else I was going to- THOMAS! I HAVE TO GO!  Oh my God, you're putting my mother's cats on the Supreme Court.
    


	 
      At last, after significant delays which I will mention later, I am in the blog.  You may refer to me as the all knowing and all powerful walnut, speaking through my mind slave Paul.  Paul would like to note that his computer was most likely designed to to torment his imortal soul.  He relishes the idea of climbing on his roof and throwing his computer in the air and shooting it with a shotgun or other projectile weapon.  But, if he did that he would have no computer, plus climbing on top of his house with a computer over his back is too strenuous for Paul.  Anyway, I am glad to be in the blog to rant about my plans for world domination and Paul's titanic struggle with his neighbor's cat.
    


	 
      Hurray for Patrick Shaughnessy!  Okay, explaination of random post. I was really bored, past the point of Prozac the Bear crazy. Everything after the greenday song are excerpts from song lyrics I wrote for "Searching for Sammy" which may or may not end up an actual band. nifty is it not? I sleep now.  Toasters don't play tunes, they cook bread
    


	 
      Okay, I've got stuff to tell you! The Sky is Blue! Playgrounds are Fun! Grandpa is Old!  Seriously, Nathan is more like his  urlLink brother  than he'd like to think. See "Yaargh!"  Nathan: I'll put you down for St. John's (Newfoundland?), but I've got to say A.) You are more in need of a night in Atlantic City than any man I've met and B.) You missed perfect opportunity to use "Dark was the Night, Cold was the Ground" as a title.  Marten: The random post was strange, but by "FIN!" you had me. Nothing gets me more than mock-art-film endings.  Erin: I'm putting you down for a seat in Taxxgrrl's car to the Lafayette TWoPCON.  Jonah: Your new title scheme is good, but you're going to run out of people and I'm going to laugh.  Oh my God, you're putting my mother's cats on the Supreme Court.
    


	 
      What a rotten day!  I feel like screaming and strangling myself.  I got one of my worst report cards ever, then mamaged to lose $600 worth of orthodontic equipment.  I seriously feel like hitting my self repeatedly with a large rock and screaming at the top of my lungs.   AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA RRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR GGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG HHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  The Betty-one looks drowsy!
    


	 
      WAWEWOWUWIWY!!!! GAGAGA! YAR! I be bored. this is my nonsense bored entry. I get to make one once a..a.... something. new feature for everyone.  WEEGOOWEEGOOOFISH Death to Moby Dick, I'm Thomas! DECK THE HARRS WIT BERRS OFF HORRY FARARARARARARARA! What, you think you some sort of jedi, with your jedi clothes, and your jedi weapon?THIS IS OUR ONCE A YEAR DAY! her is. I've got two turn tables and a microphone.  What goes around comes back! This is a public service anouncement, this is only a test! Emergency Evacuation Protest! Don't Get me wrong, its nice to be needed once in awhile! The greatest Reward in the world is to see you beautiful smile! I was Wandring around, I was searching the town I was looking for someone but they wouldn't be found.                                                  FIN!   The Betty-one looks drowsy!
    


	 
      I haven't done much over at What Kind of Day Has It Been. I've got some prewritten entries that I don't want to type because I'm lazy. However I am doing Celebrated Weekend articles for a few weeks. What is Celebrated Weekend? I'm glad you asked: American Airlines' inflight magazine runs a regular feature where a celebrity will talk about their favorite city and what they like to do there, where they like to eat and stay. For example, "Martin Sheen's Las Vegas" or "Kiefer Sutherland's Toronto" I thought, "Why don't I do something like that." So I'm doing them about the Compendium gang!   So far I have "Thomas Fowler's Chicago", "Sophia Jacobs' Ireland", "Michael Christie's Los Angeles", "Marten Dollenger's Kalamazoo" and "Erin Chandler's Orlando".  [You can add Nathan Comstock's St. John's]   I'll do these again around this time next year. Hopefully we all can go to many great places between now and then! The Betty-one looks drowsy!  
    


	 
      For Easter I got the Pirates of the Caribbean DVD. Keira Knightley cracks me up. She does commentary the way I do commentary. Randomly.  In the past few days I have learned a great deal from visiting the Royal Handmaiden Society website. I'm sure I've shared many of them with you. Like that Ani can't count, and Yané is silly, and Hayden tripped over a nightgown and Artoo fell over a lot. They also have a music video which is really pretty and is scored with an instrumental song, but if you play it while listening to "Into the West," it fits with that amazingly well.  I'm in a good mood because of Keira and because Dex's Diner just got reviewed by Kazzy, a fanfic author I greatly admire and whom I review all the time. She must've been like, "Who the hell IS this?" and read my profile and checked out Dex. And the review was favorable, and the gods have smiled upon me. Yay!  I vote for the Duck Man! He's a very intelligent guy, really. He would be great at the job. "Mr. President, what are you going to do about the war?" "What war?" "The taxes?" "What taxes?" Actually, he probably would realize and acknowledge the existence of those things. And give money to beggars, help with unemployment, etc. But imagine the press conferences. "Mr. President, about this duck on your head..." "What duck?" "Can we quote you on that?"  If the term "secretary" is outdated, why isn't Colin Powell referred to as Administrative Professional of State?  Irrelevant Spoiler of the Day: Wait, I have to look up what I said it was going to be... blah blah blah... oh, yes. Do any Jedi survive the dreaded "Jedi Purge," or, as Thomas would have it, Jedi Porridge? Yes. Obi-Wan survives; I'll give you three guesses as to where he ends up. Hint: It's hot and sandy and IN EVERY FORCEDAMN MOVIE. Master Yoda also survives and gets as far away from aforementioned planet and the spawn of Anakin as possible. A wise one, that Yoda.  The Betty-one looks drowsy!
    


	 
      Three seperate posts in the course of ten minutes! What are the chances?
    


	 
      If you couldn't understand the last one take heart, for I have a new title scheme: Prospective autobiography titles!  I'm thinking mostly for me, but some might be for you guys or other people entirely! Anyway, the Pajama Game is now over.  Thanks to all of you who came, came to half of it, would have come if you'd known the right time and hadn't had choir, or were out of town but expressed a desire to come.  I appreciate it.   So, I've decided to do Marching band.  Or not.  I'm still not sure.  The marching band people make these great, logical arguments when I'm with them, and then the non-marchers make sense when I'm with them.  So anyone who cares if I'm in Marching Band or not (Marten, Thomas) send me an e-mail outlining the pros and/or cons.  That might help.  If I am doing and want to be captian I have to write an essay by the end of the week. I am really not keeping up on these match-ups!  But today I'm setting up a big match involving a walrus, a walleye, a wallet, a walnut, a wall, Walt Disney, and Wally from DIlbert.  The will battle it out at Wal-Mart.  They may only use weapons purchased at Wal-Mart and have ten dollars to spend.  I'm giving all inatimate object telekinesis with a three foot range that can't be used on people directly. MArten - most of us respond to stuff in our own posts, rather than sticking things in each other's.  In the words of some girl on the interdisc boards, "i feel violated... like raped or something not nice" Here's some context:   mrs.harrypotter: I dont believe i need an introduction... im well fairly famous    [medit] Actually, this is Kelly Marchant. Just letting you guys know. [/medit]  hey now how did you guys do that i feel violated... like raped or something not nice   Something to think about.  The Betty-one looks drowsy!
    


	 
      Ha, kinda like the store, only not.  Sorry.  Umm...so, thanks for the happiness, all.  It's appreciated, surely, and...that's about it!  Oh!  Yeah!  MY vote!  Daniel Day all the way!  MAKE WAY FOR DAY!  :D  Daniel will kick all of their butts to China-town because he could argue all day about the meaning of life in Greek (or maybe it's Arabic now?), French, and probably his made-up language.  He'd confuse Al Sharpton so much he'd end up being condemned to hell, but that's a-okay, because Day does't believe in all that!  At least I don't think he does...oh well.  He's a nice guy, anyway, and the only one of the four I've ever met.  Plus, Kelly's dating him, so that means a lot.  :D :D :D   The Betty-one looks drowsy!
    


	 
      I'm happy for both of you.  Really.  Just try and keep the affectionate name calling and banter down on the blog.  And Thomas, I want you to tell me about any PDA's so I can make fun of them.  But no detail, please.  Also, I have a CD I need a copy made of.  I'll get it to you ASAP.  The Republican candidate was decided in a game of Soul Caliber because we couldn't find Mortal Combal and it's better anyway.  Of course, the Skeleton and Palpatine each tried to mind control each other until they were both trying to let the other one win, making it a competition to see who could lose best, with the loser winning.  The Skeleton was losing (winning) when he suddenly said "I sleep now" restoring Palpatine's control of his own mind for long enough to beat the crap out of the skeleton's character.  So Palpatine wins.  Opposing him for the Democrats will be:  The Duck man (from Discworld) Daniel Day (the one who used to go to middle school with most of us, not to be confused with Daniel Day Lewis, the actor) Lawrence Fishburne The Reverand Al Sharpton  Make your vote count!  The Betty-one looks drowsy!
    


	 
      I've heard this conversation many, many times, several in a classroom and most of them in front of a teacher. Story Courtesy of Jonah.  [Why didn't Jonah post it?-Marten]   The Squid3188:  I'm going to copy and paste a story I just told Marten cause it's funny The Squid3188: I heard these two black guys talking in the bathroom today The Squid3188: and the first one was taking allergy pills The Squid3188: the second was said"man, whatcha takin' those for?" The Squid3188: and he was like, "Allergies, man" The Squid3188: "Well, what you allergic too?" The Squid3188: "Grass and Weeds" The Squid3188: "Man, how you gonna be allergic to weed?" The Squid3188: "Not marijuana, man.  Dandelions and shit" The Squid3188: "Oh.  I feel you, man.  I feel you"  Okay, even though this thought completely warrants a new post, I'm going to splice it in here. I saw something that almost sent me in a seizure right in the middle of the commons. Something so terrifying and evil that I almost screamed when I saw it.   Mrs. Howard was at LC.  I don't know why.  [incoming freshmen-Marten] I don't know how. [she can drive-Marten]  All I know is that she was there, and she scared the hell out of me. The Betty-one looks drowsy!
    


	 
      If you are not already watching Alias and/or 24, you totally need to start. They have both after mediocre seasons, risen up and come back, with great directing (Ken Olin should totally win an Emmy for "Hourglass". Of course, it'll go to Christopher Misiano, but still. He should win it.) to great acting (Victor Garber who has come a long way from  Godspell  and Ron Rifkin, who may have sown up his own supporting actor in a drama nomination.  I know I'm just pimping my shows here, but seriously? They're awesome.  Alias: Sundays @ 9 on ABC; 24: Tuesdays @ 9 on FOX.  Also, Thomas thinks you should watch Scrubs. In fact you will watch Scrubs! Because who's the boss of you? Thomas is the boss of you.  Scrubs is Thursday @ 9:30 on NBC. The Betty-one looks drowsy! 
    


	 
      Okay, if anyone doesn't remember Sophia's first post, It said something along the lines of being my super hot, way-cool friend who just happens to be a girl.  Then I complained, and stuff was said about lesbians in Arkansas, but thats not the point. The point is that now she  is  my super hot way-cool girlfriend, unless the fact that everyone and there mother knows creeps her out so much that she'll not dump me, but viciously throw me down like an annoying chipmunk sitting on her shoulder and biting her ear.  I really,  really  hope she doesn't do that.  I may be kinda weird, but after a while it makes perfect sense, to me atleast.  I've been dealing with some akwardness too, but you know, you're worth a bit of confusion.   The Betty-one looks drowsy!
    


	 
      Sophia, you do not get the hat of shame. The hat of shame is for people who screw up. Thomas is wearing the Hat of Shame until his grade in math is better. You are sentenced to wear the (brand new!) Hat of Ill-Repute, forever and ever until the end of your days.  JournalCon date is (until someone tells me otherwise) May 7th-8th. We're doing Season Two of Sports Night in all it's horrible Dating Plan glory.  I'm working on a review of The Pajama Game, It'll be at What Kind of Day Has It Been tomorrow, unless I get lazy and maybe it won't ever get anywhere.  All I have to say is, Sophia, you missed a hell of a show.  The Betty-one looks drowsy!
    


	 
      Omg. I thought the Pajama game tonight was at 7 as well...FART KNOCKERS!  I am SOOO sorry I missed it!!!  Dag gonnit...poop on a stick...GRRRRRRR!!!!   I AM SO FRUSTRATED WITH MYSELF RIGHT NOW!!!  P.S.  Nathan, are you going to the dress rehearsal tomorrow night?  If you are, I can pay you back for my ticket...how much was the ticket?  The Betty-one looks drowsy!
    


	 
      This is just a short entry to say that the Pajama Game last night was awesome! Everything we were promised and more. Tiffany Webb is amazing, Jonah made for an excellent disgruntled employee and Nathan an excellent chorus member, and the orchestra too was pretty darn good. So hooray! Everybody get hyped!  Michael: Tact 101-- Tact does not mean lying, it means telling the truth gently. And, all jokes about you being dead inside aside, you're going to have to learn to use it because people tend not to like having their feelings hurt, and if you hurt their feelings you will sooner or later find yourself very much without friends.  The Betty-one looks drowsy!
    


	 
      Disclaimer: Erin does not condone any women ever being struck like gongs.  Welcome to the blog, Rachel!  What I Did On My Field Trip I went to see a play called Private Lives it was funny. It had lots of witty banter that was very well done, it made me laugh. We went to the mall. We ate at the mall I also bought some books. They were The Truth and Night Watch, now there are only five Discworld books I dont own not counting the young adult ones and Last Hero. We got back at 2:30 and sat in the commons until the bell rang. This was a happy day. The End.  I am coming to Pajama Game tonight because tomorrow I am booked to go see Ella Enchanted with my aunt and my cousin and Toni. I can buy my own tickets, it's ok.   Dr. Disco was... bizarre.  [Girl, you stole my adjective! --Michael]  Somehow I think we pulled it off, but only just barely. If I ever hear Horrigan say "Oh my gosh" again I'm going to slap her. Amendment to the disclaimer: She is the only woman who should be struck regularly like a gong.  [Word. --Michael]   Oh! Palpatine! I vote Palpatine! Why? Because Palpy as president will bring corruption back to the Republic! He will put an end to democracy! The Trade Federation will free its influence over the bureaucrats and our people will be lost! He's the Phantom Menace! What could possibly be better than that? As Jonah pointed out, he would eventually just be destroyed by the Rebellion. In the meantime, we can call him "Palpy." Who needs Jedi, anyway?  Irrelevent spoiler of the day: Where have all the Jedi gone, long time passing? Where have all the Jedi gone long time ago? Where have all the Jedi gone? Gone to graveyards, every one. When will they ever learn? When will the ever learn? That's right, it's horrible, but in beginning around Episode three there is what we call a "Jedi Purge." Palpatine (he's the Phantom Menace, remember?) decides that he doesn't like the Jedi and hires people to kill them all. I weep. Next time: Do any Jedi survive this "Purge?"  Fanfiction Rec of the Week ("You might not care, but I do"): Wizzardly Accusations, a Discworld fic on ff.net in which Rincewind is accused of attempting to murder the Patrician and runs away a lot. He even throws a scent bomb at poor Angua! It's tough to be a werewolf.  The Betty-one looks drowsy!
    


	 
      Rachel's in Iowa. Thomas is at Ben's house. Jonah and Nathan are doing something involving Pajamas. Marten is doing something, but not something that I can put my finger on, or see or smell or touch. Erin's doing that bizarre disco play. I don't know where Sophia is. I'm so very lonely...  Jonah: Bring my pants (and  all  of the change in my pockets) in a big bag to The Pajama Game. Otherwise they'll be lost in Jonah's room, among college brochures and clothes forever. And I liked those pants too!  Why shake hands when we can touch...other things? Like Lips... 
    


	 
       one gets my scheme anyway it doesn't really matter.   We can buy you the tickets for Sunday on Saturday, but have the money with you and pay us back after the show if at all possible.  There is Youth Group, so I guess that's a plan. Marten and Michael, please get your pants out of my house at your earliest convenience. And check out Other SIde of the Corndog even if you just did, because there is a special bonus update.   Why shake hands when we can touch...other things? Like Lips...
    


	 
      Erin's not coming Sunday. Just wanted to point that out to Jonah (if he's reading this) Why shake hands when we can touch...other things? Like Lips...
    


	 
      Okay, so here's the deal.  Since I'm dumb and can't think of what my title scheme should be, I'm just going to put random words up there until I can think of one.  Or maybe my scheme should be "random words."  I dunno yet.  I'll decide later.   I'm really sorry that I can't go with you guys to see "Pajama Game."  I'm really very upset about that, but I'll be in Iowa for a poopy soccer tournament....Comstock boys - do great! Today in choir our student teacher said that we sounded like chickens when we sang which got me to thinking (which isn't necessarily a good thing)....what if my choir and I happened to go to a farm or someplace with a lot of chickens and then started singing and the chickens were attracted to us!!!  "OMG THERE IS A CHICKEN HUMPING MY LEG!!!!!!"   Why shake hands when we can touch...other things? Like Lips...
    


	 
      Okay, Jonah get tickets for Erin (unless Levi's comping her, if so we still want to sit by her), Marten, Sophia, Thomas, and I for Sunday. No I didn't go back and in a fit of OCD alphabetize those names. Stop looking at me like that. Rachel's not coming, 'cause she'll be in Iowa, which is sad. Can you get the tickets to Thomas or I (we're the closest, so that would make the most sense) before Sunday? I can pay you afterwards if you front the cash for me. Also is there a youth group that day and if so, why don't we all just go together from the show? It'd make sense. I'm all about sense and the making of it today.  Why shake hands when we can touch...other things? Like Lips..
    


	 
      Ha, alliteration.  Anyway.  Welcome, Rach!  Nice to see you here!  Yay!  And I can't draw, either, so it's all peachy keen.  I'm the one on the blog who always gets yelled at for not posting enough or for posting really stupid entries or for saying "lol" a lot.  So, welcome again!  hehe.    I have no idea about any of those crazy people for president.  I'm stupid, remember?  But, seriously, anyone is better than Bush.  Based on names, the Skeleton gets my vote.  :D.  Anyway, I swear I had something better to say!  OH!  PAJAMA GAME!  I can come Sunday night...going to a movie Saturday night and another play Friday night...so Sunday night's the only time I can come, but I WANNA SEE IT WITH YOU ALL!  So Sunday is the only way, got it?!  Okay, now I'm done.  Bye!   Why shake hands when we can touch...other things? Like Lips...[hehehehehehehehe]
    


	 
      I have to have a title scheme!?  Oh geez...well, I'm not sure what to do yet, so I'll have to get back to that later I suppose.  And thank you to the welcoming committee!  Martin is evil because he said my drawing of a brain was bad today and he made me feel stupid!  UGGHHHHHHHH!!!!!!  [MartEn is evil. And only because you wanted me to draw it for you]   That is all.  Why shake hands when we can touch...other things? Like Lips...
    


	 
      We should post the rules on a seperate page and link to them.  Then we should add some crazy, random rules like  Rule Number six. There is absolutely NO.... Rule Number Six. (Props to Monty Python)  Anyway, welcome Rachel.  I'm posting this from the North Star room, cause I have nothing else to do.  I'm eating mysterious popcorn.  For the primary, although I'm offended that you never guess on my match-ups and comment on this the first time, I'm going with the Palpatine.  I'll go by their plans for Iraq.  Bush:   We've seen his rebuilding.  It's boring and it's going too slowly.  Bill Gates:   He'll probably institute a governement full of glitches so he can release Iraqi government 2.0 to fix the bugs, but it'll contain new ones, and pretty soon we'll just have to shut down Iraq and reboot.  The Skeleton:   He'll make all the Iraqis dance for his amusement.  This would be fun, but would probably just lead to a massive uprising the minute he says "I sleep now"  Palpatine:   He'll likely enslave the populace and force them to build a weapon that he'll use to enslave all the other countries, and pretty soon America would expand and become the Earth Empire, containing every country.  So we can see that Palpatine is best because he will bring world peace.  We'll all be united under one government.  Of course, it'll be a government of evil, but sooner or later we'll be saved by Luke and things will all be ok.  So, If you want good seats to the Pajama Game, I need a number of people and a day by tomorrow.  Money would be nice, too, but I can cover you guys until I see you.  That is all.  I sleep now   Why shake hands when we can touch...other things? Like Lips...
    


	 
      First of all, official greetings from unofficial mod. Welcome to the Blog Rachel, you need a title scheme.  All mine are quotes from web comics and other blogs, Erins are quotes from books and movies, Nathan has something musical, I dont remember what, Michael's are quotes from the west wing, thomas is welcome to fred, Sophia has band name ideas, and I can't figure out Jonahs.  You need one that isn't any of those. Other rules: Nothing can be deleted, but you can add edits in bold to other posts. You can change the template(little quote thing on the bottom) only after the one currently in use has been there for a week, unless its a special occasion.  there are probably some minor rules I'm forgetting, but.... oh well.   I could have sworn I edited in that we were going saturday after thomas posted we were going friday...   ( I edited in Sunday because all the marching stuff is on Saturday and I can't go, so I was encouraging everyone to come Sunday --Thomas)   Im stuck between Palpatine and the skeleton. They should fight in Mortal Kombat. literaly.  That is, play against eachother in the video game.  Why shake hands when we can touch...other things? Like Lips...
    


	 
      Yay for Rachel who nailed her post on the first time!   Okay, I thought I would be offended when I read about the CoS Primary (even though the current president is an incumbent with an intention to run for re-election, so unless a challenger arises, there is no official "Republican Primary") but I really wasn't.  My opinions (and handy odds!) are thus:  George W. Bush : Please, Lord, not again. The man led us through September 11th. He did good. He led us into a war in Afghanistan, which didn't lead to serious problems. THE MAN NEEDS A FOUR-YEAR VACATION! After two wars (one that's a losing battle at this point ) he really needs to Get Out. Now. But I like his cabinet. Condolezza Rice kicks ass! Seriously, a viable female candidate if she desires to run. Might give Hillary a run for her money.  Odds 5:1    Bill Gates : Seriously? Can you imagine Bill Gates saying to the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, "Commence bombing on select military sites." That's just all kinds of wrong. The man can't design a good operating system, why would he be good as president?  Odds 50:1    Senator Palpatine : He's the model of a modern Republican. I regret to have said that as now Jonah will begin singing Pirates of Penzance now. But seriously, he is. He's got the geek vote And geeks a group that was essential in Bush's first election bid. Look for him to win a few primaries but peter out around Super Tuesday.  Odds 3:1    The Lost Skeleton of Cadavra : Perfect. Loud, Sarcastic, A little bit bitchy and concise. He's the ideal Republican candidate.  Odds 2:1   By the way, if a box of hair ran against John Kerry in the next primary, it would probably be more in tune with issues, speak more eloquently, and govern the country in a way that's fair to all, even more so than Kerry. But seriously, if you think America needs a president who can snowboard? Then vote for Kerry.  What else was I going to say? I don't know, that's your problem, I sleep now. Why shake hands when we can touch...other things? Like Lips...
    


	 
      Hola Hola Coca Cola!  Okay, so I've finally got this thing figured out, and I will be posting on here anytime something stupid comes to mind.  Actually, that's a bad idea because then I would be posting about 50 times a day...Anyway! For my very first entry (woo hoo!) I'll just talk about my other day at practice.  Okay, here's what happened...My team and I were running laps and we happened to come upon some ducks.  My friend Megan decided that she wanted to catch a duck, so she ran to go get one.  Well obviously the ducks flew away!  Which got me to thinking...why don't ducks live in trees?  I mean, they can fly so it's apparent that they can live in a tree or at least stand on a tree limb if they wanted to, but I've never ever seen a duck in a tree!  And now I want to!  My goal in life is to see a duck in a tree!   Why shake hands when we can touch...other things? Like Lips......that's a good question!  I think it would be a great idea to walk up to some random person, introduce myself, and touch their lips.  That way I can give and take germs and become sick and die faster than normal!  That's the best idea I've ever heard!...Or perhaps it's the dumbest thing I've ever heard...
    


	 
      I realized something to day.  I can no longer remember which of my friends went to Fall Creek with me and which ones I met in High School.  The fact that I remember middle school so vaguely is worrying to me.  I think I may be going senile early.  I've decided that I need a feature, like fanfic recommendations or match-ups.  So to celebrate election year, I'm having our vary own Compendium of Stupidity election simulator.  Since we have so few people, I'm letting everyone vote in both primaries.  First the Republican primary.  The candidates are:   George W. Bush Bill Gates Senator Palpatine The Lost Skeleton of Cadavra!  Cast your votes in your next post.  Why shake hands when we can touch...other things? Like Lips...
    


	 
      Fine, we'll go Sunday. There's not a chance in hell I'm playing musical chairs though. Thomas must see The Lost Skeleton of Cadavra before it leaves Castleton Arts since he so totally wrote it. Also is it wrong that I find the fact that Marten got stood up by the Comstocks and I absolutely hilarious. By the way, Nathan made two mysterious bathroom trips.  I have SpongeBob Uno! Yay!  Why shake hands when we can shake...other things? Like Lips.
    


	 
      Marten, I have yet to receive the hat of triumph, so I am ineligible for the hat of shame, that means that you get it if anyone does. I went to the IYC thing, and it was wonderful! The only low point was this guy who came on and claimed who was going to do "We Got Trouble Right Here in River City" style song and then spouted mindless dribble for around 15 minutes. No singing involved. Anywho Nathan and Alice and all the others were really good. Everyone go to Pajama Game Sunday  [I think we're going Sunday-Marten]   [No, we're going Saturday.--Michael]   No Michael, I am going Sunday then because I am busy Saturday, so Marten should come then. On Saturday, come to the World's Biggest Game of Musical Chairs, which requires 8,500 people, on Saturday and the Lawrence Park football field place. To get in free, bring your own chairs! Michael come to the musical chairs Saturday -Why shake hands when we can shake...other things?
    


	 
      I havn't posted in a while, but Thomas hasn't posted in even longer, so the hat of shame lies with him.    I went to a baptist church last night! It was interesting. The man yelled. A lot.  And he didn't use his voice properly so he sounded like a louder whinier michael.  However, he had some interesting things to say, and to be fair, it was all true, but its point of view, you know? the way they interpret things, its different.  more on that on the lobby. The Lost Skeleton of Cadavra has to be the best movie. Ever. But don't see it alone, cuz it sucks when you watch it without anyone to make fun of it with.  A horrible experience I had to go through because Michael neglected to tell me of a time change.  But all is well, because Jonah paid for my ticket the second time, and I got to punch Michael in the stomach.  Why shake hands when we can touch other things?
    


	 
      Jonah-- Yeah, that is an old one. And all these years I was just waiting for such an occasion as this to use it properly. I do remember Levi's hardwood floors website. That was hysterical.  Nathan-- Congratulations on the braces! :)  Yesterday was one of the coolest days ever. Mrs. Horrigan has this friend who has done plays on Broadway and everything, and he came to talk to us in SRT. His name's Ben Davis, and he went to LN. He's been in Les Mis on Broadway and a touring production of Les Mis, La Boheme on Broadway and in LA, and Thoroughly Modern Millie on Broadway. He's worked with Baz Luhrman and he's met Nicole Kidman and Leonardo DiCaprio and Hugh Jackman and James Gandolfini and James Lipton and all kinds of people. He got a Tony for La Boheme and he brought it and we all got to hold it. I got to hold an actual Tony Award! And then he sang for us. Twice. He has an amazingly beautiful voice. Plus he was really really nice. How cool is that?  Ok, I lied about having the fanfic rec up yesterday. I didn't feel like it yesterday. So it will be on Saturdays. This is all part of my grand scheme to confuse the new bloggers as much as possible when they get here. "You might not care, but I do." For this week's rec, I decided to buck tradition and go with something non-Star Wars. And I've been talking about Discworld a lot lately, so it's not that either. Instead, it is a Chicago one-shot called "Somebody Got Murdered." It's on good old ff.net. It talks about the various violent crimes committed by the six merry murderesses and the sweetest little jazz killer. It's actually very good as far as characterization and mood, even though it's a songfic, which I usually hate.  It's time to bring this ship into the shore, and throw away the oar forever.
    


	 
      My braces are gone!  No more braces for Nathan!  And I can eat anything I want! In other news, the Cabaret and the Easter Egg hunt were both huge successes.  At any rate, we didn't crash and burn at the Cabaret, which is more than I can say for Josh. The Easter egg hunt had way more people than anyone expected.  We didn't hide enough eggs for everyone, but it turned out ok.  It's time to bring this ship into the shore, and throw away the oar forever.
    


	 
      Erin - Wow, that takes me back.  That injoke probably predates my relationships with Marten, Thomas, and Michael (I don't actually remember when I met Sophia).  Do you remember Levi's hardwood floors website?  Anyway, I found out via Michael that there is a Moulin Rouge soundtrack II which has all the good stuff missing off the first one.  If anyone is ever looking for something to buy me that might be worth bearing in mind.  I never gave you the update on the watermelon vs a slightly larger watermelon in a pole-vulting competition.  Well, neither watermelon has arms, so the real question is, will the extra size increase the thrust of the watermelon or just add dead weight.  Of course, the larger watermelon can hold a bigger pole, which would get it higher.  So the verdict is the slightly larger watermelon.  I'll conclude with a shameless advertising plug of : The Pajama Game! Your school doesn't have a musical, so come to ours.    SEE:  A knife throwing exhibition by the amazing Vernon Hines! THe best Tropical Spanish nightclub in Cedar Rapids, Iowa! Everybody dressed for the fifties! People losing their pants to humorous effect!  HEAR:  A man singing a duet with a tape recorder! A random middle of the show number that rivals Cabin Fever! "I love you"... in morse code!  WITNESS:  The titanic struggle for Pajama Survival! You won't want to miss...  THE PAJAMA GAME  Coming soon to a Lawrence North near you! April 17 @ 7:30 and April 18 @ 2:00   It's time to bring this ship into the shore, and throw away the oar forever.
    


	 
      Okay, that's outside my title scheme, but I had to break it just this once in celebration of the fact that our kitchen now has hardwood floors! This is very exciting for me.   Moving on, I have a new Discworld theory. I developed it while I was bored in Precal. I don't really want to disclose too much, because I think I'm going to write a story about it and I want some of y'all to be surprised. But I'm going to have to buy Night Watch. And for some reason I can't even begin to rationalize I've started to try to figure out the Discworld timeline again. Or, as I like to call it, The Glass Clock of DOOM. Especially considering that Theif of Time was mainly Pterry's big excuse for his crappy chronology and just made it worse.   Irrelevant spoiler of the Day: That's right, I know it's heartbreaking, but you remember Darth Vader? You know, the tall guy with the menacing breathing? He's Anakin. Ani falls to the dark side. Feel free to weep.  Next time: Where have all the Jedi gone? The Original Trilogy comes out on DVD in September, and the Episode III premiere is May 19, '05! Woo!   Let's see... what else did I have to say... Oh, yeah!  I'm bringing back the fanfiction recommendation of the week! And it will be every week! And it will be starting on Friday! ("You might not care, but I do.")  Sigh... sometimes I wish I had a life. And then I think... no, nevermind.  It's time to bring this ship into the shore, and throw away the oar forever.
    


	 
      For those of you who haven't heard, Rachel Bossi and Paul Simmons are new members of the blog. Or will be as soon as Rachel decides to sign up and Jonah sends the invitation to Paul.   I'm blogging from school, because I'm grounded (for two days) because I didn't wash my dishes. Feh.  I'm sitting next to a girl who comes into the library everyday and sends e-mails to her uh..."significant other" consisting of nothing other then "HEY BABY! I MISS YOU! I LOVE YOU." She seriously creeps me the hell out.  It's time to bring this ship into the shore, and throw away the oar.
    


	 
      I'm back too!  I finished my paper, although it sucks.  I don't particularly care, though, because it's only 60% of the 6 weeks grade.  There's still 40% of other crap.  So there.  Anyway, my cruise was AMAZING and I actually got something similar to a tan (it's still reddish).  I burn SO easily...ick.  Anyways, I'm sad I missed JournalCon and "bitchpants".  Sounds like a super-great time, though.  I answered all those questions!  Yay!  And congrats, Erin, on the new fan fiction!  It's fun stuff, and your title sounds like coolness.  Ha, I'm still in editing mode, I just changed the last sentence because the phrase "sounds coolness" wouldn't have worked.  Crazy stuff.  Anyway, bye bye!   It's time to bring this ship into the shore, and throw away the oar forever.
    


	 
      Yay! Comstocks have returned! Indianapolis just hasn't been the same.  Journalcon was fun. Erin, if you read this in time, please bring the tapes to youth group so they can listen to a bit of the madness. The new template fits my current mood perfectly.  This research paper is driving me mad! I'm about half-way done with it, but I have a real headache, and have taken two naps because of it.  It's like pulling teeth out of my ears.  I am generally Goshenellumpth.  Oh well. Back to work.  It's time to bring this ship into the shore, and throw away the oar forever.
    


	 
      This title implies my final change to the title scheme, at least for now.  Songs.  All Songs, but mostly still musicals with some classic rock and folk music thrown in.  By the way, I officially love so called "classic rock", especially Styx, Journey, and REO Speedwagon.  More on that if I feel like it.  I'm gonna be posting more now.  Things have calmed down a lot.  I have my Saturdays back for a while.  Life is ok. It's not good.  My grade took a serious dive last six weeks and it's looking very likely I'll take home my first D on a report card ever.  I may be able to raise it before it gets on my transcript, but not before the six weeks.  And more than likely Mom and Dad will make me quit New Dimension next year if that happens. One more thing:  Orson Scott Card remains the best author ever.  I highly recommend "Maps in a Mirror".   It's time to bring this ship into the shore, and throw away the oar forever.
    


	 
      That quote is from Jersey Girl, which I just saw. I love Liv Tyler, but it's funny because Ben Affleck tries to act. Like, with human emotions.  Jonah-- Yeah, Nathan can definitely read Monstrous Regiment. It is good, isn't it? :) I think the only reason I bought the Corndog thing was because I was in a heightened emotional state, due to my recent publication. And the Moulin Rouge soundtrack does have some of the good songs on it. Like the Elephant Love Medley. I love the Elephant Love Medley. I love it whenever Ewan McGregor belts out pretty words.  Plus, if you guys who were gone haven't heard about JournalCon 1.5 yet, all I can say is that it involved the word "bitchpants." Quite a lot. And how often do you get to say that?  I'll go do the Friday Five now.    It came with a matching tie, using a liberal definition of the term "matching" They're both made of fabric? Pretty much.
    


	 
      I'm back!!! So the trip to Florida was full of Comstock-like hilarity, some of which will soon surface on Tales from the Other Side of the Corndog.  When we actually got to Florida, there were many Comstocks and therefore much more hilarity, including: -My cousin David who brought his girlfriend to meet the Comstocks after only nine months of dating. -My cousin Paula's husband, Georgio, whose English is very good, but is still week enough to lead to several amusing translation stories. -The quote "I feel like a lizard!" actually making sense. -The mysterious "mini golfing" trips. I also went shopping, and my aunt paid as her b-day present to me.  I got: Newsies on DVD, Silly Songs with Larry on CD, and the Moulin Rouge soundtrack (which sucks, because they axed good songs that were in the movie in favor of "Moulin Rouge inspired" crap by "popular" artists).   I'm happy to report that my cousin Paula in Italy is going start reading TftosotC and, possibly, by extension, CoS.  That is, when she gets a computer in her new house, which is the next priority after running water and a bed.  So that means international readership for Jonah!  By the way, thank you very much Michael for ruining my joke, which Erin actually seemed to be buying. And speaking of Erin, as soon as I finish posting I will go over to Fanfiction.net and start reading!    BTW, I loved Monstrous Regiment.  Can Nathan read it before I return it?   It came with a matching tie, using a liberal definition of the term "matching" They're both made of fabric? Pretty much.
    


	 
      I think everyone on this blog is quite aware of my hair situations.  It came with a matching tie, using a liberal definition of the term "matching" They're both made of fabric? Pretty much.
    


	 
      It's Friday Five Time. (NATHAN AND SOPHIA, PLEASE DO LAST WEEK'S FIRST!)   1. Is your hair naturally curly, wavy, or straight? Long or short?  Michael: Short and Straight. Jonah:  Straight, short, and generally psycho Erin: wavy, and sort of a middle-length Nathan: My hair flips... right.  both sides do.  I hate it.  It's fairly long for a guy. Thomas: My hair sort of fluctuates. I think it is mostly medium lenth and straight. Sophia:  My hair is flip-y.  It flips out at the ends...and, medium length?  2. How has your hair changed over your lifetime?  Michael: It was longer and then it was shorter and now it's kind of in the middle again. Jonah:  It fell out when I was two, but since its grown back it's been more or less the same, save the rat tail fiasco, which is best forgotten. Erin: It was curly, then it was straight, then it was wavy and frizzy... I don't want to talk about the bangs. They were bad. Nathan:  More than I can say. Thomas: First it was normal parted, then it was bowl cut, then buzz cut, and now back to sort of normal part.  Sophia:  Long, short, long, short, orange.  3. How do your normally wear your hair?  Michael: However the hell it looks when I get out of bed. Seriously. Jonah:  Diddo, except on Sundays when I put a bunch of gel on it. Erin: down Nathan: With pride. Thomas: Great answer Nathan. I wear my hear however it wants to be worn. It talks to me every morning after I wake up with its requests. Sophia:  out of my face.  4. If you could change your hair this minute, what would it look like?  Michael: It would be blue. No it wouldn't. I don't know! I like my hair the way it is! Jonah:  It would be cooperative. Erin: It would no longer be frizzy, but would make up it's mind as to whether it wants to be curly or straight. Nathan:  Flourescent blue.  And not just highlights, either. Thomas: I would have longer sideburns, dyed hot pink. Sophia:  MINE WOULD BE HOT PINK, TOO!!!  5. Ever had a hair disaster? What happened?  Michael: My hair got overchlorinated and nasty when I was in Kindergarten. That's actually the only thing. Jonah:  It's consistently bad, but not disastrous. Erin: Not to my recollection. There have been many days of Magrat hair, but I've learned to love them. Nathan: On the bus home from Branson it did some pretty weird stuff, but I thought it actually looked pretty cool. Thomas: My hair has generally been pretty calm, and it knows that I do not tolerate disasters. Sophia:  Oh, in 3rd grade I got it cut awfully and looked dreadful.  But that's about it. It came with a matching tie, using a liberal definition of the term "matching" They're both made of fabric? Pretty much.
    


	 
      IT'S UP! IT'S UP IT'S UP IT'S UP! Everybody please please go to fanfiction.net and click on movies and click on Star Wars, and there is Dex's Diner by ME! Celebrate!  It came with a matching tie, using a liberal definition of the term "matching" They're both made of fabric? Pretty much.
    


	 
      I JUST POSTED A STORY ON FANFICTION.NET! Yeah, I know it's April Fool's Day, but I'm serious! I did! It's Dex's Diner! So everybody look for it there within the next few days, because I POSTED IT! AHHH!  It came with a matching tie, using a liberal definition of the term "matching" They're both made of fabric? Pretty much.
    


	 
      Summer School starts Friday. That is the stupidest thing I have ever heard.   That is all.  I want to STUFF the MONKEY!
    


	 
      Ok, so that made absolutely no sense, but y'know what?  I don't care.  Welcome back Marten, you crazy drama king.  Very sorry about Merryl, can't wait to see the chess set.  Anyway, it's now been summer for 2 1/2 days and It's not been as relaxing as I hoped. Commencement, open houses, relatives - I just want to relax.  Plus, I missed my first Corndog update since I went once a week.  That kinda sucks. At least I had a good time at Erin's open house.  It was too bad Marten and Thomas couldn't make it. OH wel, we'll all meet up at Youth Group at least.  I want to STUFF the MONKEY! ^Can anyone explain this!?!
    


	 
      Marten's back! Wow! I had four days! I win the bet!  Okay, now for my first JournalCon-less post in a while.  I hate the Cicadas. My mom hates them too and has been freaking out since March when she found out that they were coming. On the other hand Dad has been sympathetic to the cicadas, thinking that we were all big wusses and that as long as the didn’t bother him, he would remain blasé about them. That’s until one of them got in his car. Yeah. So now dad is firmly in the anti-cicada camp. He’s been rambling about cicadas for the last twelve hours, and when we went to the video store in Marsh, he told the clerk that he had cicadas in his car, and then he bought a bottle of Raid Flying Insect Killer, but I wisely checked the side to see what it killed, and it was more Fruitfly than Cicada. So we got the one that kills crickets. Personally, I don’t think anything short of Sarin will work, but it’s his money.  I saw Miracle last night, and in between realizing that Kurt Russell as Herb Bloom is Jonah’s  urlLink fashon guru *, I realized that it was possible for America to dream again, especially after four years with the most ineffectual president ever. (Jimmy Carter is a good man. Good President? Not so much…) Actually I realized that a movie that could have been pure undriven treacle was actually pretty damn good, because of a few different factors. 1.) Patricia Clarkson 2.) The Hockey players were very good, and managed to act pretty well considering that the were actual hockey players and not actors. 3.) Patricia Clarkson 4.) The last scene is still suspenseful even though you know how it’s going to end 5.) Patricia Clarkson 6.) It’s remarkably done, and better than it should have been, because of… 7.) Patricia Clarkson  I’m staying home today instead of going to a race party at some friends of my parents house. I have to do laundry, but it’s still worth it.  Okay, I’m pretty much done here. This is Michael Christie, signing off.  *I couldn't find a good picture of his pants, but the man had a serious plaid fetish.  I want to STUFF the MONKEY!
    


	 
      Hello all. I'm back from Vincennes! It was a lot of fun!  I got this crazy old chess set!  The pieces are hand carved and you can't tell what they are, but it's really Cor!  I also met this girl named Merryl, and she's really cool.  Unfortunately, she lives in a trailer with no computer and no telephone, and I lost her address, so I can't send her letters.  Anyway, After sleeping on it for a couple of days, I decided that my departure from Compendium was a little rash and I'm back.  But we seriously need to do more blogging and less party planning. Ok?  And Rachel and Sophia - post more!  I want to STUFF the MONKEY!
    


	 
      and that is precisely why it's important to keep on living, to not give up hope."  I needed the entire quote there. It's just a great quote.  Okay, Marten's left the blog. Where do we go from here? Since one of the reasons that Marten left was because Compendium "had become a message board for planning parties", I have to ask, Do you want fewer JournalCons? No JournalCons? I had just planned out the summer because it would be hard for me to make rounds and plan them the way I usually did because we're not in school. So if I seemed anal and controlling, that's the only reason why.  On a different note, I met two of the Sushi People! Ashley (who is awesome) and...and...I think there was another one, but I for some reason don't remember her. Which is sad. But Ashley was cool. And so was "The Day After Tomorrow". It was a great summer movie, I loved it, I loved the trailers before it, only problem was the lame-ass wolf subplot. Very uncool. Everything else rocked.  I want to STUFF the MONKEY!
    


	 
      Marten just quit. And not in the way I did, with the eventual return, I mean he deleted his membership here. His statement should be here soon, but I think he's actually serious.  In which case we're Post-Sorkin West Wing.  Oy!  I want to STUFF the MONKEY!
    


	 
      Blow this for a lark, I'm out.  I want to STUFF the MONKEY!
    


	 
      I'm posting a little soon after my last post, but I wanted to mention that I did great on my Algebra final, managed to nullify the D- I got in Speech by not doing anything, and I'm done with my finals (I have Art 1st block and Japanese (which I'm skipping) the second. I'm reading recaps, baby!(Apologies to Thomas, who has Algebra II and AP World History finals tomorrow. That sucks, dude.)   Erin: Write Your Full Disclosure!  I want to STUFF the MONKEY!
    


	 
      Today we had our first chamber choir meeting for next year.  I'd like to think I made a  urlLink good first impression .  More likely they thought I was pretty weird.  There is, of course a  urlLink logical explanation  for everything, but they didn't know that.  Oh well, at least nothing else can surprise them too much.  Also, I love having both a digital camera and a geocities page.  It makes blogging even more fun!  I want to STUFF the MONKEY!
    


	 
      I'm rejiggering JournalCons again!  We're going to continue with WestWingCon (Season One) on June 4th, because Erin doesn't care if she's there or not. I tried to do Top ten of the season, but there are too many damn subplots so we're going with fifteen.  Here's the final list: RERUN: Sports Night "Quo Vadimus" 1. Pilot 2. Post Hoc, Ergo Propter Hoc 3. A Proportional Response 4. Five Votes Down 5. The Crackpots and These Women 6. Mr. Willis of Ohio 7. The Short List 8. In Excelsis Deo 9. He Shall, From Time to Time 10. Celestial Navigation 11. Six Meetings Before Lunch 12. Let Bartlet Be Bartlet 13. Mandatory Minimums 14. Lies, Damn Lies and Statistics 15. What Kind of Day Has It Been  August 27th will hopefully be a CutCon, anything we don't get to at the MovieCons will go there I want to STUFF the MONKEY!
    


	 
      SO much to say... and yet absolutely nothing.  I'm Bass section leader next year.  Technically I'll be in charge of ten other people.  They won't listen, but that's a problem for next year.  It still makes me happy. What does not make me happy is that the "recommended" summer dance classes are now mandatory... for me.  And only me.  But oh well.  I need it. The new SRT system sucks!  Is it happening at LC too?  I need to know so I can figure out how to structure my rant. Also it is way too hard to get a drivers license in this city.  Bureaucracy sucks. Besides those unrelated pseudorants, I have very little to say, so I'll leave you with a really bad poem.  Trees aren't blue Neither are you You know what to do So give me my shoe  This isn't funny It's really just random Keep doing stuff like this And you won't develop a fandom  That last line sucked and so does this poem so I'm gonna stop now.  I hope you enjoyed that, but somehow I doubt it.  I'll post again when I make sense.  I want to STUFF the MONKEY!
    


	 
      Maybe that's more of a CD title.  ANYWAY!  I haven't been to church in a month and I don't plan on going back EVER!  SO THERE!  ha.  Just kidding, sorry, I don't know where that came from.  Now I'm really sad that I didn't go to MOM!!!  Wait, was Kelly in it?  Cuz if she was...I swear to Buddha...she's dead!!!  That evil little girl hasn't talked to me in so long!  COMSTOCK!  Tell Kelly to talk to me.  Got it?  I don't even particularly care which one of you does it...I know that both of you know her.  But not everyone does, so, back to my point.  What was my point?  Oh yeah.  I haven't been here in forever!  And, as retarded as I am, I so can NOT find this calendar thing.  I know that you explained everything earlier, Michael, and I thank you for that, but I'm much too lazy to go back and look, and, besides, I'm only writing this to procrastinate more on writing my Drama critique.  You know what?  I just won't do it!  I was just doing it for extra credit anyway.  Well, poo on that!  If I may say so myself!  HMMPH!  Anyway.  Again.  Bye!  I want to STUFF the MONKEY!
    


	 
      Hi, guys. I'm glad to hear that MoM went so well; I would've loved to have gone. And I want to thank you guys for saying I didn't have to-- that means you are first-class, stand-up guys.  Oh, dear. Okay. This is all I have to say about the youth group situation, and then I hope it's all done. The idea that religion isn't important to us, or whatever, probably came from my post, although that's not what I meant to imply at all. It's just that I went to Sunday School for eight years. I've been confirmed. And I've been in groups where you just learn the seven sacraments over and over, but then I've also been in groups where everybody knows the sacraments and we get to talk about more personal aspects of faith. So Marten, Thomas, and Michael convinced me to come to youth group and I thought, okay, these are people I would be happy to do that with. I feel really bad for contributing to the breakdown of the larger group. I felt horrible when Patty pointed it out, I felt horrible when Jonah pointed it out. And I do appreciate that you guys have to keep going there and have to find some way to make it work. The point of my earlier post was more to make a suggestion than to complain, but if it rubbed people the wrong way, I'm sorry. Really. I know you're all wonderful people, and I'm sure Patty and the rest of the people in the group are as well. I'm done talking now.  On a lighter note, Lookit! I learned how to change the thingy!  I want to STUFF the MONKEY!
    


	 
      Hey guys!  I'm sorry it's been so incredibly long since I've last updated...I've been pretty busy as you can tell.    Anyway, I'm assuming that the Comstocks made Jekyll and Hyde...?  I know The Pirate King did.  Good Job!  Mr. Stafford said that I was one of the people on the list of names of those they wanted, but when it came down to it, I just had too many conflicts.  Poo.  I really wanted to be in it!  But it makes me feel better to know that I didn't make it because of my soccer schedule and not because I have no talent.  Recently I went back to Fall Creek Valley with Central Sound.  It brought back a lot of memories.  I saw Mr. Rawlinson...he didn't remember me, but that's okay!  "Faster Pace, Higher Level, Pay Attention to Detail!" ha!  Mrs. Springer was running around the school...she remembered me, so that made me happy!  She still has the Anne Frank quote on the giant pencil above her door, and the students just recently did the poems...I remember Jonah's rendition of "The Raven."  That was some great stuff!  I heard that Mrs. Williams has cancer or something, so she's gone now...sad.  Sixth grade English and Literature would never have been the same without her!  Oh, and tell me why when I got home that night I started downloading some School House Rock songs?  Yay Mr. Harvey!  That's all for now kids!  I've gotta get some last minute memorizing in for my drama final!  The ultimate starship is Alfre Woodard's forehead.
    


	 
      BTW, that's not a cop-out.  I'm seriously considering it for my autobiography title.   Anyway, I apologize for some of what I said. I was a little upset about the King's Island thing, how it seems like you guys are intentionally setting up for a confrontation.  I think you guys care about the group more than I thought - you just want to make some changes, and that's fair.  So, let's just try to do it in a peaceful way. Also, thank you all so much for coming to PseudoMOM.  If you enjoyed watching it half as much as we enjoyed putting it on, than we enjoyed it twice as much as you. In conclusion, I love you all. (But in a totally nonsexual way)  (Except for Sophia) (No, just kidding) (Mostly)   The ultimate starship is Alfre Woodard's forehead.
    


	 
      I added the template, and it's random and funny and part of Jacob's Wrinkle in Time recap. Go read it.   Okay, Jonah, I think you're taking a tad too much credit for the bringing of people into the Youth Group. I recommended it to Erin, so that was pretty much me, although it is indirectly related to you. And also the part about us not liking the religion part is such complete and utter bullshit it's not even funny. I never said I had a problem with the religious part or the worship. That's fine, I knew that would be a part of a church sponsored Youth Group. But to play the same games every week will just end in madness! And also if Kraig is the person I'm thinking of, he specifically said that he was going to be busy for a while and wouldn't be coming!   And, yeah. I joined the group so we could hang out together. That's pretty much the only reason I'm there. I'm sorry if the desire to see Jonah and Nathan more than once every two months is such a bad thing, if it is, than believe me, I won't be coming back in two weeks.  By the way, AnimationCon is dead, So the new schedule looks something like this: June 1 - WestWingCon (Season 1) - 3:00  June 11 - MovieCon! - 3:00  June 18 - WestWingCon (Season 2) - 3:00  July 17 - MusicalCon! With Special Guest "Camp" - 4:00   Note the changes.   Okay, I went to meeting of the minds, and if I had wanted to shove sharp metal objects in Jonah's eye earlier, the desire is all but gone now. LN Lyceum rocks. The funniest moment of the night? I'm not going to play favorites with the sketches, but when Mrs. Means got up and started talking about how great the class was and how her car broke and how she didn't bring snacks, the entire class was standing up there like when Michael Moore (ASS!) brought all of the Documentary nominees on stage and started yelling at Bush and then the people behind him were wondering "What am I doing here?" and rolling their eyes and looking like Deer in headlights.   Seriously, y'all rock. Props to you. The ultimate starship is Alfre Woodard's forehead.
    


	 
      Jonah, if you're pinning crap on me, then you are in for such a flogging.  I'm not in full agreement with Michael's post, but I'm not happy with the way Patty overreacts to things. I apologize for sunday, it was largely my fault we weren't involved, but I'm bringing board games to the next meeting, because hide and seek is just really boring when it's not a lock-in.  Especially when your locked out of the hiding place the first game and yelled at for not playing the second.  Still, I'm all for a more unified youth group, where we can actually plan things, but just by our nature we're going to be atleast slightly disorganized, and Patty needs to realize this and work with us instead of helping to create an atmosphere in which we're working against her.  Perhaps Erin is right, and she isn't the person to be working with older kids.  I'm hoping you(jonah) can take a little more control, I feel like under your leadership that we can be, for the most part, self directed and Patty can worry about the younger kids.  Who added this template? It's stupid. It's not funny, just stupid. The ultimate starship is Alfre Woodard's forehead.
    


	 
      I agree with Jonah -The ultimate starship is Alfre Woodard's forehead.
    


	 
      I'm tired of this.  I have to spend two more years with Patty, and with you guys (exceptin' Erin).  This uneasy peace, with you guys talking about her behind her back, is not gonna last.  And it puts me in a difficult and unfair position.  After all, intentionally or not, I brought you guys to the group more or less.  So any conflict that arises is gonna be my fault.  I like you guys and Journalcons, but I also owe the group my support, if not for Patty herself than for the church.  And you all don't seem to have noticed that as our little clique grows, we're losing people.  Has anybody seen Kraig lately?  Does anyone know where he is?   As Erin said, you joined the group so we could hang out together.  I think that's the wrong reason.  If you don't like Patty and you don't want to do Youth Group things (which, amazingly enough, involve religion) than consider whether you should be coming.  Because to join the Youth Group, scare away other people, and then bitch about Patty and how things are run seems stupid and counterproductive. So that's my stance. (BTW, It's worth noting that most of that stuff doesn't really apply to Thomas or Nathan.)   The ultimate starship is Alfre Woodard's forehead.
    


	 
      Nathan and Thomas, There's no "c" in Jekyll. Just for the record. Props to Jonah and Marten for spelling it right. Hat of shame is to be equally split among the two of you.  Since Erin is leaving the 27th of August (something she didn't POST ON THE CALENDAR!), I call for a boycott of the King's Island trip. We already have MovieCon that week, and I don't want to rejigger the schedule. King's Island going to be lame anyway, because King's Island is over-rated and going means spending an entire day with Patty, and that's just not cool.   So, you're either in or you're out. Right now.  The ultimate starship is Alfre Woodard's forehead.
    


	 
      Arrgh! Michael, I TOLD you already, over and over, that I'm leaving on the 27th of August! So please bump musicalcon up!  Haha, you're all in school right now. And I'm not. I got up at 10:43. I'm still wearing my pajamas. Smugness.  I have to agree with Michael in that there should be two youth groups. I'm personally not much of a youth group person in that I keep my religious things very private, and the whole "let's all hold hands and pray and quote Bible verses and sing songs with total strangers" thing kind of makes me uncomfortable. But I think it would be much better if there was a younger group who could do that, and an older group that could be more self-directed... like, we know the Bible stories already, what do we think about them? Plus, I really don't think Patty knows how to handle older kids. Especially not older kids like us. I started coming to the youth group to hang out with you guys, not be yelled at by this perpetually jumpy woman. So, all in all, I'm kind of glad it's pretty much over for me. Anyway.  The ultimate starship is Alfre Woodard's forehead.
    


	 
      Comstocks, there is no possible way that you could appreciate either Levi or ChewBaccalaureates enough. For tonight was the night when two became one. No, wait that's not at all what happened. It was like Jed and Josh in "We Killed Yamamoto" or Jeremy and Natalie in "And the Crowd Goes Wild". For tonight, the continuing conflicts within the CPC Youth Group came to a head.  I'm going to recap this for the Comstocks and Paul, because they have every right to know. Tonight, Patty had us play the Hide and Go Seek game, with one of the younger girls as "it." She proceeded to hide in the bi-partisan bathroom (Okay, it's uni-sex, whatev.) So we looked and eventually everyone was gone, and decided that they were in the bathroom. So we tried to get in, but the entire youth group was inside that bathroom, and ended up deciding to keep us locked out. Eventually, I said "Screw It." and we went back to the room-thingy. I warmed up a pizza and munched on it while we waited for them to come back. I made the "I find you loathesome and my hatred of you knows no bounds joke" when they did. So they decide to do round 2, and Thomas volunteers to hide, in what is the only other hiding space in the entire church, the darkened Choir Closet/Room/Thing. So we're not exactly thrilled with playing it again, especially as they didn't really seem to want us to play it. So we sat and talked for a while, and Patty came out and asked why we weren't playing, and I said, "Wasn't fun the first time, won't be the second." which was pretty much one of my "call it as I see it moments", but it was patronizing and Marten chastised me for it. He was right, as usual. Eventually the collective group figured out that was only one other hiding spot in the entire church, so they found Thomas, and paraded back to the room-thingy. Thomas came and sat down with us, and we talked for a couple of minutes before worship.  Then Patty came.  She wasn't happy with us sitting out of the game, because it's a youth group and it's supposed to be one and not two groups and that the fact that we sat out sent the message that we were better than everyone else or something else "that [she] could not begin to fathom". So we went back to the room-thingy and we sat through the stiffest Worship session ever, and then Patty decided to "clear the air" which basically was yet another passive-aggressive attack on Erin, Marten and I not playing Hide and Go Seek. By then it was 7:30 and we all left.  I'm not going to editorialize. I'm just going to say two things.  1.) There's something wrong with a Youth Group expects High Schoolers to play Tag and Hide and Go Seek, week after week after week and also enjoy it. 2.) It's a two group Youth Group. The High Schoolers are going to segregate as their own group and The Girls segregate as their own group and with an age range as broad as the one at this group, it cannot be reasonably expected to function as one single group all the time.  I'm probably hypocritical in saying this, but the Youth Group isn't working. Considering that I just joined the group two months ago, I'm not a expert on the dynamics and structure of a Church Youth Group. But sometimes an outsider is able to see things that others miss. It's the whole principle behind editing. I'm not going to be able to change policy, that'll (probably) be Jonah and Thomas's jobs. But we need change, and we need it soon. For this youth group will unite or it will fall.  The ultimate starship is Alfre Woodard's forehead.
    


	 
      Okay, Since I'm too lazy to edit that post, bump every one down a week so that the first Con is the 11th of June and the last one is the 27 of August.  Also: Thomas is too busy. He's like a Comstock on steroids. He's going to be the first Compendium-er to have an ulcer. Or possibly drop dead of exhaustion.  The ultimate starship is Alfre Woodard's forehead.
    


	 
      Hey, Erin, guess what?  Stephanie Gunderson is going to Hanover.  Isn't that cool?  She remembers you from elementary and middle school and was excited to hear you were going.  Anyway, in other news: Today is the first day of the rest of my life, the last day of my life so far, and the middle day of a period of time which contains an amount of time before it and after it which are equal.  The point of all that? There is none. Enterprise is safe, at least for another year.  UPN is still to scared to axe Star Trek.  I'm happy, because I think the show is finally coming into it's own and getting pretty good.  It's still not level with TNG or DS9, but it's on Voyager or Original Series footing. Match up: 11 1/2 wins, because of the reason.  The square root of orange also wins, but only on a technicality.  Since I cannot surpass that level of weird, I will end the match-ups.  Some day, I will start a new feature, a great feature, an amazing feature, the feature to end all features.  But that day is not today! I only have one thing left to say to you, and this is it.
    


	 
      ...Who do you think I'm going to agree with?"  Okay Temporary JournalCon Dates:  June 1 - WestWingCon (Season 1) - 3:00 June 11 - AnimationCon! - 3:00 June 18 - WestWingCon (Season 2) - 3:00 July 9 - MovieCon! - 3:00  July 17 - MusicalCon! With Special Guest "Camp" - 4:00 August 27 -   FUTURECONS: "AngelCon!" "StarWarsCon!" and possibly, if the rest of us don't shoot it down "AnimeCon!"  I only have one thing left to say to you, and this is it.
    


	 
      I feel sad, and I don't know why... This has been going on for awhile now, and if anyone can inform me why I am sad, it would be greatly appreciated. In other news, section leaders, drum majors, band council members, and the concept/music of next years show were announced tonight. Jack McCarthy is now a drum major, which is a complete shock and joy. The trumpets will now be able to run the band through a puppet regime! The tyrannical reign of John Trippy is now officially over with the crowning of Natalie Perry, Becky Boruff, and Georgia Kuss as our new section leaders. Alice is also now a flute section leader. No one else knows the other section leaders. Our show next year will be completely awesome, but apparently I am not allowed to share with you what its concept is. I shall tell you all at a later time. On further note, school is almost over huzzah!! Congratulations to Marten, Jonah, and Nathan for all making Jeckyll and Hyde! By the time you read this, I will be 16! Finally.... I only have one thing left to say to you, and this is it.
    


	 
      Okay, when I created the calendar, I didn't do it for my own benefit. Don't say "I have Triennium, blah, blah, blah, fishcakes." Post it on the calendar. Thank you.   I'm open to hosting a double JournalCon. But I'm not sure that the current format of JournalCons (Watch TV, eat Pizza) would work well. I may be wrong. Float The West Wing by them and see what they think. I'm open to other idea (but I really don't think having them at any of the Bring-Your-Own-MovieCons is a good idea, we're pushing 24 hours of movie as it is.  Also, the Login for the calendar is your Last name, first initial, and your password has eight letters and rhymes with "assword". You can change it to meet your needs upon login.   I only have one thing left to say to you, and this is it.
    


	 
      My summer schedule is shaping up.  Jeckyll and Hyde, learning to drive, hopefully working with Somalian refugees, plus Triennium and Show Choir camp.  Besides all that, part of each day has to be devoted to working out for Show Choir season and relearning German II.  Hopefully there'll still be some time to relax. If not, though, I won't complain.  I'm learning how to enjoy the busy life.  I'm sure it's something that'll come in handy later in life.  I only have two things left to say to you, and that was one, and I guess technically that was the other one, which makes this the third so actually I'm already way over. 
    


	 
      Ok, I don't know whose autobiography that is, but it's a wicked good title.  Maybe for Martha Stewart.  Anyway, Nathan and I made chorus!  And so did Marten!  And Sarah and I were talking, and we want to have a double journalcon with the sushi people at some point.  Some of them are interested in meeting some of you or something. Paul, that is a strange project indeed, but I have a master plan to make mine awesome. Today's match-up.  11 1/2 vs the square root of an orange.  11 1/2 is armed with happiness, and the square root of an orange is clad in swiss cheese.  They are playing psychological death handball by notation. The results of the last match, which was kept a secret for government reasons, is that General Brooks won, but the Easter Bunny was darn close.  Everything else is classified. So, that's about it.   I only have one thing left to say to you, and this is it.
    


	 
      Okay, I'm officially through having ulcers trying to plan these JournalCons, so I've taken initiative. I've created a group schedule at Hunt Calendars. If you have something a week, please add it there so I don't have to go around and find all of you.   Gratias, Tibi Ago, Domine.  URL is here:  urlLink http://www.huntcal.com/cgi/calview.cgi/Compendium/JournalCon  I only have one thing left to say to you, and this is it.
    


	 
      Well, I'm flattered that everyone thinks my house would be a good place for con.  I'd be happy to have one of the many planned cons once schools out.  Also, Marten (there I spelled it right) do you still play magic?  If so, Tyler and I need a third person for and 3 on 3 sealed deck tournament on Saturday at the convention center.  Speaking of Tyler, he says his invitation to the blog has expired, would someone send him another one?  One last thing, I have the most bizarre final for AP world history.  I have to make a wood carving like ones made by the Maori peoples of New Zealand that represents me.  That's my final exam grade.  That is 25% of my grade.  How strange?   I only have one thing left to say to you, and this is it.  Nyerpe.
    


	 
      Basic Plan here.  WestWingCon: Season One 1.  Pilot 2.  A Proportional Response 3.  The Crackpots and These Women 4.  The Short List 5.  In Excelsis Deo 6.  Celestial Navigation 7.  20 Hours in LA 8.  Six Meetings Before Lunch 9.  Lies, Damn Lies and Statistics 10. What Kind of Day Has It Been  WestWingCon: Season Two   1.  In The Shadow of Two Gunmen, Part I 2.  In The Shadow of Two Gunmen, Part II 3.  The Midterms 4.  Shibboleth 5.  Galileo 6.  Noel 7.  17 People 8.  The Fall's Gonna Kill You 9.  18th & Potomac 10. Two Cathedrals  I only have one thing left to say to you, and this is it.
    


	 
      I have one day of high school left. It really hasn't hit me yet. It still seems like there's so much crap to do, and I don't think I'll be able to completely relax until I've seen my final grades. One Acts is tonight. Ha ha. That should be interesting. I can't believe I only have one more day as an active LC student. It's weird. It's scary. Hold me.  Irrelevant spoiler of the day: I am running out of irrelevant spoilers. I must consider changing their format. For today, how about this... Episode III will probably be nothing like the episode of Gilmore Girls I have to miss tonight because of the stupid One Acts. I would say that's pretty accurate.  I only have one thing left to say to you, and this is it.
    


	 
      Marten, I hate to bring your hopes down, but there were fifty-nine people there today, and at least twenty were guys.  We all still might have gotten in, but I certainly don't think any of us have it 'made'.  And Rachel tried out! And she danced like a whore!  Yay, Rachel!   I got called back, but not to sing.  I read for Utterson and then for Lord Savage, and then they told me to leave.  Six or seven guys stayed after I and four or five others were dismissed.  We're supposed to be called sometime tommorow.  Hopefully I'll be home. Since I won't post tommorrow: Happy Birthday Ashley, thanks for sharing 5 1/2 of your 192 months with me.   If you know what show my title is from you win a prize.  Family members not eligible.  I only have one thing left to say to you, and its-- AAAARGGGGggghhhhhhhh.
    


	 
      I realized the 28th didn't work after I posted it, but forgot to change it. I like the 4th though. Any Con invented by a person is held at that person's house. That means that they have to cover all expenses up to and including food and drink and also have to have comfy sitting area. Paul and the Comstocks have this, I've never been to the homes of Marten, Erin, Sophia, Thomas, Rachel or Tyler so I can't judge their homes yet, however, I'm allergic to cats, so I don't think Marten's house will work.  Okay Here's the schedule for Cons: MovieCon, WestWingCon, AnimationCon, WestWingCampCon, MusicalCon. We'll set dates to these when we get to that bridge.  Okay, Tim's a little bitch, so I have to go. Toodles!  I only have one thing left to say to you, and this is it.
    


	 
      Oops! I forgot to mention that May 28th totally doesn't work for me. It does something completely the opposite of working. As does every single day in May up until the 30th, (although I think either the 30th or the 31st is also off) and also June 4, 5, and 6. I suggest we do it sometime after school gets out but before June 4th. That's just my opinion. The 28th is my graduation rehearsal during the day and my cousin's graduation in the evening. Also, how about doing it at somebody else's house this time? Also, does anyone else have an opinion on what movie I'm bringing? Also, if everybody wants Love Actually we have to have a separate StarWarsCon. Before or after September when the OT DVD comes out is up to you.  When do I get to do the thingy at the bottom, and how?  Irrelevant spoiler: You see that? They did that with CGI.   I only have one thing left to say to you, and this is it.
    


	 
      Okay, Galaxy Quest, Munchausen, Lost In Translation, (my pick)Love Actually and Ferris Bueller are in, even though I have ideological objections with it and Matthew Broderick. Seriously if I had to pick an actor who did funny work in the eighties, let his career slip in the 90s and who does great stage work now, I'd pick  urlLink this guy . Broderick's just so smarmy! Although, he does get points for playing Bloom in The Producers. Still he impregnated Sarah Jessica Parker with his smarmy spawn and that is unacceptable!  By the way:  AnimationCon:  Erin: Rachel: Tyler: Paul: Jonah: Chicken Run Nathan:  Michael: Spirited Away Thomas: Sophia:DUMBO!!! Marten:  and...  MusicalCon: Erin: Camelot Rachel: Tyler: Paul: Jonah: Either Into the Woods or Newsies Nathan: Camp (if I can get a copy on DVD) Michael: The Sound of Music Thomas: Sophia:undecided...dangit. Marten: I only have one thing left to say to you, and this is it.
    


	 
      I'm going to take this opportunity to make a random post.  If Marten got one I do too.  But first, my vote is for Yoda Nader, the wicked cucumber of the west. Dynomite is not for use with mouths.  This is a valuable lesson, because when forgotten it leads to lots of corrective dental work.  And speaking of corrective dental work, The country of Nigeria is soon to be taken over by hungry penguins.  However, this is not as bad as it sounds.  Because soon after they've taken over they'll have lunch, and then they'll be normal non-hungry penguins.  and everyone knows that nonhungry penguins ae easily removed. Now onto wax: No. And now, onto the fifth chapter of the wombat.  A long time ago in a small glass jar, there wasn't a wombat.  Wasn't?  Uh oh, it must have escaped!!!! Oh no!  Watch out, it could be anywhere. Except Atlantic city. You know why?  Cause ur mom, that's why!  Boo-Yah! In conclusion, if you see my sanity, tell it it can stay in Hawaii, I'm doing just fine without it!   I only have one thing left to say to you, and it's that my pants are on fire!!!!
    


	 
      Yeah, pathetic title, I know.  Anyway, I have no idea what movie I want to bring.  You completely annhilated (i spelled that wrong, didn't I?  curse late nights and little sleep!) two of my favorite genres.  Does Silly Songs with Larry count as a musical?  Cuz I understand that Dumbo's out thanks to the AnimationCon and Grease and whatnot is out until MusicalCon or whatever it'll be called...why don't you have a "ChickFlickCon" too so that I'm further lost.  Yet not in translation.  Haha.  I'm hilarious.  Anyway, I still have no idea what movie to bring.  I'm sure Pirates of the Caribbean is taken or all bloggers are exhausted with the stunning performance of Johnny Depp.  But I DON'T KNOW what to bring!  I'll end up bringing a tape-turned-DVD of my 5th grade musical production thing and make ya'll sit through it.  Ha, how'd you like THAT?!  I only have one thing left to say to you, and this is it.
    


	 
      Well, boys and girls, as far as movie JournalCon goes, I would like to put it to a vote. It shall be either Attack of the Clones, because Michael hasn't seen it (complete with constant snarking, of course-- I wouldn't ask anyone to watch it with a straight face), or Love Actually. For those of you who don't feel informed enough to vote, I shall inform you. AOTC is a rollicking impressive CGI adventure into the Star Wars universe, critically acclaimed as "better than The Phantom Menace." It chronicles the beginning of the Clone Wars, which were made famous in A New Hope with the line, "You fought in the Clone Wars?" (Indeed he did, Luke. Indeed he did.) Obi-Wan Kenobi is sent off to hunt down assassins (See "Dex's Diner") while, for reasons beyond all comprehension, the Jedi Council decides to send Anakin Skywalker to guard Senator Padme Amidala's body. They go to a pretty secluded place and Ani proceeds to seduce the Senator very badly. (Featuring the Worst Pickup Line Ever! And Intense Staring!) This is okay, however, because the Senator is very bad at being seduced. She keeps saying things like, "Don't look at me like that. It makes me uncomfortable," and "You'll be expelled from the Order," and "It will destroy us." Silly Padme. The only way to solve this problem is, of course, to go to Tatooine. Then there's a battle. There's nothing like a near-death experience for finding the way to a woman's heart. Love Actually is, indeed, The Ultimate Romantic Comedy. I can't recap all the plots, because look how long it took me to do just one. Basically, there's a wedding, there's an affair, people fall in love, Christmas is all around me, and on Christmas you tell the truth, and American girls are easy, and Alan Rickman and Emma Thompson, and Hugh Grant dancing around because he's Prime Minister and Billy Bob Thornton is President, and Keira Knightley, and female half nudity, and Portugese, and Liam Neeson and the arrivals gate at Heathrow Airport, and love actually is all around.  I vote for Yoda. Do I even need to explain why?  Fanfic rec of last week ("You might not care," etc.): "Pinch in Time." It's a Discworld fic, Carrot and Angua. Basically, Angua tries to run away again, but this fic is different from all the others with this setup, because Carrot can't say "Don't." Because somebody broke his lifetimer. And now Angua and Death and a dwarf watchman and Susan have to find out who and why and save him. I don't know if it'll get finished, it hasn't been updated in a while, but it's good. Poor Angua. It sucks to be a werewolf. I only have one thing left to say to you, and this is it.
    


	 
      Nathan: If 40% of the running time of the movie has singing occuring, then it's a musical. Also, I'm considering an AnimationCon, so hold off on Animated movies too.  Also,  urlLink Monday   is a big day for Nathan and Marten.  Enjoy Boston, you two!  [Would have been funnier if it were Jonah and I, if you remember that one youth group meeting. plus nate has a girlfriend, making him immune to gay jokes-Marten]  I only have one thing left to say to you, and this is it.
    


	 
      Gospel Music rules, y'all.  Sophia, you missed a great show.  Just wanted to say that.  Ashley's birds apparently want me dead.  Except Ziggy.  I like Ziggy.  He hasn't bitten me yet.  Angel, on the other hand, tried to eat my face last night. [of course, knowing you two, Ashley probably did, too-Marten]    Michael:  Could you please define 'musical' for us.  It's a thin line sometimes.  I mean,there's movies with singing that aren't really musicals, but some people call them musicals.  And common musicals that are  technically  opera.  So I need to know exactly what you consider to be a musical before I choose a movie.  In other news, the lack of votes in the democratic primary resulted in a tie between Daniel and The Duckman, and the Duckman won that pong match.  Daniel, however is his running mate.  Palpatine has chosen Christopher Lee as his running mate.  Sharpton is running as an independant.  Now for the incredibly politically absurd and cheesy 'green party' election.  Nominees are: Kermit the Frog Yoda Larry the Cucumber The Wicked Witch of the West Ralph Nader (wearing green paint) SO GET OUT THERE AND VOTE. I only have one thing left to say to you, and this is it.  
    


	 
      I auditioned for Jekyll and Hyde today, and it went well, I suppose. I wasn't the first to be sent away, but not the last either. I'm pretty sure I've got atleast a chorus part. In terms of casting, at best I'm a pimp, at worst I'm a manservant. Ironic, isn't it?  I might try out for Fiddler on the Roof at Carmel Community theatre as a back up Meanwhile, check out the lobby! I sound good again!  I only have one thing left to say to you, and this is it.
    


	 
      Okay, I'm in the early stages of planning MovieJournalCon. Does May 28th work for everyone? (Marten and I will be in Vincennes--Thomas) It's the day that school ends, ergo it's a half day, and we're going to need extra time for all these movies anyway. So edit your choices for movies in here below.  RESTRICTIONS are ars follows:  *NO MUSICALS! (We're having a seperate JournalCon for them. So don't bring one.) *Nothing over 140 minutes in length.  * NOTHING ON VHS!  DVD ONLY.  This is an absolute must.  Ladies and Gentlemen, Pick Your Movies.  Erin:   Sophia:   Marten:  The Adventures of Baron Munchausen  Michael:  Lost In Translation  Jonah:  Galaxy Quest  Nathan: If Erin chooses Love Actually, I choose Episode II  Rachel:   Thomas:  Ferris Bueller's Day Off  Paul:  Dr. No  Tyler:   You invited all my friends! And, in a move that stresses quantity over quality, you also invited all my enemies.
    


	 
      Wow, Paul. It's only four years into the new millennium, so it might be a little early to pick the stupidest move yet. As of now, here are the nominees.  NBC greenlighting "Coupling" and "Whoopi": May 2002 The war in Iraq: March 2003 Sorkin leaving "The West Wing": May 2003 Terrorists deciding to invoke the wrath of a Republican President: September 2001 Paul spelling  Marten's   name wrong at Compendium of Stupidity: May 2004.  By the way, the titular speech is my persuasive speech, which I already posted on. I got the grade back and despite horrible horrible delivery, I still managed an 89. That's almost an A! Ha! What do you think of me now, suckas?   You invited all my friends! And, in a move that stresses  quantity over quality, you also invited all my enemies.
    


	 
      Because Martin correctly guessed the card from my last post he wins the very prestegious prize of nothing.  From now on, Who ever correctly guesses the card wins more nothing.  You invited all my friends! And, in a move that stresses quantity over quality, you also invited all my enemies.
    


	 
      I've got a massive splitting headache right now. The stupidest kid in an Algebra class chock full of stupid kids stole my special pen that Jonah gave me. I have to stay after school for Math Tutoring and ride the activity bus home, thanks to a deal with the  Federales . My name is Michael, and today is one of the longest days of my life.  Clever opening, huh? LC was interesting today, there was a house fire over by Harrison Hill and the smoke was being pumped into the ventilation system. Naturally, we smell smoke while in the Scene Shop. So we're freaking out because the scene shop is filled with paint (that's flame retardant, but still...), muslin, and a whole lot of wood. So we freak out until they find the source of the problem, namely the housefire on 56th St. We all had a good laugh about it afterwards. And by 'good laugh', I mean, not so much with the laughing, but more with the loud talking.  I'm ready to declare Hall Sweeps a massive failure. Teacher's aren't locking their doors. Students are being missed by the metaphorical "brooms". So it's a yet another spectacular failure by the LC Admistration that will go down in the Hall of Really Bad, Stupid, Ill-Concieved Ideas with  urlLink Edsels   and  urlLink The New Coke     Claire IMed me again last night and said "I think you're cute and I've had fun talking to you and I'd like you to ask me out." Okay, I totally added those last two, but she did say that she thought I was cute, which is a big deal...for me...  Eh...It'd never last.  urlLink LC/LN romances   never end up working out.  [Not to mention she's twice your size. It would be an LN Drama romance, only in reverse-Marten] Especially if you end up dating a girl who types with her face.  You invited all my friends! And, in a move that stresses quantity over quality, you also invited all my enemies.
    


	 
      I've got a massive splitting headache right now. The stupidest kid in an Algebra class chock full of stupid kids stole my special pen that Jonah gave me. I have to stay after school for Math Tutoring and ride the activity bus home, thanks to a deal with the  Federales . My name is Michael, and today is one of the longest days of my life.  Clever opening, huh? LC was interesting today, there was a house fire over by Harrison Hill and the smoke was being pumped into the ventilation system. Naturally, we smell smoke while in the Scene Shop. So we're freaking out because the scene shop is filled with paint (that's flame retardant, but still...), muslin, and a whole lot of wood. So we freak out until they find the source of the problem, namely the housefire on 56th St. We all had a good laugh about it afterwards. And by 'good laugh', I mean, not so much with the laughing, but more with the loud talking.  I'm ready to declare Hall Sweeps a massive failure. Teacher's aren't locking their doors. Students are being missed by the metaphorical "brooms". So it's a yet another spectacular failure by the LC Admistration that will go down in the Hall of Really Bad, Stupid, Ill-Concieved Ideas with  urlLink Edsels   and  urlLink The New Coke     Claire IMed me again last night and said "I think you're cute and I've had fun talking to you and I'd like you to ask me out." Okay, I totally added those last two, but she did say that she thought I was cute, which is a big deal...for me...  Eh...It'd never last.  urlLink LC/LN romances   never end up working out. Especially if you end up dating a girl who types with her face.  You invited all my friends! And, in a move that stresses quantity over quality, you also invited all my enemies.
    


	 
      Sorry to double post but this is really important!  But where do we fit in? How do I compare on the percentile-scale of true beauty? It's easy to find out! Here's the formula: "To do a self-analysis, draw an imaginary line from the pupil of your eye down toward your jaw. Draw a second line from the nostrils across your cheeks. The bottom of your cheekbone should fall at or below the intersection of these lines. If it is higher, your face may appear flat and masculine."  I am beautiful!  Next Time: The Trailer for The First Movie By Michael Christie. In Three Days, Brad Pitt is going to TRIM TIM: Volume One.  You invited all my friends! And, in a move that stresses quantity over quality, you also invited all my enemies.
    


	 
      First off, Jonah, I need to have WORDS with you. Yes, they warrant capitalization. They also involve a person that I hate, and have said so to you on numerous occasions. If you weren't Poet Laureate of the Blog, I'd so absolutely kill you right now, it's not even funny. Also, you forgot Rachel in your Blog celebration, which also isn't funny.  I gave my anti-PE speech today, and it was absolutely disasterous. I didn't get 30 seconds into the speech before every person in that room was looking at me like "Oh my God, what is that crazy [white] boy thinking?". I just had not cards so a lot of the eloquency got lost in translation and I just stumbled through a my outline. It was awful. I have one word for Hall.  urlLink Tele-Prompter . Actually that's two words joined with a hyphen. My bad.  You invited all my friends! And, in a move that stresses quantity over quality, you also invited all my enemies.
    


	 
      I'm out of the archives of Triangle and Robert! Woo!  Thankyou Jonah, for the wonderful anniversary post.  I smiled many a time.   I have only one thing left to say, and that is at the end of this post.  
    


	 
      So, I failed to mention that Ashley was cofounder of Ah, my aching sushi.  This led to some fighting and...(I'm editing out Ashley's sn, in case she'd rather it not be all over the net) The Squid3188: I'm really sorry about all the killing Ashley: It's ok The Squid3188: But noe you're a creepy undead zombie Ashley: I know Ashley: And I want to avenge my death The Squid3188: crap Ashley: Hmm... A: And considering that you killed me A: .... A: Hmmm The Squid3188: The Devil made me do it The Squid3188: I mean A: I don't but that The Squid3188: It was nathan A: *buy A: I don't buy that either The Squid3188: he was secretly having an affair with Sarah A: I think you did it all on your own The Squid3188: so they plotted to trick me into posting the founder thing The Squid3188: so you'd attack me, and I'd have no choice but to kill you off A: I never attacked you A: I just blamed you for my death The Squid3188: even now they're off in the mountains toasting your death and laughing maniacly A: I know! A: I've known all along! A: YOu see, they had you do that, so that I'd kill YOU off The Squid3188: but why do I care if they're having an affair? A: You don't A: But they are evil adn wanted to kill you off A: THey had this idea that you'd interfer A: SO they got me to do it after I dies A: *died The Squid3188: but you won't A: But I will The Squid3188: that'd be playing right into the hands of the girl who betrayed you, took your boyfriend, and plotted the circumstances that led to your death! A: Right A: Give me a good reason not to The Squid3188: I'm on your side!  We're both victims.  But with my superpowers and your zombieness, we can defeat them A: Hmmm.... A: But what good would it do me? A: I'm already dead A: What do I care A: I could just kill you and then you and I could be dea together A: See? A: I'd have sompany The Squid3188: you said you wanted to avenge your death A: Yes A: ANd kill you The Squid3188: this is the way to do it The Squid3188: actually, no The Squid3188: you should kill me The Squid3188: that would teach them to run off with each other The Squid3188: we'll run off to a place they can't follow The Squid3188: very poetic A: Hmmm A: This reminds me of A midsummer night's dream A: But I don't know A: OR! A: I could kill you A: And then you coul kill off Nathan and I could kill off Sarah A: ANd so they'd also be dead The Squid3188: you know we'll all go to hell as murderers A: True A: Or I could just let you do the killing without killing you The Squid3188: Or we could end all the bloodshed and just have a big musical number A: OKay A: But I am still dead A: :-( The Squid3188: but if you can IM from beyond the grave, you should be able to sing A: Treu  You invited all my friends! And, in a move that stresses quantity over quality, you also invited all my enemies.
    


	 
      I would like all of here at Compendium to give Jonah a huge round of applause for producing that amazing 500th post celebration! (And I say big I mean disc world big, like four elephants on the back of a turtle floating through space big). Edit in all your big rounds of applause for Jonah! Yay Jonah!!! Laurence Fishburne (from Maui): Go Jonah! -You invited all my friends! And, in a move that stresses quantity over quality, you also invited all my enemies.
    


	 
      Announcer: Welcome, ladies and gentlemen to the Compendium of Stupidity once-in-a-lifetime event, the night you've all been waiting for, well, okay, the night some of you have briefly waited for and the rest of you don't know or care about, welcome to...    THE COMPENDIUM OF STUPIDITY 500 POST SPECTACULAR!    with your host, William Shatner! *Stunning lack of Applause* William Shatner:  Hi, I'm...   William Shatner.  Some of you...  May know me as... Captain James T. Kirk from....  Star Trek.  But today, I'm here to... host this... spectacular event. But first a... word from Jonah Comstock. Jonah: Guys, I'm really sorry.  It was a last minute thing, and he was the only celebrity I could get!  Really!  Laurence is in MAui, and all the good Star Trek actors have too much pride. Jonathan Frakes: Not me!  I'll do it!  Didn't you see the will work for food sign! Shatner:  Quiet you! Jonah: (Awkward pause)  Anyway, I'm sure he won't be too bad. Shatner:  Thank you... Jonah.  I'm supposed to.... introduce our first... speaker.  But, instead I'm going to... sing a song from my next... solo album. Donald Trump: You're Fired. Jonah:  He's so right.  Hey Donald, you want to host. Trump:  No, but I am interested in buying out this blog. Jonah:  We'll work this out.  Mean while, let's welcome our first guest, Marten. Marten:  Sometime ago, I started this fine blog late on a friday night. Maybe it was thursday,or some other night all together. The point is that I started it. and Nate didn't. Sure he was there, but it was my machine, dram it. I posted first. It was about thinking I was pregnant because of an irrational craving for peanuts. I'm glad I'm male.  Also, just because Michael had the first blog doesn't mean it was his idea. Jerry Springer:  We didn't tell Marten, but we've brought fellow bloggers Nathan and Michael to the studio. (At this point the words "He took credit for my blog and is sleeping with my mother" appear at the bottom of the screen) Nathan: You're taking credit for my blog! Michael:  And you're sleeping with my mother! (A humorous fight ensues, until the security finally tear them apart) Announcer:  We'll be back after these messages. Message 1:  The doctor called to confirm your appointment for 3:00 Message 2:  The Germans! They're invading! Ahhh! Message 3:  Don't do drugs. Announcer:  By "messages", I kinda meant advertisements. Messages:  Like anyone would pay to advertise on this show. Announcer: What ever.  Welcome back to the 500 post spectacular, with your host The Olsen Twins. Mary Kate (Or possibly Ashley):  You know, we ARE two people! The other one: Did you see that, Ashley?  Our speaker credits are even mixed up. Mar- Ash- Who cares?: That's it.  We are so leaving.  The next guest is somebody. Thomas: I have loved this blog like a child. I can't believe it's 500 now! It seems like yesterday when this blog was 10! It may seem like I ignored the blog for awhile, but it was a secret affair between the blog and I. (Thomas winks a huge wink at the camera) Jonah:  I kinda need to buy some time here. Trump:  Well, now that you mention it Jonah:  Quiet you!  Anyway, here's Amaris "Sarah" Moon, founder of Compendium-based blog "Oh my aching sushi." Sarah:  Compendium is the sole reason for my existence, the lone joy in my life, the one truth in a world of darkness. Without Compendium, there would be no such thing as "Oh, My Aching Sushi!" (collective gasp) Compendium is my inspiration to go out and make a difference in the world.  It has made me learn to stop and wonder about the big things in life, such conundrums as whether the staff at McDonald's is actually conspiring against me every time they forget the cheese on my Cheddar Melt. I owe everything to Compendium. Adam West:  Wow.  That was beautiful.  By the way, I'm Adam West.  You might remember me as Batman.  Remember Batman?  Wasn't he cool?  Wasn't I cool?  Cooler than Toby Macguire.  I mean what kind of super hero is a nerd? Jonah: *ahem* Adam West:  I'm here to tell you about how you can make money in your sleep. Jonah: *ahemhem* Adam West:  I mean, our next guest is Taul Pyler, who recently suffered a cloning accident, but is both a new blogger and a prospective one. Pyler:  Hi, I'm Tyler.  Or Paul.  Nevermind.  Anyway, I've only been with Compendium a little while but... Wait a minute, I'm not on Compendium yet, I'm still no wait.  I've got a headache.  No I don't! Announcer:  And that's all we have time for.  Now, to finish off this magical night, a montage of past templates  All characters portrayed in this blog are fictional. Any resemblence to a real person, living or dead is one hell of a coincidence.  SQEE! SQUEE! SQ(U)EE! Yar, This Be a Super Ball! ~.... what's that guy's name, anyway? Sit Ubu, Sit. Good Dog.  Woof!  I don't like it. I don't like it at all.  It's okay! I had Subway!  Whats the point of calling it a laptop if you're not supposed to use it on your lap?  Good Lord, there's a modem in my shoe! He'll try to tuck and roll, but it won't work because he has square pants  Does my sexiness offend you?  Wacky is filling your car's gas tank with 3-octane gasoline. Absurd is filling your car's tank with a ferret.  I fell down the chimney onto a flaming goose! Well, rotate my vertices and call me a trapezoid!  I know from sparrows to starlings. After that, everything's a duck, as far as I'm concerned.  Oy with the fishcakes already!  Stop Kemps! We're playing Euchre! The vegetable must be destroyed. The vegetable must NOT be destroyed!  History is about to crack wide open. Millennium Approaches.  History is about to crack wide open. Hold on to something.  History is a giant crack. Sorry, I couldn't help myself  But you could be having sex with Yoko Ono right now!  It's the smell of freedom... and the chemicals they treat your dashboard with.  But you also find yourself saying 'Natalie, if you screw that up again I'll set you on fire.'  Shut up, Carrie. You don't want a baby. You want shoes. Tammy's testicle ad may compromise our ability to win this task.  Stop this war! Shame on you, Hobbits!  It arrests this war, his disonore of the main extremities of the title!  That's Adorable! Justice makes it giggle! Nothing ruins an evening at the movies like being struck down by the wrath of God.  Anyway, he seems like he'd be the guy who scores drugs for everyone, except there are never any drugs in musicals. He says he can get a "samurai sword" and some "grass skirts." Huh? What the hell are people into on this island?  This car belongs to the evil Dr. Stegman, who parks in spots that don't belong to him and finds Andrew McCarthy to be petulant and oddly short.  It's raining turkeys; what more do you need?!  It came with a matching tie, using a liberal definition of the term "matching" They're both made of fabric? Pretty much.'  It's time to bring this ship into the shore, and throw away the oar forever.  Why shake hands when we can shake...other things? Like Lips.  The Betty-one looks drowsy!  Oh my God, you're putting my mother's cats on the Supreme Court. It is his love, it is his life, it is his fault he didn't lock the garage!  You invited all my friends! And, in a move that stresses quantity over quality, you also invited all my enemies. Robo-host:  Well, that was just wonderful, wasn't it?  So many memories.  Now blog member Sophia would like to say a few words. Sophia: I just wanted- Robo-host: Word limit of few(def: 3) words reached.  Discontinue talking. Now, we'll conclude with Erin, who is with us via satellite. Erin:  Do I get to talk? Or are you going to cut me off? (pause for answer) Robo-host: 5 second pause signifies talking finished.  That's our show, goodnight everyone.  (Robo-host explodes)
    


	 
      Whoa, I don't check in for a few days and bang everything is all...blue.  I kind of like it though.  Anyways, I got a new cello, and its a vast improvement over my old crappy cello with a crack in it.  What else, Oh yeah, I'm going to be on Cats eye next year.  For you LC people, its LN's news/announcment show.  I'll probably get stuck with some boring job like lighting though.  Also I played in a magic tournament and did really bad.  You wouldn't believe how anal some people are about the rules.    In a high whiney voice  "No, you can't play that because your second main phase is over and that signifies that all damage on the stack is removed so you'll have to wait until my upkeep to do that, and then it won't do you any good.  Gosh did you like learn to play yesterday or something?" pshht Did you learn to play with a stick up your butt or something?  What a loser, even though I lost that one.  Well, I'm done.  You invited all my friends! And, in a move that stresses quantity over quality, you also invited all my enemies
    


	 
      I'm taking advantage of an altogether to brief respite in my incredibly busy life to complain about it.  I'm doing too much, and it's driving me insane.  I'll skip on the details.  But basically, I'm about to find out how much one person can take before he just shuts down.   Come spring pops show Wednesday at 7:00.  It's the only chance you'll get to see my hip and trendy disco attire.  Trust me, you don't want to miss it. My pants are tight and flair at the bottom.  It is most humorous. When things cool down and I have time, I'm gonna get my new blog up.  It will contain most humorous recaps of my life, leaving this blog for more intelligent discussion.  Things cool down around May 30th, btw. No.  The title makes no sense.  Don't ask.  You invited all my friends! And, in a move that stresses quantity over quality, you also invited all my enemies.
    


	 
      Okay, I'm grounded for a couple of days, so my posts will happen early in the morning, during lunch and after my parents go to sleep. Because I'm all about the circumvention.  I kind of miss the ability to read previous posts so that you could respond to things in them. That was cool. Damn. I just realized that I screwed up the Corndog link. I'm going to fix that now. I had something I wanted to say, but I totally forget what it was now.  You invited all my friends! And, in a move that stresses quantity over quality, you also invited all my enemies.
    


	 
      So, I fixed MIchael's changes to the template and deleted that useless Previous Posts thing.  However, I'm not sure it'll publish, because the stupid thing has said 19% for sometime now. Ok, it worked, but I still can't figure out why our sidebar migrates to the bottom.  It's quite annoying.  You invited all my friends! And, in a move that stresses quantity over quality, you also invited all my enemies.
    


	 
      The new format's cool, but the links and cruft is all down at the bottom.... how'd that happen? oh, and when Im too lazy to find a web comic quote, Im using the random advertising slogan generator to come up with a title  You invited all my friends! And, in a move that stresses quantity over quality, you also invited all my enemies.
    


	 
      The blue doesn't seem to be the classic Compendium style... Oh well. BOOO! Scared you! -You invited all my friends! And, in a move that stresses quantity over quality, you also invited all my enemies.
    


	 
      Okay, I fixed the links and changed blog format. It took a long time, so my friends, if you want to change it back to the boring-ass format we had before, you can do that, we’re all administrators here. You can conquer the blog, like Charlemenge, but you better be prepared to fix the links aftwerwards and that takes frigging forever!    You invited all my friends! And, in a move that stresses quantity over quality, you also invited all my enemies.
    


	 
      Marten, I'll fix your damn links when I get around to it. Blogger is awesome now, and since autistic people don't adjust well to change that's really big coming from me.  I would like to change the format. We're at 8 months. We're a blog in our prime, we're a prime blog.  Anyway, I really don't have anything to say. I sleep now. Not literally actually. It's more of a metaphorical sleep.  You invited all my friends! And, in a move that stresses quantity over quality, you also invited all my enemies.
    


	 
      I don't think I've ever made this much more sense than Erin, except maybe durring our arguement about whether or not a werewolf would change while she was pregnant.  LuckEdc: Can you melt down anvils? MysteriousBob87: probably MysteriousBob87: i mean, how else would you make one? LuckEdc: well... you could carve it... out of... iron... rocks. MysteriousBob87: ... MysteriousBob87: no. you cant. LuckEdc: why not? MysteriousBob87: because. iron rocks wouldnt be carved LuckEdc: but why? MysteriousBob87: if they were weak enough to be carved then you couldnt bang hot sheets of metal on them without messing up the anvil LuckEdc: well, that's just the problem, isn't it. because you bang HOT metal on the anvils and so they could'nt be melted down. so where are the anvils now? MysteriousBob87: the hot metal isnt melted metal MysteriousBob87: its just hot MysteriousBob87: ive got one in my garage actually LuckEdc: but it would make the anvil hot, so the anvil would melt. MysteriousBob87: no it wouldnt LuckEdc: maybe that's where they are. they're all in people's garages. MysteriousBob87: you cant melt an anvil with something that isnt hot enough to be melted itself LuckEdc: hmmm... LuckEdc: point: marten MysteriousBob87: w00t!  On a side note, Blogger is annoying now! I want my links back! screw profiles, if they want to know who I am they can read the Archives. I sound like triangle complaining at the cartoonist...  You invited all my friends! And, in a move that stresses quantity over quality, you also invited all my enemies.
    


	 
      We have a fansite! That's so cool! In other things, since there are like a dozen new schemes, in the spirit of "Change is Good", we should redesign Compendium. It'll be like that episode of The Simpsons with the Flaming Moe, and they change the bar style. We'll have a understated yet elegant monogram at the top of the page! Ha! Yeah, right. If we revamp with this crowd it's going to look like  urlLink Circus Circus . But it might eliminate the Italicization of Mass Destruction. Just an idea...  I'm extending an invitation to anyone at Compendium who is free on the 22nd of May (and who are not Erin or Thomas) and wants to go to a TWoPcon in Lafayette. It'll be fun!  You invited all my friends! And, in a move that stresses quantity over quality, you also invited all my enemies.
    


	 
      False alarm, never mind... Don't know what I'm talking about? Sounds like a who can guess competition to me! There could be cookies awarded! All are eligible for entrance accept for Michael, who already knows. If you ask him, certain death shall befall you! Cookie Cookie Cookie! -It is his love, it is his life, it is his fault he didn't lock the garage!
    


	 
      I've officially decided to stop including people's names in this title scheme.  I am posting to say that we appear to have been  urlLink copied!  They want to make sure we aren't offended, so if anyone is, post and let me know.  Otherwise they officially have our okay.  Others of you are probably wondering who they are.  One is Nate's girlfriend.  The other two are not. Also: Resolving the "Wal" match-up. "today I'm setting up a big match involving a walrus, a walleye, a wallet, a walnut, a wall, Walt Disney, and Wally from DIlbert. The will battle it out at Wal-Mart. They may only use weapons purchased at Wal-Mart and have ten dollars to spend. I'm giving all inatimate object telekinesis with a three foot range that can't be used on people directly." I assumed the walrus ate the walleye right off.  Wally probably ate the walnut, telekinesis or none.  Walt Disney spent his 10 dollars on a pad of paper and a pencil, hoping to animate something vicious.  Unfortunately he stashed the money in the Wallet, which added it to it's own and used it to buy a sledge hammer, which it started hacking at the wall.  The wall collapsed on the wallet, killing it, and used it's telekinesis to hurl the sledge hammer at the Walrus, which was too big too dodge it.  Meanwhile, Disney used the little money he had to buy a fifty cent eraser, and erased Wally. He used Wally's money to buy a pen and paper and animated a wrecking ball to take out the wall.  Therefore, Walt Disney wins!   You invited all my friends! And, in a move that stresses quantity over quality, you also invited all my enemies.
    


	 
      You guys won't believe this one:          You're France!      Most people think you're snobby, but it's really just that    you're better than everyone else.  At least you're more loyal to the real    language, the fine arts, and the fine wines than anyone else.  You aren't    worth beans in a fight, unless you're really short, but you're so good at other    things that it usually doesn't matter.  Some of your finest works were    intended to be short-term projects.   Roman">Take the  urlLink Country Quiz   at the  urlLink Blue Pyramid       And, less surprisingly:        You're  The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe !   by C.S. Lewis     You were just looking for some decent clothes when everything changed quite dramatically. For the better or for the worse, it is still hard to tell. Now it seems like winter will never end and you feel cursed. Soon there will be an epic struggle between two forces in your life and you are very concerned about a betrayal that could turn the balance. If this makes it sound like you're re-enacting Christian theological events, that may or may not be coincidence. When in doubt, put your trust in zoo animals.      Take the  urlLink Book Quiz  at the  urlLink Blue Pyramid .     It is his love, it is his life, it is his fault he didn't lock the garage!
    


	 
      You're Thailand! Calmer and more staunchly independent than almost all those around you, you have a long history of rising above adversity.  Recent adversity has led to questions about your sexual promiscuity and the threat of disease, but you still manage to attract a number of tourists and admirers.  And despite any setbacks, you can really cook a good meal whenever it's called for.  Good enough to make people cry.  My book quiz was a tie, because my opinion of stream of consciousness depends on the context. Now, look: Isn't this second one creepy?  You're Ulysses! by James Joyce Most people are convinced that you don't make any sense, but compared to what else you could say, what you're saying now makes tons of sense. What people do understand about you is your vulgarity, which has convinced people that you are at once brilliant and repugnant. Meanwhile you are content to wander around aimlessly, taking in the sights and sounds of the city. What you see is vast, almost limitless, and brings you additional fame. When no one is looking, you dream of being a Greek folk hero.   You're The Mists of Avalon! by Marion Zimmer Bradley You're obsessed with Camelot in all its forms, from Arthurian legend to the Kennedy administration. Your favorite movie from childhood was "The Sword in the Stone". But more than tales of wizardry and Cuban missiles, you've focused on women. You know that they truly hold all the power. You always wished you could meet Jackie Kennedy.  
    


	 
      Or Things I'm Irrationally Pissed At: TV Edition!   ABC:  Thank You, ABC. Thank you for delivering a kick-ass episode of Alias last week. However making us wait two weeks for the finale? Not Cool. Airing 232 minutes of Harry fucking Potter? Not cool. ESPECIALLY SINCE THE MOVIE IS 152 MINUTES LONG! I'm absolutely not seeing the next crap-ass installment of this crap-ass movie franchise. I'm thrilled it made Fametracker's inessential movie list. Go screw yourself, Rowling!   The Swan:  Because it's wrong. And they replaced Wonderfalls with reruns of this misogynistic crap disguised as entertainment. Hell, all FOX reality is misogynistic crap.  And I'm spent. Good night and have a pleasant tomorrow. It is his love, it is his life, it is his fault he didn't lock the garage!
    


	 
      Bloody hell, it happened again! everything posted before the book and country thing is italisized.  It is his love, it is his life, it is his fault he didn't lock the garage!
    


	 
      >       You're    Liechtenstein!      Most folks don't take you that seriously, but you really make    a big deal out of being independent.  You don't do a whole lot for other    people, but you make the best of the resources available to you.  You really    like snow.  And mountains.  And being independent.  And you're    probably pretty small.   Take the  urlLink Country Quiz  at the  href="http://bluepyramid.org">Blue Pyramid            You're  The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe !   by C.S. Lewis     You were just looking for some decent clothes when everything changed quite dramatically. For the better or for the worse, it is still hard to tell. Now it seems like winter will never end and you feel cursed. Soon there will be an epic struggle between two forces in your life and you are very concerned about a betrayal that could turn the balance. If this makes it sound like you're re-enacting Christian theological events, that may or may not be coincidence. When in doubt, put your trust in zoo animals.      Take the  urlLink Book Quiz  at the  urlLink Blue Pyramid .    It is his love, it is his life, it is his fault he didn't lock the garage!
    


	 
      Huh, Iceland.  It kinda makes sense, if you replace cold and forbidding with something else. Not sure what the best words would be...  Orchestra: We lost.  Okay, we got second place. But we should have got first.  And it's bugging me more than I thought it would.  I just came expecting to win and have it not really be a big thing, then when we didn't it's like, WTF mate?  And they called it runner up, too.  It's not second place, it's runner up.  It's like saying, "you were almost the best, but they beat you and you're losers."   But enough about that!  Afterward it was the best day ever! I left with Mowi and Celeste, and we went to weird Japanese stores with imported candy and stuff.  It was awesome! The weirdest stuff ever, it tastes great.  I found Shrimp flavored chips.  Then we went to Mowi's uber-awesome house and watched AKIRA.  It's freakin weird.  Don't ever watch it unless you really want to.  Food was great.   It is his love, it is his life, it is his fault he didn't lock the garage!
    


	 
      And now my real post.  I have a reason for not putting all this in the last post, but I don't feel like typing it right now.   We got 8th at State!  When you consider that it's out of, like 321 choirs, thats not bad.  Everyone was really awesome.  It was fun. Tracy found my dream log by typing her name into a search engine and got all creeped out, so I'm going through and misspelling everyone's names on it.  I'm to tired to type coherently anymore so I'm going to bed.  Night! It is his love, it is his life, it is his fault he didn't lock the garage!
    


	 
      p>      You're Ireland!      Mystical and rain-soaked, you remain mysterious to many people, and this  makes you intriguing.  You also like a good night at the pub, though many are just as  worried that you will blow up the pub as drink your beverage of choice.  You're good  with words, remarkably lucky, and know and enjoy at least fifteen ways of eating a potato.   You really don't like snakes.   Roman">Take the  urlLink Country Quiz  at  the  urlLink Blue Pyramid       p>     You're  Catch-22 !   by Joseph Heller     Incredibly witty and funny, you have a taste for irony in all that you see. It seems that life has put you in perpetually untenable situations, and your sense of humor is all that gets you through them. These experiences have also made you an ardent pacifist, though you present your message with tongue sewn into cheek. You could coin a phrase that replaces the word "paradox" for millions of people.      Take the  urlLink Book Quiz  at the  urlLink Blue Pyramid .     It is his love, it is his life, it is his fault he didn't lock the garage!  
    


	 
              You're Iceland!      Most people think you're a cold and forbidding person, but    you're actually naturally warm and inviting.  People just get scared off    by what other people have led them to believe about you.  You keep to yourself    for the most part, and are pretty good at fending for yourself, especially if    water's involved.  More people should visit you and find out the truth.        You're  The Guns of August !   by Barbara Tuchman     Though you're interested in war, what you really want to know is what causes war. You're out to expose imperialism, militarism, and nationalism for what they really are. Nevertheless, you're always living in the past and have a hard time dealing with what's going on today. You're also far more focused on Europe than anywhere else in the world. A fitting motto for you might be "Guns do kill, but so can diplomats."      Take the  urlLink Book Quiz  at the  urlLink Blue Pyramid .    It is his love, it is his life, it is his fault he didn't lock the garage!
    


	 
             You're Ireland!      Mystical and rain-soaked, you remain mysterious to many people, and this  makes you intriguing.  You also like a good night at the pub, though many are just as  worried that you will blow up the pub as drink your beverage of choice.  You're good  with words, remarkably lucky, and know and enjoy at least fifteen ways of eating a potato.   You really don't like snakes.   Roman">Take the  urlLink Country Quiz  at  the  urlLink Blue Pyramid             You're  Watership Down !   by Richard Adams     Though many think of you as a bit young, even childish, you're actually incredibly deep and complex. You show people the need to rethink their assumptions, and confront them on everything from how they think to where they  build their houses. You might be one of the greatest people of all time. You'd be recognized as such if you weren't always talking about talking rabbits.      Take the  urlLink Book Quiz  at the  urlLink Blue Pyramid .      I was so excited to get Ireland until I realized that they implied that I was an alcoholic.  Craptastic.  Anyway, had a great time at JournalCon!  Bye all!  It is his love, it is his life, it is his fault he didn't lock the garage!
    


	 
      My results in the "Which Country Are You Quiz" and "Which Book Are You Quiz"          You're Singapore!      You're small but well-built and people are a little afraid    of you.  You might even walk with a cane that people find somewhat menacing,    rather than seeing it as an aid to your mobility.  You like an urban lifestyle,    with little time for nature or the more rural pleasures of life.  This    fast-paced lifestyle suits you, and you wish everyone around you would just    shape up.   Take the  urlLink Country Quiz  at the  href="http://bluepyramid.org">Blue Pyramid             You're  Inherit the Wind !   by Jerome Lawrence and Robert E. Lee     To you, the learning process is inherently about controversy. If people aren't having their minds stretched, how could they possibly be learning? This makes you a good but unpopular teacher, and the people around you are ready to make it a federal case. All you're asking them to do is evolve a little. But they would like you to be more creative. You would make an excellent lawyer, even though people think you love monkeys.      Take the  urlLink Book Quiz  at the  urlLink Blue Pyramid .     It is his love, it is his life, it is his fault he didn't lock the garage!
    


	 
      I really am feeling good. It took every ounce of strength to get me through today, and I came home and checked Damn Hell Ass Kings, which led me to find out that there's a new Six Feet Under teaser trailer on HBO.com (Seriously, go check it out. It's the most awesome and bizarre thing of all time. If you haven't seen Peter Krause lip-sync "Feeling Good" by Nina Simone, you haven't seen Shakespeare the way it's meant to be seen.)  Speaking of that, I want to bring everyone (Paul, Rachel, Sophia) up to speed on Sports Night. With that in mind... Previously on Sports Night: Casey loved Dana. Dan liked Rebecca but got smacked down when she went back to her idiot husband. Dana had a brother that played in the NFL. Natalie and Jeremy hooked-up and had several annoying fights. Issac had a stroke. There was an audio recap/montage, and season one was over.  It is his love, it is his life, it is his fault he didn't lock the garage!
    


	 
      Okay, Nathan. I'll set up a mattress on the other side of the basement for you to get six hours of sleep. Pizza is going to be one cheese (for me), one pepperoni, one half red onion and pineapple. Dig?  My house, 5:30, 7th of May.   It is his love, it is his life, it is his fault he didn't lock the garage!
    


	 
      Well, its happened again.  Something very creepy and ironic has happened to me. Here I am sitting in the library of my mom's school, Mary Castle.  I'm sitting at a computer right next to a wall rsvping for Mighael's thing with pizza.  When I finish, I just happen to look to my left and what should I see taped to the wall 5 inches from my head?  A paper that explaning what a blog or weB LOG is.  Now is that just about the most creepy and ironic thing you've ever heard or what?!  I mean what are the chances of that?  Maybe I'm just being paranoid or maybe someone just out of earshot is having a good laugh.  All I know is that I need to finish my homework so I'm done.  It is his love, it is his life, it is his fault he didn't lock the garage!
    


	 
      RSVP HERE! Also add Preferred Pizza Topping.  Erin:RSVP. Those toppings are fine with me. Marten:  Thomas: Pepperoni and red onion for me. Stuff Crust if possible. I am rsvping Jonah: Not onion or mushroom, other than that whatever.  I'm a fan of pineapple but I'm guessing I'm alone. Nathan: Meat of any sort and tomato.  I'll warn you, I'm gonna have toget at least 6 hours of sleep, no question.  State competition saturday. Paul:rsvping, pepperoni, and I'd like to know what and when I'm rsvping for. Rachel: Sophia:RSVPing, I believe.  I majorly heart veggie pizza...but if nothing else...green onion.  Yummy! Tyler:  It is his love, it is his life, it is his fault he didn't lock the garage!
    


	 
      Paul, you idiot! You're invited to JournalCon! In other news, I'm in the library! They weren't core 40-ing today, so I got in! And after I  schlepped   The binder of West Wing season one recaps to school!  Also, I'm coming (and also recapping) Meeting of the Minds tonight. And if I remembered the date (the 22nd?) I'd go to the LN one too.  It is his love, it is his life, it is his fault he didn't lock the garage!
    


	 
      First of all, I would like to say happy birthday to Michael (I'll see you in youth group for your birthday hits).  Well, here I am on the verge of a 4 hour AP world history test.  Why, do you ask, am I squandering precious study time to write a post on how I am squandering my precious study time?  Because I... uh... AHHH!! I'VE GOT TO GO STUDY!!!      It is his love, it is his life, it is his fault he didn't lock the garage!
    


	 
      Okay, Sars just wrapped up the Famous Ghost Monologues today. And from what I've seen, it'd make an awesome one-act play. And even though Horrigan would never go for it, it would make an awesome play. Seriously, it'd be cheap as hell too. Costumes, makeup, lights and some props. No sets. No Backdrops. No Special Effects. And if we don't do them here, I'd absolutely love to do one or two at the CPC Talent Show. It is his love, it is his life, it is his fault he didn't lock the garage! 
    


	 
      Okay, I did the title and the description. I'm officially declaring May 3rd-7th "Michael's Birthday Week!" The Comstocks thought too small, ha ha for them. They didn't get a week. They got three days. HA! I mock them!  It is his love, it is his life, it is his fault he didn't lock the garage!
    


	 
      haha, sorry, stupid name.  I thought of an awesome one last night but then I promptly forgot it.  Oh woe is me.  Is that how you spell woe?  Anyway.  THIS WEEKEND WAS AWESOME!  Saturday we got a doggie!!!!!  Her name's Martie (short for Martini...at least that's what I say) and she's part doberman so she's colored like that...black and brown...and has a brown eye and a blue eye.  Isn't that awesome?!  She's the sweetest dog you'd ever meet, too.  Yay for doggies!  But then, after that, I SAW BEN FOLDS!!!!!!  OMG.  The only reason I'm telling you guys is because my TOD isn't working.  BUT HE WAS A-M-A-Z-I-N-G!!  I would have his children ANYDAY.  haha, sorry Marten.  :D  If you have never heard of Ben Folds you should wear the hat of shame.  He is God.    It is his love, it is his life, it is his fault he didn't lock the garage!
    


	 
      There's only one question this week.   What would you like other people to say about you if you weren't there?   Michael : "He'll kill you. And then he'll go to work on you."  Jonah : "Nobody is as awesome as Jonah.  If there were an emperor of awesome, it would be he.  One time, I looked up awesome in the dictionary and saw his picture.  And not just any picture - an awesome picture.  It showed him being awesome by driving an awesome car into a pool of flaming sharks.  And that's what he does on his less awesome days.  Most of the time he's like 10 times as awesome as that."  Nathan "Wow, that Nathan, he sure isn't gay.  Not gay at all.  Totally un-gay.  So not gay, he's straight," (girls)'I'm happy" (guys) "Too bad"   Sophia "Yeah, she's a really great girl once you get to know her.  I promise, she's not always psychotic!"  Marten  "Cool. Original, but classic. That guy is even more awesome than Jonah." but the conversation is more likely to go like this: "what a loser." "shut up! he's cool" "isn't.""ass" the second person probably being Thomas. I think I took this one too far.  It is his love, it is his life, it is his fault he didn't lock the garage!
    


	 
      School is wearying.  Another wasted srt. That Career Day was the most waste of time thing that I have ever been to. I signed up for Government/Social Services and Performing Arts/Arts.  Well the first one that I went to was the government. Or so I thought... It turns out that they had gotten and a policeman and a fireman to come to educate about two careers that I will go into when hell freezes over.  The only uplifting part is that the policeman whipped out his, I know what  you're thinking and your wrong, taser.  He turned it on briefly then tucked it back in it's holster. "I think we should liven thinks up a bit and ask the police officer to taser the fireman"-Michael.  Mercifully, that bit ended at the end of first session.  Little did I know the horrors that were waiting for me in the LGI Room.  At the time, I was relieved that we might actually learn something useful. After all, Performing Arts is sort of my thing.  So there we were, Carl Cote, Mark Yates. Then, to our horror, the women introduces herself as a "Landscapist." Naturally all three of us were like "WTF MATES?!" A general murmur of what the hell, this isn't art arose from the disquieted audience. Well she went on to explain that there was somewhat of a link between landscaping and art. I could sort of understand this, so I figured this must be the Art part of Performing Arts/Arts. We sat through her presentation politely, and eventually, it was time for the next speaker to come on. We figured that this would be a vocalist or some other sort of musician. We were dead wrong. I seem to recall her opening line as "I know that this clinic said performing arts, but I am going to stick to the regular art." Regular art?! HA! She was a fucking (excuse my language, but it is called for) interior designer. The crowd was shocked. A slow quiet came over the whole room as we realized that we were about to receize a 20 minute lecture on interior design. Luckily for us, we had Mark's digital camera and entertained ourselves by taking pictures of Carl's feet in various positions. Contact Mark Yates if you want copies. Don't get me wrong, we did try to leave, but my counselor decided at that moment to sell her soul to the devil and block our only exit. At the end, there was a time open for questions. The first was asked by Ghetto McGhettoson (name changed to protect the innocent). It was as follows: "What the hell? This isn't performing arts!  What instrument do ya'll play?" Then my demon-filled counselor made weak statements about the name saying bother performing arts and arts, and that they chose to focus on art. Art? Art my ass. Interior Designing does not cut it for a room full of people from the LC music department. My imp of a councelor ended up asking the vast majority of the questions. She is going to have to answer to the students, and it will not be a pretty site.  [Not a pretty site? Will it be webcast? --Michael]   Will I ever go willingly to another Career Day at LC? I think not. There will have to be some serious grade reduction to force me to go...  Anywho, on to Chicago. It was wonderful! We stayed at this nice hotel downtown called "Club Quarters." It had an awesome location, and everything was in walking distance. On Friday night, we went to the symphony and heard the Chamber Orchestra of Europe play "Midsummer's Night Dream" by Menddehlson, and quite a few selections from Bach. It was freaking awesome. At the beginning, their intonation was slightly off, but they really locked it in quickly and for the rest of the night. The applause at the end was humorous. The director, Andras Schiff, came back out like six times, and even had the symphony play an encore. Some of the members looked startled at the blast of applause even. Also, someone in the orchestra has the greatest name ever. "Nimrod."   On Saturday morning, we went to the Art Institute of Chicago to see the Rembrandt exhibit. It was good and everything, but it didn't really "touch me" as some would say. Not enough color, and too many faces. He seems like he was a really serious guy. I much prefer things like Van Gogh and Manet. After that, we drove home. I got to drive about 3/4 of the distance, which was great! Hurry for learners permits! Well, that about wraps up this post. Oh ya, I watched Blues Brothers recently, and my new explanation for everything I do is "We're on a mission from God" in that awesome Dan Akroyd Chicago accent. Oh by the way Erin, May is lusty? I didn't know that months had emotion and feelings!? Oh well, you learn something new everyday. Good Night! I sleep now!  -It is his love, it is his life, it is his fault he didn't lock the garage!
    


	 
      Thanks, Nathan. Apology accepted. And sorry for doubting you.  This weekend is just one big episode of seeing my family over and over and over again. Have been bored a lot.  Fanfiction Recommendation of the Week ("You might not care, but I do"): "Eye of the Storm" on fanfiction.net. It's about several OT Star Wars characters getting stuck on Earth. In the Star Wars universe it was in between ESB and ROTJ. On Earth it's the middle of convention season. Not as bad as most with that general setup as there are no fangirls. Quote: "I think I need my dosage checked. At the moment I'm in Colorado with my ex-husband and Luke Skywalker while Artoo Detoo serves iced tea and my son plays with a Princess of Alderaan in the kitchen." She gave a high-pitched, hysterical laugh. "So are really, really realistic hallucinations a common side effect of that new stress medication you put me on?"   It's May, it's May, the lusty month of May! :)  Oh my God, you're putting my mother's cats on the Supreme Court.
    


	 
      I had a weird dream last night. There we're odd looking flying machines, like spaceships from an anime, or something, and I was hearing a radio news program explaining why they worked. Eventually, I drove one to pick up Sophia, who was trappied in Sophie's body, (Sophie was one of the four yearolds from vbs) and we had to try and find a way to get her out. Meanwhile, Sophie was still in her own body, and I kept losing track of Sophia, so I had to ask Sophie to let her say things. then I woke up in another dream, that I don't remember. Then I really woke up.   Supposedly, your subconcious knows everything, but i disagree. I think you notice somethings, and your subconcious only notices the rest. thats why dreams seem to mean something some times, but they're really just random and weird.   My birthday is tomorrow!   Ouch! A ferret is beating me about the shins!
    


	 
      I think its been too long since I've posted.  A whole month of precious summer is almost gone, how can this be?  So far this has been an informative summer.  I've learned important life lessons such as, wearing shoes without socks hurts after a few days, staying up to watch late night T.V. results in very unproductive mornings, and eating nothing but Trix and pizza is bad for you in many ways.  Well, that is all.  Only 2 weeks until my birthday,  YAY!  Ouch! A ferret is beating me about the shins!
    


	 
      I feel really  urlLink weird . As in not normal for me. I couldn't sleep friday night at the church thing, so I went to the multi-purpose room, put in one of my cds and danced. It had to look stupid to anyone not listening to the music. Oh well. It was 2 in the morning, and I couldn't sleep. It was the strangest thing I've done recently. I feel really strange.  Ouch! A ferret is beating me about the shins!
    


	 
      I'm back. Words cannot express how much I love Chicago. Or how much my feet hurt after a weekend in Chicago. But anyway, we took our dear cousin and her boyfriend up to Chicago for the weekend, and did stuff. We went to the Sears Tower, ate lunch at the Weber Grill, stayed at the Inter-Continental (again) and basically kicked it old school.  Also, in a sports related event (I know, I can hear you scrolling right now) Tim Henman (Awesome British Tennis Player) is on track to possibly win Wimbeldon (the Super Bowl of Tennis). And that would be really cool. But even if he does make it to the finals, he'd probably be beat by Andy Roddick (Awesome American Tennis Player). Okay, I'm done now.  Ouch! A ferret is beating me about the shins!
    


	 
      Eh, I definitely forgot what the name of our possible sitcom was going to be, but whatever.  I have a semi-major emergency.  I lost my phone.  My cell phone.  I feel so naked without it...I think I left it at the church.  So, if you guys are going tomorrow for church (which I guess you are) could you ask Patty if anyone found a blue cell phone?  I hope nobody stole it...although that'd be doubly awful seeing as I lost it in a church!  Ouch! A ferret is beating me about the shins!
    


	 
      This is my first post in a while, and I intend to make it a good one. Or at very least a long one. We’ll see how it goes. Actually this post is pretty much going to be a White House Press Briefing.   -	It’s amazing that since Sophia quit, she’s said more on the outside than she ever did as a Blogger. Not that I don’t want her to come back, I’m just saying. -	Okay, Thomas made a hilarious gaffe today. It’s number five on the list of hilarious puns Hilarious Gaffes and Typos 1. “I hate him with the power of a thousand flaming nuns!” – Someone at TwoP 2. “I’m too busty to get a job!” – Jonah 3. “I’m feeding my dick!” – Ashley  4. “Red Roof Inns don’t have Colonial Breakfast!” – Thomas 5. "Is that a homo?" - Tim on seeing a homeless person in Chicago.  Okay, so I've seen The Terminal, which was good, and I saw Shrek 2, which was more jokes than story this time, so it was almost but not quite as good as the first. I was saddened to hear that Jonah is staying in Marching Band, although I'm happy that he got a kick-ass deal to do it.   I also, in the spirit of giving, have new stuff for everyone including myself. I got The Simpsons Season Four on DVD, and TiVo for my dad for fathers day, and Presents for pretty much everyone else (blog-wise anyway)  Also my Cousin (and her boyfriend) are in town, and we're showing them the "Best of Indiana", which is roughly equivelent to "The Most Mediocre of Anywhere Else." However, due to some odd reason, neither of them have seen any of the Lord of the Rings movies, so we're giving them a crash course in Tolkien while they're here. Just our gift to them.  Okay, it's 11:30 and I have swimming tomorrow, so I have to go bye-bye now. Bye, everyone!  Ouch! A ferret is beating me about the shins! 
    


	 
      so tired.... too much input.  brain ready to explode.  can't remember........anything.  neglecting everything.  I feel like I'm in a dream.  I'm gonna be out of it for....a while now.  but I will return.  Ouch! A ferret is beating me about the shins!
    


	 
      Well, off I go to Florida tomorrow morning. I'll be back July 4th. By the time I get back, I wish for everyone to have RSVP'd to my King Arthur invitation. Yes or no? Which day? I'm going to be bored in Florida. You can read outside, but you can't write outside, and I'm going to get sunburned anyway, or return as pale as I am right now. I'll want to stay inside all the time, and my mom will make me go outside, and I'll be bored. And my brother will drive me crazy. In fact, by the time it's over, everybody in my family will be driving me crazy.  We still don't have our DSL back. I'm beginning to think it will be like the heat in Mr. Davis's room and we'll get it back only when we least expect it. In a few years. Sigh. "I don't hold with forn parts." - Esmerelda Weatherwax  Ouch! A ferret is beating me about the shins!
    


	 
      Well, you know how we made it into the thrilling and tragic musical lair of the fairy people. Shut up Jonah, you ruined the whole thing.  Maybe we should give up on the word by word thing. Ha! Noffke rhymes with off key, there's another Jonah, and the Bishop gets set on fire! There's a giant moon, and the floor is red, like most everything else. It's all red, black and white. Come see the show. Hopefully our publicity manager won't get mad about this.    In other news, Eighteen four-year-olds.  'nuff said. Details in individual posts. You're mother is an aardvark, and your father smells of eldeberries. You can't mix quotes! Okay, don't say that. Jonah caved! He's still in marching band! Now before you get all upset, you should know that I didn't cave until I'd gotten pretty much everything I wanted.  I can miss half of each day of band camp, and all of the June rehearsals.  Also, they really need me back. No they don't, I've heard you play.something. The cat was on the skateboard, but I was unable to launch it. FIN!  Ouch! A ferret is beating me about the shins!
    


	 
      Okay, so who wants to come see King Arthur with me? And do you want to see it on the 8th or the 9th? If it's on the 8th it will probably have to be in the evening, whereas on the 9th it can probably be in the afternoon.  Here is a fanfic rec for you all-- The Not Quite Love Letters, a SW fic on fanfiction.net. It's about Han and Leia and their relationship after the Battle of Yavin revealed through a few angsty journal entries, but mostly through official Alliance communications and random things like that. In the first chapter Han invites Leia to polish his medal. In the second chapter, computer terminals get thrown onto people's heads. It's really funny.   Ouch! A ferret is beating me about the shins!
    


	 
      I felt spontaneous. Thomas humored me.  Tofig36: MysteriousBob87: roogle Tofig36: snargle MysteriousBob87: Gleek! Gleek! MysteriousBob87: shneked Tofig36: ILBER ILBER MysteriousBob87: Jeshna! Tofig36: KURTLE MysteriousBob87: YICKTEL! Tofig36: UGFUF! MysteriousBob87: ...Kithog Tofig36: snetich MysteriousBob87: Tehichy!:-) Tofig36: alpharen MysteriousBob87: gettlbrogh MysteriousBob87: qilltort? Tofig36: renwart MysteriousBob87: neggit. MysteriousBob87: we are weird Tofig36: yes we are  I'm sorry Mario, your princess is in another Chinese restaurant!
    


	 
      Ladies and gentlemen,  urlLink the finished boat.   I'm sorry Mario, your princess is in another Chinese restaurant!
    


	 
      Ok, so my sister's party wasn't dreadfully annoying, but it was pretty boring until most of her friends left. They tried to brake a piniata with a broken ruler. It wasn't even funny, it was just pitiful. I gave them half a pool cue to smite the paper mache pig.  Later on, I played cards with the last of the guests, people I actually knew from middleschool.  One of them turned out to be obscurely related to us. We've got another half cousin now.   It's Garage Sale Day! I've been looking for a TV, but everything is either too small, or doesn't have the right connection thingies for my ps2.  And the cost of some, geez. Some people don't understand the purpose of a garage sale. The point is to get rid of stuff, not to make a whole lot of money. It's pocket change, most likely going to be spent on the equally cheap merchandise of others. Some people got the idea, though, like the person from whom I bought a sega genesis. one dollar. It was fate. There was the machine, and there was a dollar in my pocket. Now I just have to find some games, another controller, and the wires I need to plug it in.  I'm sorry Mario, your princess is in another Chinese restaurant!
    


	 
      Thanks to everybody who told me it was ok. It makes me feel warm and fuzzy that you actually took time to say it. :) Plus, it turns out you were right. I apparently, I just have a slightly large, but fully functioning and cyst-free thyroid. So yay! Also, I don't have TB. It's all good news here.  Sophia, you've made me sad. Come on, my life is pretty boring too, I just talk about it anyway. I mean, let's look at this objectively: my last post was about Discworld books and my thyroid. Please.  Anyway, my dad says that if our DSL isn't up very soon we're getting cable internet, just to spite the dsl people. But that would be super inconvenient really, because in order to afford it we'd have to get rid of AOL, and I've already filled out all my college stuff with my AOL account, and we'd have to download AIM and everything. That's bad.  I'm sorry Mario, your princess is in another Chinese restaurant!
    


	 
      There should be a JournalCon of some kind this weekend, starting sometime before 6 on friday.  Mostly so I can get out of a house full of middleschool girls. Yes, it's my sisters birthday party, and it's planning on being loud and annoying. Some one with a big house, save me! We could make it Sophia's going away JournalCon, despite the fact that she'll still come to other journalcons. Or maybe it could be a Sophia's not really leaving JournalCon. C'mon, sometimes you have something to say. Thomas doesn't post frequently, and niether do I anymore. Just post when something interesting happens to you, or when you happen to something interesting. Once you're gone, you'll have something you wanted to post. Please stay with us?  I'm sorry Mario, your princess is in another Chinese restaurant!
    


	 
      Hey all.  Look, I'm really sorry about this, but I don't think I'm gonna be a blogger anymore. I'm not about to lie and tell you that I don't have enough time because, hello, it's summer, but I just don't have anything to say.  You shouldn't miss me too much seeing as I don't say anything anyway.  I'd still love to journalcon with you guys though (yes, now it's a verb).  It's not you, it's me.  ;)  I'm sorry Mario, your princess is in another Chinese restaurant!
    


	 
      So I quit marching band.  Definitely, for sure, I am not participating in this, the 2004 season of the LNHS season.  Absolutely for certian. Except that I might not.  See, my reason for quitting was of course Jekyll and Hyde, but Mr. Noffke doesn't want me to take two consecutive weeks off (Triennium and Newspaper camp) and I can't quit those, since my parents have already put down about $300 for each.  If I'm out of Jekyll and Hyde for that, I might as well do Marching Band.  EDIT: Noffke's gonna let me get do it, so I guess I am quitting.  But if I miss one day, I'm out.   Also, Nathan and I started building a boat today.  It also started flooding.  Amazingly enough, these two things are not related. Inspired by an episode of Biography on A&E last night, Nathan and I have officially made our college plans.  We're going to NYU to study acting, just like the Olsen twins.  In fact, they'll still be there, so we're planning to either marry them or collaborate on an award-winning sitcom, or both.  With the acting genius of Nathan and I and the star power of MK & Ashley, we'll be rich.  It's fool-proof. (My title is the prospective title of the show or an associated autobiography). Also, that's the new "We should get married... to other people." Now it's "We should get married... to the Olsen twins." In conclusion, the boredom of the summer is almost certianly getting to us.   I'm sorry Mario, your princess is in another Chinese restaurant!
    


	 
      Yesterday I purchased The Wee Free Men. I am now reading it. And when I'm done that will leave only The Last Hero that I haven't read, not counting A Hat Full of Sky, which I don't think is out this side of the pond yet. And, just as a heads up, the next DW book will be called Going Postal and it's coming out in October or November. It's about the postal system and golems. That's all I've been able to get. I think it's another misc. with cameos, like Monstrous Regiment was.  I have now listened to the Two Towers tapes, and if you want a few highlights, check out my journal. If you don't have its address, just let me know and I'll email it to you, since I don't think blogger will let me put the link up here.   Yesterday I went to the doctor to get vaccinated so that I can go to college. So I got a meningitis vaccine and a TB test. Yay. Then it turns out I have an enlarged thyroid gland, and I don't really know what that means, but they had to draw blood to test. I've never had that done before; it was kinda creepy. Then I have to go in again tomorrow so they can ultrasound my neck, I guess, and try to figure out why my thyroid is enlarged. I'm a little worried about it, I can tell you... Well, anyway. Just thought I'd put that out there so everybody can say, "Don't be worried, Erin, it's okay."   Later.  I'm sorry Mario, your princess is in another Chinese restaurant!
    


	 
      Someone should make a fun BMV.  Something like Dr. Jones's Orthodontist's office.  Put an arcade in there, a really good snack bar (or at least some vending machines), Public internet terminals and a play area for the kids.  Imagine the difference if instead of "Now I have to go back to the BMV..." It was "Now we get to go back to the BMV!! I'm so excited!" Seriously is there some goverment rule that says BMV's have to be drab and dreary?  Everyone hates going there so much and it's something that wouldn't be hard to do. In case you haven't figured it out, I got my permit today.  In fact that's all I did, since it took me, all in all, about six hours.  Yeah. After that we drove around the parking lot, where I concluded that driving is not nearly as easy as it looks. And on the way home we listened to a tribute to Ray Charles, including his unique version of the song "Imagine": "Imagine all the people (All the little people)  Living... Living there whole lives.. just for today..." What a guy.  Well that's all I have to say.  Oh, also Micheal, could you link me to your West Wing script site cause I'm lazy? Thanks. I'm sorry Mario, your princess is in another Chinese restaurant!
    


	 
      I'm fufilling my constitutional duties as Communications Director by stating (even though y'all probably got the e-mail, that there is no Youth Group this week, apparently we're doing "Special Events" throughout the summer, at least half of which I won't be able to attend. Thanks a lot, Patty. Just when I thought I was out, they pull me back in! "Haec credam a Patty pio? A Patty iusto? A Patty scito? Cruciatus in crucem! Tuus in terra servus nuntius fui officium perfeci. Cruciatus in crucem. Eas in crucem!"  Okay, now that I'm done irrationally railing at Patty, I'm on to other matters. The other matters are...They're...I think one of them was...Okay, I completely forgot the other matters. I changed the template.   This is not a novel to be tossed aside lightly. It should be thrown with great force.
    


	 
      Erin, in case you read this before four o'clock tomorrow, we're having LotRCon and we'd like you to come! Also I found the best forum thread at fametracker Is that a rocket you've got hidden there?  No, it's my cookie. urlLink Oh, Snap! Disses and Insults in Publishing 
    


	 
      I went shopping yesterday. It's something I don't often do, but my mom decided we need new clothes. I guess I do, I've only got one pair of shorts. So now we're $300 dollars in the hole, but I have 2 new pairs of shorts and Lounge Pants! I was stuck between two pairs, one covered with smileys and a pair of mario-print pants. The extreme yellow and the power of smileys was tough to pass up, but the sheer novelty of Mario won me over. I get my license now!    Is that a rocket you've got hidden there?  No, it's my cookie.
    


	 
      Okay, I'm reformatting the template, because it's über-annoying in its current format.  Okay, I haven't posted since Saturday and I think it's time to throw my two cents in on Gym. I hate it. It is awful. If I had to pick between Gym Class or death, I would probably pick death, because unlike Gym, Death is quiet, peaceful and probably doesn't smell like a great big armpit. There are several things I hate about Gym, and four of them are teachers. There are six teachers teaching Gym Class. It takes them the better part of an hour to take attendence. When we transition from one place to another almost none of the students know what's going on because none of the teachers know what's going on and that is because there are six of them. There's Mr. Holman, Mrs. Annee, Mrs. Fuson, and three LN teachers I don't know. One of them looks like Mr. Harvey with dark hair and a buzzcut, the others look old. And the teachers don't like each other. One of the old LN teachers told me to take my Tardy Pass to "Mrs. Hag" née Mrs. Fuson. Mr. Holman refered to her as the Gestapo. And both of them were right, because Fuson is what you would get if Aileen Wuornos and Joan Collins had a baby together. She's bitchy, she's ill-tempered, she's always yelling about something and I'm pretty sure she was hungover this morning. We did swim testing yesterday, and we swam about eight different times because the teachers were incompetant. Then we went and ran on the track and played optional Basketball. So I dribbled for about ten minutes and sat on the bleachers until we got dressed. I've just been wearing my gym clothes to school because of three things: number one, I always have it with me, Number two, I'm not getting dressed up for these people and number three, I'm inevitably going to get sweaty and I will pick the shower in my house over the shower at school everytime, so I'm not going to get new clothes all icky and sweaty. Of course, everyday people have asked me questions like "Why are you wearing your gym suit? We just changed." From now on, I'm answering "None of your damn business." Just because I can. One kid who is one of those kids who thinks he's cool, but is just a ass, made a snide comment, which I just ignored because he's ugly, fat, gay and a general asshole. To sum it up: Gym = Bad.  Okay, on to lighter subjects, I'm having "LotRCon II: Forth Eorlingas!" at my house on Friday at 4:30. So far I have Jonah, Nathan and Claire coming. More are welcome. RSVP in the comments section.  "Is that a rocket you've got hidden there?" "No, it's my cookie."
    


	 
       urlLink    Artist Mockup of "Cornfrohawk"   urlLink    Artist's mockup of Marten with "Cornfrohawk" hairstyle.   urlLink    Jonah's bifty new haircut. (His word, not mine.) 
    


	 
      For those of you not privy to the conversation, I have officially decided to name my daughter, should i ever have one, Starfish.  It's a great name, with many cool nicknames - Star, Starry, Fish, Fishy, Starfy, Arfish.  She will probably not sport a cornfrohawk, but you just never know. Which brings me to other news: I am getting a haircut today.  I am going to pay some person money to cut off my hair.  Barbering is one of the few industries where we pay people to take things away.  Also banking, but the difference is that there is an understanding that the bank will give you your money back someday, whereas the barbershop would never in a million years return your hair. Another such business is daycare, but this is also temporary, and usually much shorter term than the bank.  So, in conclusion - You pay daycare to take your kids for a day, The bank to take your money for some years, and the barbershop to take your hair FOREVER.  Luckily hair grows back, and is an infinitely renewable resource, unless you are Homer Simpson or Captian Picard. Has everybody heard of the Wikipedia?  The ultimate experiment in anarchy - anyone can update a page with new info.  You could. I could.  Gary Coleman could.  Gary Coleman is, by the way, in a new musical called Avenue Q which just won a lot of Tonys.  It's about homosexuality and rascism and muppets, and Gary Coleman is played by a woman.   Anyway, if I ever had a topic to get off it I lost it a long time ago.    Is that a rocket you've got hidden there?  No, it's my cookie.
    


	 
      I'm smart!  Or, at least, smarter than I thought I was. Report cards came today.  I got straight A's for term six, and only two B's and one C cumulatively.  Because of the weight, I actually had a 4.048 for term six, which really helped drag my cumulative GPA out of the gutter(Yes, I consider a 3.3 to be the gutter.  I can do better).  It will make my parents very happy, which should in turn make me very happy.  It's nice to be back on track. Is that a rocket you've got hidden there?  No, it's my cookie.
    


	 
      The Happy Fun Hanover Weekend went over basically without a hitch. Sometimes, though, when I'm with my grandparents and my Aunt Barbara and my mom, I really wish I had a tape recorder. Some of this stuff, you just can't make it up. I could have sworn we were going to get arrested for breaking and entering.  I saw "Troy" yesterday. It's an interesting movie. Brad Pitt was very pretty. Orlando Bloom was funny as Paris because he was such a big wimp. And he did a lot of Legolas bow-and-arrow stuff and a lot of Will Turner sword stuff. I loved Hector and I was sad when he died. We cheered three times. The first was for the King Arthur trailer, which was awesome. The second time was when Rose Byrne (Dormé from AOTC), who played Briseis, stabbed Agamemnon in the neck. It must have been the handmaiden training. The third was when Aeneas got a little cameo. But they did so many things wrong in that movie. For example, the Trojan War was supposed to be nine years long, and in the movie it was about 16 days. And that's counting the twelve-day timeout for Hector's funeral. There's lots more, but my friend Alicia is writing a review of it,a and I get to comment upon it, so I will probably be more coherent after that.   I now own three more Discworld books! I have Small Gods, Hogfather, and The Fifth Elephant. The only books in the main series that I don't have now are Reaper Man and Thief of Time. I'm most excited about having Fifth Elephant because that was the second DW book I read and I can't remember what happens. I looked through all the Carrot and Angua parts last night, and they are really so touching when you know Carrot and Angua. He goes after her. He almost says he loves her. He holds her hand. He promises to kill her if he ever needs to. She cries. She gets called a dog. She fights her family. She says, "Carrot's mine." I love that couple. They're so screwed up.    Is that a rocket you've got hidden there?  No, it's my cookie.
    


	 
      Okay, first things first, JournalCon was both great and a disaster as Jonah fell asleep like a Jonah. Thomas and I stayed up and debated policy initatives and Old-School Nickolodeon Shows until one.  Building a playground was fun even with the presence of butt-guy.  Levi's open house was entertaining, I compared Levi to a "drunk woman who shakes her breasts." Somehow Kafkaesque got in there. Levi and Colin did the duo and it was good. Leeches are funny.  However, I was greatly entertained by a picture of a certain blog founder in third grade. I'm working with the Comstocks to get that picture online. I wanted to see other yearbooks, but all that Jonah found was the Everyman edition of The Canterbury Tales, there was a bare-chested woman on the cover. Needless to say, I coined the term "The Canter-booby Tales." So, yeah... And then I asked again to see a yearbook and Jonah presented me "The Case Against Spanking".   Very Entertaining Day. More Later. I love you, so much. Your Daughter, Claudia. Is that a rocket you've got hidden there?  No, it's my cookie.
    


	 
      I discovered my old love of swinging again last night! When we build that playground on Saturday, The Patty better let us play on it at youth group. Because playgrounds are awesome.  This is my new feature. I'm calling it...  "A Proportional Response"  Erin: Dorm room stuff?  urlLink IKEA ! Nathan: Does the word "Homonym" mean anything to you?  I think I don't know I think I know I dont think I know I think I dont think I know I think....
    


	 
      It's weird.  I figured when summer came, I'd have a lot of time to post.  And I due.  Trouble is, now I've got nothing to post about. (I know "about which to post" would be right but it sounds kinda akward, doesn't it?) Bottom line: Stuff stops happening, I stop having stuff to say. Last night I wrote a parody that almost no one will get.  You have to be a fan of both REO Speedwagon and Pokemon.  If any of you want to hear it, I'll post it. I think I don't know I think I know I dont think I know I think I dont think I know I think....
    


	 
      Hurray! Everything's cool now! I'm sure I had something to post, but I can't remember what it was anymore. Oh, yes. I graduated. Thanks to those of you who could come to my house. I am now faced with the depressing reality that I have a buttload of money and I'm going to have to spend most of it on dorm room stuff. Oh, well. The other night I went bowling with Toni and Huevos. After I found the picture of Obi-Wan Kenobi in my purse (don't ask why, just accept) we decided to use the Force and bowl with our eyes closed. Toni and I were much better at it than Huevos, but that was probably just because he decided to use the dark side. Toni and I put on padawan braids and we changed our names on the score screen to slightly SW-ish things. I love being a big huge dork.  I think I don't know I think I know I dont think I know I think I dont think I know I think....
    


	 
       urlLink He's Back.   I think I don't know I think I know I dont think I know I think I dont think I know I think....
    


	 
      Why are you wearing tights?   Thomas, it was for conversational purposes. They hadn't actually seen you before, so I get to exagerate. ha, pack-mule  If I can come I have to find some random or obscure soda, or maybe I'll get a bunch of Jones's if funds are sufficient.  I think I don't know I think I know I dont think I know I think I dont think I know I think....
    


	 
      I declare this second blog war over, and the people rejoice! Let there never be such dark times again. In other news, Marten called me a sexy beast...What's all that about?  -I think I don't know I think I know I dont think I know I think I dont think I know I think....
    


	 
      Marten, I'm sorry I said that. It was wrong and mean, and I absolutely want to blog with you again. Once Again, I'm sorry.  Okay, resume general blogging  Random Thoughts * While the new description is funny, it isn't true as at this very moment, I am wearing tights. * Everyone coming on Friday needs to bring sodas to share with everyone. * People should start referring to the police as "the fuzz" again  I think I don't know I think I know I dont think I know I think I dont think I know I think....
    


	 
      Marten, you've got admin power back.  If you want to use it to quit again, so be it.  I'd rather we all just forget this nonsense and get back to blogging.  Erin has been the most sensible so far.  These issues are between Michael and Marten, and I would prefer they find another way to fight it out without screwing up the blog for the rest of us.  BTW, who wrote the new description?  I like it. Anyway, it occurred to me that a bunch of blog-worthy stuff has happened to me lately that I haven't written because of the nonsense.  For instance, all the tornados on Sunday.  We were in the basement for around two hours ,[Ha! I was in a leaky fallout shelter for about half an hour. It would be nifty if I wasn't pissed about still being there-Marten]  and they came right over us.  Luckily none of them touched down, but we were pretty worried.  It got to the point where we were stashing our valuables in the basement.  Then on Monday, following a note from my grandma's mother, we found her grandfather's grave.  For those of you not keeping track, that's my grandma's great grandfather or my great great great grandfather, Jacob Tanner Snyder, who fought in the civil war.  Not thrity feet from his grave is that of Richard Gattling, inventor of the first automatic weapon - the gattling gun.  And less than a mile away is our shortest running president, William Henry Harrison. So that was pretty cool.  It's not every day you track down a 150 year old relative.  I think I don't know I think I know I dont think I know I think I dont think I know I think....
    


	 
      You guys, this has gotten fucking ridiculous. And that's my official stand.  I think I don't know I think I know I dont think I know I think I dont think I know I think....
    


	 
      Okay, I left the first time because I was having a bad day, and didn't particularly like the way the blog was working.  I was convinced that people wanted me back. So I accept the invite from michael, and he accuses me of folding. Thats exactly why I hadn't already come back! If I leave and come back, you're just going to make annoying comments about it. Cuz thats what you do. You're the Michael Christie of making annoying comments. So I always have to watch what I write so I don't write anything you can make an annoying assnark comment on. Well, I'm sick of it michael. I'm tired of standing up for someone who kicks me in the back of the knees so I fall back down.  I think I don't know I think I know I dont think I know I think I dont think I know I think....
    


	 
      Damnit, would someone just kick me off? This isn't going to work.  I think I don't know I think I know I dont think I know I think I dont think I know I think....
    


	 
      Okay, I've had it. For 45 minutes I was fired from this blog by Marten because he is being petty, immature and a general ass. His new description was this: "This is for Michael: Continuing to be an ass isn't going to help you any. My patience runs thin and I'm running on hypocracy. Therefore, I can be an ass, and you cannot. Do not push me."   Marten, I'm not speaking to you anymore. Just because you think you are "Marten the Great" or the "Pirate King" doesn't mean that you are. Also the fact is you left. You're no longer the "leader". You can't claim that title  because you left . I'm dropping it as of now, so if BlogWar II: Electric Boogaloo drags on any longer, ladies and gentlemen of the blog, I believe that you will know who is responsible.  
    


	 
      Here's how it works.  I'm not being a jerk here, just trying to sort things out.  Marten and Michael are both flagrantly abusing their admin powers because they're mad at each other, because this is childish and immature, I'm taking away said powers.  Do I really have that power? No.  So if any of you think I've judged in error and give the powers back, I will except that I was wrong and let it stand.  If you guys agree with me, then leave their powers off.  I'm not mad at you guys, but when we made the "Everybody's an admin" rule it was not so you could be petty and immature.  And I don't care who started it.   I think I don't know I think I know I dont think I know I think I dont think I know I think....
    


	 
      I'm back, sorry for any confusion I caused. I was just having a bad day and acted rashly. Michael: If you chose to be an asshole, fine. I offer no further apology. Everyone else, I think it's good to be back, if it really was pointless, then I'll leave again.  I think I don't know I think I know I don't think I know I think I don't think I know I think....
    


	 
      Is Tyler here yet?  Why not?  I have barracaded myself in my house and refuse to go out because the cicadas are so bad.  I hate everything about them.  I hate how they look, the constant raquet they make, I hate how they are crappy fliers, I hate how they smell, and I espeacially hate how they keep getting into my room.  Michael, your mom woukld go crazy at our house.  We've got cicadas out our butts.  I hate living in the woods. I want to STUFF the CICADAS! with lead!
    


	 
      The following is a fifteen page blitz-blog. Events occur in Real Time  OnlineHost: *** You are in "Chat 36096785860384530270". *** OnlineHost: Now you can chat privately with AOL and Internet users. Amarismoon14: Allo! SBristowSD6: Hi, Sarah! Trekker7474: Hey The Squid3188: how many we got? Trekker7474: Can't stay long Amarismoon14: Ash hasn't been invited yet The Squid3188: I can't invite SBristowSD6: There she is. Amarismoon14: YAY! The Squid3188: Marten? SBristowSD6: Marten's being pig headed. musiknote2006: I am here The Squid3188: ahh SBristowSD6: Or he didn't get the invite. SBristowSD6: So: Sarah, Ashley, Busty, Chesty The Squid3188: or both SBristowSD6: How are you? musiknote2006: I'm good. I am happy! SBristowSD6: He did musiknote2006: :-D Amarismoon14: I'm also happy! Trekker7474: I'm not answering to that The Squid3188: hey Marten SBristowSD6: Hi Marten! MysteriousBob87: allo The Squid3188: if that is your real name MysteriousBob87: machines being evil musiknote2006: Hello@! SBristowSD6: Computers are evil this week. SBristowSD6: That's why Thomas isn't here. Amarismoon14: Yes, they have been musiknote2006: Aren't they always evil? MysteriousBob87: um, not online? MysteriousBob87: yes The Squid3188: I'm typing bigger cause I can't do fonts and I want to be special MysteriousBob87: they hate people SBristowSD6: Ha! SBristowSD6: Not Bigger! MysteriousBob87: I like purple Amarismoon14: GREEN! The Squid3188: and it makes me feel big The Squid3188: ROAR!!! SBristowSD6: Marten, that's a freudian slip if there ever was one. Amarismoon14: Settle down, Jonah! Trekker7474: You can't do fonts? MysteriousBob87: not really Trekker7474: I have a font The Squid3188: I'm on express MysteriousBob87: I can like purple  Trekker7474: I feel special SBristowSD6: I can do fonts, they just don't appear bigger. SBristowSD6: Oh... The Squid3188: I can't see fonts SBristowSD6: OH The Squid3188: but I can see colors, bold/italics, and size SBristowSD6: Good. MysteriousBob87: I see blog people SBristowSD6: No. SBristowSD6: Just No, Marten. MysteriousBob87: silence michael SBristowSD6: That joke died four years ago. Amarismoon14: haha The Squid3188: the problem is musiknote2006: lol MysteriousBob87: I see dead jokes Amarismoon14: PINK! musiknote2006: Yes! The Squid3188: I feel like I can't say unimportant things Amarismoon14: Go, Ash! musiknote2006: It has returned! SBristowSD6: Stop beating that dead horse. SBristowSD6: Yay for Pink! The Squid3188: because everything I say looks important MysteriousBob87: I see dead horses Amarismoon14: *sigh* Trekker7474: I'm confused SBristowSD6: Marten, go raise some dead person's kids. The Squid3188: of course, I'm also being ignored Amarismoon14: HI JONAH! The Squid3188: so it's kind of a wash SBristowSD6: You're important Jonah. The Squid3188: hi Sarah SBristowSD6: That's why we like you. Trekker7474: I hate these The Squid3188: what's new? SBristowSD6: Hate what? MysteriousBob87: I see dead kids Trekker7474: They move to fast musiknote2006: I know the feeling Trekker7474: chat rooms Amarismoon14: exactly The Squid3188: that's the point The Squid3188: hence the term blitzblog SBristowSD6: Maybe you're just slow. The Squid3188: you just got served like a tray of caviarre, Nathan MysteriousBob87: I see slow people MysteriousBob87: very slowly? SBristowSD6: Also they don't move "to" fast. SBristowSD6: They move too fast. Trekker7474: I like to take life at it's own pace Amarismoon14: Which would be? SBristowSD6: Don't can't move to fast. Trekker7474: I also like to multitask The Squid3188: Marten has so far spoken only in permutations of that dead catchphrase SBristowSD6: Fast is not a place. SBristowSD6: Yes, but he's being pigheaded. MysteriousBob87: I have a big head Trekker7474: I'm doing other things at the same time, or at least I was MysteriousBob87: and its pink The Squid3188: or perhaps, fast is a place MysteriousBob87: like a pig SBristowSD6: Marten is a pig! SBristowSD6: He's large, pink and smells funny! The Squid3188: ok, now he's talking in noncatchphrases SBristowSD6: I just put it all together! Trekker7474: Ok MysteriousBob87: actually, its becasue I eat shrimp SBristowSD6: I can't eat shrimp. musiknote2006: Shrimp is good Amarismoon14: YUM! musiknote2006: I like it! Amarismoon14: HUNGRY! SBristowSD6: Shellfish Allergies musiknote2006: Not hungry Amarismoon14: fine Amarismoon14: be that way, Ash musiknote2006: I will be! Amarismoon14: OKAY! MysteriousBob87: I like shrimp flavored potato chips musiknote2006: HEy, I ate a burger today The Squid3188: pie musiknote2006: Be happy Amarismoon14: orange Trekker7474: orange SBristowSD6: Damn! SBristowSD6: Orange! musiknote2006: I don't like prawn chips MysteriousBob87: orange musiknote2006: Orange! The Squid3188: It worked! Amarismoon14: YAY! The Squid3188: I love you all! Trekker7474: Nathan is corn fussed Amarismoon14: poor Nathan Amarismoon14: he's slow musiknote2006: So am I! musiknote2006: lol SBristowSD6: Nathan is slow and doesn't know the difference between "two" "to" and "too" Amarismoon14: defending the bf, huh? SBristowSD6: Aww... Trekker7474: I don't  musiknote2006: Be nice to me! The Squid3188: no, they're just perfect for each other Amarismoon14: AWWWWWWWWW! The Squid3188: they can have a nice slow wedding Trekker7474: They've always cornfussed me Amarismoon14: haha The Squid3188: live in a big slow house MysteriousBob87: I know the diferende between a clam and a taco The Squid3188: have 2.5 slow children SBristowSD6: Drive big slow cars! musiknote2006: What? MysteriousBob87: and raise a dead persons kids Amarismoon14: slowly musiknote2006: I leave for two seconds, and I am confused MysteriousBob87: no, not slowly MysteriousBob87: then people will honk at you The Squid3188: Eat fine, slow muffins Trekker7474: me, too Trekker7474: LOL SBristowSD6: Raise 2.5 dead person's slow kids. MysteriousBob87: slowly musiknote2006: Who are they talking about? Amarismoon14: NAthan and you Trekker7474: us, I think MysteriousBob87: slow is the opposite of fast! SBristowSD6: Yeah. The Squid3188: Michael, did you catch the five-minute Iliad joke? Amarismoon14: really? SBristowSD6: No. SBristowSD6: I didn't. musiknote2006: Why us? The Squid3188: Fine English muffins SBristowSD6: Oh... The Squid3188: from Dracula The Squid3188: because you The Squid3188: are MysteriousBob87: slow? The Squid3188: SLOW SBristowSD6: Oh. The Squid3188: SLOW! SBristowSD6: Marten is eating bugs. SBristowSD6: Diagnosis: Batshit Crazy musiknote2006: Good for him SBristowSD6: Treatment: Morphine MysteriousBob87: actually, Im eating meijer brand wheat crackers The Squid3188: same diff    musiknote2006: uhhh...yum....?? SBristowSD6: Ew? The Squid3188: y'know who hasn't said anything for a while? The Squid3188: Sarah MysteriousBob87: and drinking lemondae-tea from country time brand powder mix Trekker7474: Taco and clam are natural enemies, competing over a resource which is a pink baloon SBristowSD6: Oooh! MysteriousBob87: w00t! Amarismoon14: HI! MysteriousBob87: nathan is no longer slow! Amarismoon14: I said stuff! musiknote2006: Hi Sarah! MysteriousBob87: or atleast everyone else is slower The Squid3188: evidently she's still here MysteriousBob87: I see stuff Amarismoon14: no kidding SBristowSD6: No we are/ MysteriousBob87: I see sarah SBristowSD6: Marten, y'all better not do this during "A Proportional Response" The Squid3188: pie MysteriousBob87: what? Amarismoon14: Jonah SBristowSD6: Orange! MysteriousBob87: orange SBristowSD6: is! musiknote2006: Orange! Trekker7474: awesome MysteriousBob87: pie The Squid3188: that worked moderately well Trekker7474: orange Amarismoon14: okay The Squid3188: orange! Amarismoon14: why was mine different?? MysteriousBob87: get it? its orange SBristowSD6: We're at page five of a word document right now. musiknote2006: Wow The Squid3188: because, it spells jonah is awesome MysteriousBob87: I see pages The Squid3188: plus many oranges Amarismoon14: okay MysteriousBob87: and oranges Amarismoon14: just checkin' SBristowSD6: No it spells "Jonah Orange Orange is Orange Awesome." MysteriousBob87: poop, Im out of lemonade-tea SBristowSD6: Lemonade-Tea? The Squid3188: I forgot that the oranges would still happen musiknote2006: okay......? SBristowSD6: That's just wrong. MysteriousBob87: its lemonade flavored tea SBristowSD6: You said pie. MysteriousBob87: its not wrong, just kind of silly The Squid3188: which is lemon flavored tea, plus sugar? MysteriousBob87: no  MysteriousBob87: sugar is included in the powdered mix SBristowSD6: Can people put citrus into pie? musiknote2006: SUgar is good Amarismoon14: yeah Amarismoon14: yeah MysteriousBob87: I can go get the container and read off the ingredients SBristowSD6: Please don SBristowSD6: 't. Amarismoon14: hehe SBristowSD6: I hate when that happens! The Squid3188: it's like a philabuster SBristowSD6: Filibuster. MysteriousBob87: only we're sitting down The Squid3188: people with nothing to say read cookbooks SBristowSD6: West Wing! musiknote2006: lol SBristowSD6: Yay! MysteriousBob87: lol SBristowSD6: The Stackhouse Filibuster MysteriousBob87: the steakhouse filibuster Trekker7474: Wombat Amarismoon14: 1 SBristowSD6: 2 The Squid3188: 3 MysteriousBob87: 5 musiknote2006: 4 SBristowSD6: Ha! SBristowSD6: Didn't work. MysteriousBob87: lol Amarismoon14: Ash was too slow musiknote2006: Sorry! Trekker7474: so close SBristowSD6: Aww... musiknote2006: ;-( Amarismoon14: it's okay SBristowSD6: Ashley is slow... musiknote2006: Chelsea was tlking to me! SBristowSD6: As is Nathan... musiknote2006: I am slow Trekker7474: Jonah musiknote2006: Ashley = slow SBristowSD6: Did Chelsea take the last "A"? Trekker7474: That's why I beat you in Smash today SBristowSD6: Ashley = The Walrus Koo-Koo-Ka-Choo Trekker7474: slo-mo MysteriousBob87: I want more lemonade-tea! Trekker7474: deal MysteriousBob87: Im the egg man SBristowSD6: No. Amarismoon14: Nathan SBristowSD6: is! Trekker7474: eggs taste good MysteriousBob87: a SBristowSD6: Doofus! The Squid3188: loser! Trekker7474: but weasels don't MysteriousBob87: pie! SBristowSD6: Orange! musiknote2006: Orange? Trekker7474: orange Amarismoon14: haha MysteriousBob87: jokes one you, Im not jonah! musiknote2006: Ha. Trekker7474: Jonah SBristowSD6: You suck, Marten. MysteriousBob87: or ami??? SBristowSD6: Is Awesome!musiknote2006: I am slow. I didn't catch that. Amarismoon14: Ash... Amarismoon14: *sigh* The Squid3188: ORANGE!!!! MysteriousBob87: yay! MysteriousBob87: erins here! musiknote2006: WHy the sigh? LuckEdc: Hi Trekker7474: Who's Ami? SBristowSD6: Erin's Here! musiknote2006: Hi! The Squid3188: Erin Amarismoon14: Hi! Trekker7474: I'm confused MysteriousBob87: i know musiknote2006: nathan: Am I? MysteriousBob87: thats nothing new The Squid3188: pie Amarismoon14: it's Am I? LuckEdc: I am also confused. Trekker7474: yellow MysteriousBob87: pie Trekker7474: I defy you! SBristowSD6: It's a very confusing group. The Squid3188: ahem PIE! MysteriousBob87: orange musiknote2006: ORANGE! SBristowSD6: Orange! LuckEdc: haha! Pie! Amarismoon14: orange! Trekker7474: BLUE The Squid3188: orange MysteriousBob87: no, orange SBristowSD6: Orange! LuckEdc: Pi! The Squid3188: Nathan, how dare you Trekker7474: I DEFY YOu're Orange The Squid3188: you said blue! MysteriousBob87: Eta Beta’ LuckEdc: Pai! The Squid3188: mortal combat Trekker7474: *YOUR musiknote2006: My light's flickering.... musiknote2006: Ut's about to die Amarismoon14: what light? Trekker7474: We g2g SBristowSD6: No!  musiknote2006: I must get another lightbulb Trekker7474: supper SBristowSD6: Poor Ut! SBristowSD6: Don't Die Ut! MysteriousBob87: why? musiknote2006: *IT Trekker7474: bye musiknote2006: Bye! The Squid3188: unfortunately, food calls LuckEdc: bye MysteriousBob87: I want some SBristowSD6: Bye Nathan and Jonah! Amarismoon14: bye! MysteriousBob87: Pie! SBristowSD6: Come back now, y'hear? The Squid3188: neither pie nor oranges nor shrimp nor clams nor tacos LuckEdc: Good night John Boy. MysteriousBob87: foo The Squid3188: but food nonetheless Amarismoon14: what about donuts? The Squid3188: have a fun blitzblog MysteriousBob87: lemonade-tea? LuckEdc: Millennium hand and shrimp! SBristowSD6: I wish I had donuts. musiknote2006: back The Squid3188: no and no Amarismoon14: I ate all of mine MysteriousBob87: meijer brand wheat crackers? SBristowSD6: My mom is making me go on Atkins. LuckEdc: That's dumb. The Squid3188: but Atkins is evil SBristowSD6: BUT I WANT CARBS! SBristowSD6: I WANT LOTS OF CARBS! The Squid3188: fight the power mIchael MysteriousBob87: I want crabs Amarismoon14: CARBS = GOOD SBristowSD6: CARBS IN THE MORNING! SBristowSD6: CARBS IN THE EVENING! MysteriousBob87: Crabs=good SBristowSD6: CARBS AT SUPPERTIME! LuckEdc: Everybody wants carbs. That's why they're bad for you. MysteriousBob87: I want crabs right now MysteriousBob87: carbs arent bad for you SBristowSD6: WHEN THEY PUT CARBS ON A BAGEL, YOU CAN EAT CARBS ANYTIME! MysteriousBob87: not doing anything with them is bad musiknote2006: Pasta is good Amarismoon14: Chocolate is good LuckEdc: But people try to make you think they are. Because you like them. MysteriousBob87: I wish they put crabs on a bagel SBristowSD6: No, Silly Boy... LuckEdc: I don't. MysteriousBob87: well, I like crabs and no one tries to make me think they are bad for me SBristowSD6: You put Lox on a bagel! MysteriousBob87: lox? musiknote2006: Lox = best bagel topping SBristowSD6: Marten, you have crabs. musiknote2006: I love lox! MysteriousBob87: no i dont Amarismoon14: never heard of Lox MysteriousBob87: I wish i did musiknote2006: It's good SBristowSD6: Aww...Marten's embarrassed about his STD. Amarismoon14: Be proud! MysteriousBob87: no, Im embarassed about my lack of seefood SBristowSD6: Seefood? LuckEdc: the food you can see? MysteriousBob87: and My  std is vaginitis, oddly enough MysteriousBob87: lacking a vagina and all Amarismoon14: as in "If I see food, I eat it"? SBristowSD6: Marten, Vaginitis isn't an STD. MysteriousBob87: I SMELL TUNA!!! Amarismoon14: that is odd SBristowSD6: I read the brochure. MysteriousBob87: well, I didn't LuckEdc: I don't smell tuna. SBristowSD6: Vaginitis = Not an STD MysteriousBob87: thats what I get for not reading the brochure musiknote2006: Tuna is good Amarismoon14: Yes! Amarismoon14: TUNA! SBristowSD6: So Everyone except Erin is coming on Friday? Amarismoon14: But donuts are better. MysteriousBob87: I dont know what im doing friday Amarismoon14: I'm trying to clear my schedule. musiknote2006: Maybe............????????? SBristowSD6: Fine then. SBristowSD6: Marten... Amarismoon14: b/c I'm Ash's ride SBristowSD6: You're fired. musiknote2006: I'm going if Sarah is.. SBristowSD6: ::Donald Trump Hand Gesture:: LuckEdc: Marten, we couldn't watch ANH today because my mom is sick and she stayed home to sleep. MysteriousBob87: poo SBristowSD6: Marten quit because he's a pissy drama queen. MysteriousBob87: I was wondering why you hadnt called after the normal breakfast time SBristowSD6: ANH? LuckEdc: But she's going to work tomorrow. MysteriousBob87: Is that bad? LuckEdc: No. That's good. At least if you're free tomorrow and can transport yourself hither. SBristowSD6: Obviously! MysteriousBob87: okay SBristowSD6: I transport myself hither! MysteriousBob87: I was talkign to erin, michael musiknote2006: Well, I must go start dinner Amarismoon14: bye, Ash!! LuckEdc: bye person I don't know Amarismoon14: you don't know me, either MysteriousBob87: thats nates girlfriend musiknote2006: I'm Ashley! musiknote2006: ANd I am leaving! MysteriousBob87: isnt it magical? musiknote2006: Ciao! SBristowSD6: It's a chat room, you're talking to everyone. Amarismoon14: Au revoir! MysteriousBob87: bye SBristowSD6: Bye! LuckEdc: Hi Ashley! Bye Ashley! SBristowSD6: Bye Ashley! MysteriousBob87: no, I'm talking to whom I'm talking LuckEdc: Who is the other person I don't know? Amarismoon14: Sarah! SBristowSD6: You're talking to your mom! MysteriousBob87: i dont know her either LuckEdc: Hi Sarah! MysteriousBob87: no Im not SBristowSD6: None of us do. Amarismoon14: Hi!!! MysteriousBob87: I dont see my mom SBristowSD6: But she seems fun! Amarismoon14: Yeah Amarismoon14: I'm tlaking to people I've never met in person Amarismoon14: this is fun! MysteriousBob87: I dont see sarah SBristowSD6: It's like being in a real chat room! Amarismoon14: That's a good thing Amarismoon14: I know! MysteriousBob87: thats because its a realchat room MysteriousBob87: go figure Amarismoon14: well, now it is SBristowSD6: I meant a public one, you wee little puppet man. MysteriousBob87: thats why it says chatroom at the top MysteriousBob87: I am not puppet LuckEdc: Marten's not a puppet. Although that would be funny. SBristowSD6: Like that episode of Angel. MysteriousBob87: or in chicago SBristowSD6: Ha! Amarismoon14: that was a good scene SBristowSD6: Marten's a press-corps! LuckEdc: oh yes oh yes they both reached for the pie the pie the pie the pie MysteriousBob87: since only michael and apparently sarag watch angel MysteriousBob87: orange1 Amarismoon14: no Amarismoon14: I was talking about Chicago SBristowSD6: Yeah! MysteriousBob87: so its just michael that watches angel LuckEdc: yup Amarismoon14: Alison does SBristowSD6: Sarah, the million dollar question is forthcoming... Amarismoon14: who only a few people know SBristowSD6: What is your favorite TV Show? Amarismoon14: OOH! Amarismoon14: Really??? Amarismoon14: Joan of Arcadia MysteriousBob87: shes in Amarismoon14: I love that show LuckEdc: Yay! I love Adam Rove! SBristowSD6: She's definitely in. Amarismoon14: YAY! Amarismoon14: I feel loved MysteriousBob87: meanwhile, I still want more lemonade-tea Amarismoon14: I love Adam, too!!! SBristowSD6: Claire would have been in, but her favorite show was 7th Heaven. Amarismoon14: umm...okay MysteriousBob87: I need one of those personal fridges SBristowSD6: And not in an ironic way either. LuckEdc: Everybody loves Adam. MysteriousBob87: claire loses SBristowSD6: I love Adam! SBristowSD6: In a straight way! MysteriousBob87: actually I hate adam MysteriousBob87: just to be contrary SBristowSD6: You Suck! Amarismoon14: Pooh on you then! LuckEdc: If you really hated him, you'd be dead by now. MysteriousBob87: or maybe i love him in a homosexual way LuckEdc: God would smite you. SBristowSD6: Smite! SBristowSD6: Counter-Smite! Amarismoon14: as in your smite key? MysteriousBob87: countersmite! LuckEdc: Michael, I hate to break it to you, but you're not God. SBristowSD6: No, it's a running gag. LuckEdc: I know.  MysteriousBob87: you cant counter smite if you smote first SBristowSD6: He who smites, smites last. SBristowSD6: Smite! MysteriousBob87: you can only counter smite smites that have already been launched MysteriousBob87: countersmite! SBristowSD6: Counter-Counter-Smite! MysteriousBob87: double-smite! Amarismoon14: I'll stay out of the line of fire SBristowSD6: You're fired. MysteriousBob87: smite absorbtion! LuckEdc: Ubersmite? SBristowSD6: ::Donald Trump Hand Gesture:: SBristowSD6: No! MysteriousBob87: Ubermcsmity-smite! SBristowSD6: That's the nuclear bomb of smites! LuckEdc: Um. MysteriousBob87: donald trump smite! SBristowSD6: How very Lorelai of you. Amarismoon14: Hi, Erin!!! How are you? LuckEdc: I'm fine. SBristowSD6: I'm good. SBristowSD6: Wait. SBristowSD6: I'm not Erin. Amarismoon14: You're not EWrin LuckEdc: Who's being Lorelai? Amarismoon14: exactly SBristowSD6: Marten. MysteriousBob87: I dont watch that show LuckEdc: That puts funny pictures in my head. SBristowSD6: Uber McSmity-Smite. SBristowSD6: Marten's a Java Junkie! MysteriousBob87: of me with boobs? MysteriousBob87: cuz thats too wierd SBristowSD6: Wow! Didn't need that image! MysteriousBob87: well, she said funny pictures LuckEdc: No. Of you wearing scarves and drinking coffee and talking really fast SBristowSD6: And dating flighty men. MysteriousBob87: I can talk really fast and drink coffee LuckEdc: Luke's not flighty SBristowSD6: Previous to Luke! MysteriousBob87: and judging by todays sitcoms i could date really flighty men LuckEdc: Luke's, like, the anit-flighty SBristowSD6: Christopher, that one dude, Digger? SBristowSD6: All Flighty Men. LuckEdc: okay, okay MysteriousBob87: but i couldnt wear a scarf unless it were on my head LuckEdc: yes you could MysteriousBob87: your moms not flighty SBristowSD6: Marten's a Babushka! LuckEdc: you would look pretty MysteriousBob87: I dont think so MysteriousBob87: Im not a scarf person MysteriousBob87: unless im really cold SBristowSD6: Well then, you're not a Gilmore Girl. 6: Okay. Amarismoon14: good night! and farewell! SBristowSD6: Previously on The West Wing:  LuckEdc: Night! MysteriousBob87: ompompompompompomp SBristowSD6: Ashley and Nathan were Slow. SBristowSD6: Sarah left. SBristowSD6: Erin came. MysteriousBob87: ompompompomp SBristowSD6: Jonah and Nathan left to eat dinner. MysteriousBob87: erin came before sarah left SBristowSD6: Shut up. MysteriousBob87: youve got your chronology out of wack MysteriousBob87: Omp! LuckEdc: Oh, Michael, I watched the ERs. MysteriousBob87: ompompompompomp SBristowSD6: Previouslies aren't in chronological order! SBristowSD6: They're in whatever the hell order they want to be in! MysteriousBob87: sure they are MysteriousBob87: ompompomp SBristowSD6: And if there was one more person here, I'd fire you. LuckEdc: Nothing good happened except that boy didn't die, and that other boy didn't die, and Abby passed her boards. MysteriousBob87: they should have all died MysteriousBob87: great for a finale SBristowSD6: Chen and Pratt were shot! SBristowSD6: That's good! LuckEdc: Possibly LuckEdc: I'm very disappointed in Neela, unless Parminder Nagra's trying to find a decent job, in which case good for her. MysteriousBob87: Im a cosmo coin and boy am I glad to see you icebox1519: ha LuckEdc: ah! another person! icebox1519: hi icebox1519: hi SBristowSD6: It's Rachel Bossi! MysteriousBob87: who the devil? MysteriousBob87: oh icebox1519: yay! LuckEdc: Hi Rachel Bossi SBristowSD6: Ha! icebox1519: Hi...person SBristowSD6: That's what I say! SBristowSD6: That's Erin. MysteriousBob87: Im prozac the bear icebox1519: oh LuckEdc: That's Marten MysteriousBob87: whats another large mamalian predator? icebox1519: umm... SBristowSD6: You may know her from such school plays "Once in a Lifetime" and "Design For Murder" SBristowSD6: Cougar! icebox1519: Yes, I know who Erin is...you play rugby right? SBristowSD6: No. LuckEdc: hahahahaha icebox1519: j/k SBristowSD6: Yeah. MysteriousBob87: Id prefer not using a canine or a feline SBristowSD6: Large Mammalian predator? LuckEdc: ... werewolf? SBristowSD6: YOUR MOM! LuckEdc: too canine? LuckEdc: POLAR Bear? MysteriousBob87: hmmm... MysteriousBob87: does zoloft cause mood swings? SBristowSD6: No! MysteriousBob87: I could be Zoloft the Werewolf LuckEdc: It's a mood stabilizer MysteriousBob87: i know LuckEdc: lol SBristowSD6: Didn't you see the commercial with the cute bouncing dotes? SBristowSD6: *dots MysteriousBob87: but it could have side efects that conteraidct the purpose SBristowSD6: The one dot is always sad, and then it gets drugs and then it's happy! LuckEdc: oh, like when headache medicine causes headaches? MysteriousBob87: yes MysteriousBob87: very much like that MysteriousBob87: Maybe, Zoloft the Lion will work MysteriousBob87: just as complimentary MysteriousBob87: to the bear that prozac is LuckEdc: Hee! She's a werewolf. Because she were a wolf, and now she ain't, see? MysteriousBob87: AUGH! MysteriousBob87: her was SBristowSD6: Oh, God. MysteriousBob87: she were SBristowSD6: Please don't bring the Pajama Game. LuckEdc: Isn't her? MysteriousBob87: but its the game Im in LuckEdc: And we can hardly wait to wake again to work in it! SBristowSD6: Game This, Bitch! OnlineHost: *** You have ejected MysteriousBob87 from this room *** SBristowSD6: Ha! SBristowSD6: That was funny! LuckEdc: Micahel, don't be bitchy SBristowSD6: I invited him back. SBristowSD6: Okay Reni? LuckEdc: ok LuckEdc: Who's... oh, that's my name. SBristowSD6: Yes. SBristowSD6: It's spelled wrong on purpose. SBristowSD6: Because you spelled my name wrong. LuckEdc: So I guessed LuckEdc: well, that was just a typo SBristowSD6: Yes. LuckEdc: Ah! Dinner's ready! Must go! Tofig36: blitzblog SBristowSD6: Yes. LuckEdc: Hi Thomas! Bye Thomas! SBristowSD6: Rachel, Erin and I. SBristowSD6: Bye Thomas! SBristowSD6: I mean Erin! icebox1519: wha? icebox1519: w icebox1519: why are we all saying bye? icebox1519: are we leaving? SBristowSD6: Erin's leaving. icebox1519: sorry, i just missed all of that icebox1519: oh, bye erin! SBristowSD6: Oh. LuckEdc: Ta-ta! SBristowSD6: Ha! SBristowSD6: Okay. icebox1519: what SBristowSD6: Thomas, you know we're starting the JournalCon on Friday at 1, right? SBristowSD6: Also, I need y'all to bring soda. icebox1519: it starts at one now?  i thought you said 12 SBristowSD6: Summer School doesn't end until 12:30. icebox1519: j/k then SBristowSD6: It also starts on Friday for some reason known only to God and Mr. McAfee. icebox1519: lol icebox1519: yeah, I was wondering about that too icebox1519: i think that's absolutely retarded Tofig36: summer school will perish icebox1519: that's cool SBristowSD6: Excellent. SBristowSD6: Hopefully it will take some teachers with it. SBristowSD6: Mr. Hall SBristowSD6: Mrs. Mohr. icebox1519: lol SBristowSD6: So have you both started reading the Summer Reading list? SBristowSD6: I read the list. SBristowSD6: That's about it? SBristowSD6: *. icebox1519: lol icebox1519: that's about the same for me icebox1519: acutally, wait, i didn't read the list icebox1519: j/k SBristowSD6: I'm scared of AP English. icebox1519: yeah me too SBristowSD6: The one teacher already hates me. icebox1519: we'll get through it together though!  which one? SBristowSD6: The other one is Phillipy. SBristowSD6: So I'm screwed either way. icebox1519: Yeah, I have mr. phillipy icebox1519: i saw my schedule already while at the counslor's office SBristowSD6: No! icebox1519: ? SBristowSD6: I don't want Phillipy. SBristowSD6: But I want to be in Rachel's class. icebox1519: why dont you want mr. phillipy?  is he really evi? SBristowSD6: Thomas? SBristowSD6: I heard he was. SBristowSD6: Ooh. SBristowSD6: Bad Teachers: SBristowSD6: Schulenborg SBristowSD6: Weichert SBristowSD6: Carrico SBristowSD6: Granger SBristowSD6: Stallworth SBristowSD6: Mohr SBristowSD6: Bui-Brown SBristowSD6: Sinclair SBristowSD6: Okay, why is nobody talking? SBristowSD6: Rachel, Thomas... SBristowSD6: You're Fired.  I want to STUFF the MONKEY!
    


	 
      a "fringe" environmentalist."   Hey! Guess what! What should have been a rapid descent into hell wasn't! National Parks have got their stuff together and have phones and some have free internet access and they're awesome!  Right now I am in Zion. It's actually 2:44 PM, because of Mountain time, but even though I don't like nature or heat or bugs, I am actually enjoying Utah. Beaver Creek already kicked ass and took names and I have exactly two minutes left so I'm wrapping this up.   I may get on tomorrow, I may not. I barely got on today, because a lady who must have been the Brazilian equivalent of Ann Landers took forever checking her e-mail.  And I'm spent...  Haha, tricked you, I'm a hippie.
    


	 
      So I'm back, at long last.  It's been two weeks like you wouldn't believe.  I met a girl named Blithe and one named Virdi, for those of you into weird girl names.  Also a guy named Jonars.  In the past week I've been working on Rat, the magazine for mall rats.  20 pages, three people, one week.  I have it as a pdf, and if anyone knows how I could upload it to the internet, that would be awesome, because then you could all see it.  Triennium, as Nathan said, was phenomenally awesome.  Words cannot describe.  There was a Wizard of Oz event that was like a Journalcon on crack.  Not only did we quote and snark, but there were Rocky Horror Picture Show-esque interactivities.  Thomas, Nathan, and I, as flying monkeys, waited until the witch said "Fly, Fly, Fly!" then ran around the audience in masks, fezes, and wings screaming, whooping and jumping. It was crazy fun.  A girl in my small group broke my slinky, so we cut off the broken part.  The girl (Maria) turned it into a bracelet, so now I have a half-slinky, and I can tell people truthfully that the rest of my slinky is on some girl's wrist in California.  If that's not awesome, I don't know what is.  Anyway, that's all I have to say, also that I'm gonna update Corndog really soon. 
    


	 
      Standing Stone was okay, but Triennium would have been better. I keep forgetting I'm the weird one. Mostly walking to and from the dam, to and from the rec hall, and playing cards, or video games when my cousins ditched me from time to time. It wasn't in a mean way, they just never made an effort to find me before they went and did stuff, and when I found them later in the day, they're all "Where've you been?" In my freaking cabin, if you cared to look. sheesh. oh well. Some are coming to Jekyll and Hyde.  Haha, tricked you, I'm a hippie.
    


	 
      I am back from Triennium.  I have no idea what to say about it in this post.  Thomas, Jonah and I formed a Harmonica, Didjeridoo (sp?), Water Bottle praise band called Slippery When Wet.  ummm.... Boycott Taco Bell.  Pittsburgh with an H, or Pittsburg without an H?  Say 'Bagel'.  Fly, Fly, FLY!!!!!! TWENTY THREE GUITAR SOLOS!  The Band.  Sumo Wrestling.  Global Partner Kickline.  Jesse of the pink hair.  Blithe, Darby, and Jazzimine.  Starship Tiderious!  Carry your Sandal....  Ok that made no sense to anyone but Thomas and Jonah, but I can't begin to describe everything that happened.  Suffice it to say it was really weird, but really fun.  Except maybe for the guitar solos.  Behold, verily, there is the woman of the scarlett letter, and, of a truth, moreover, there is the likeness of the scarlett letter running by her side! Come, therefore, and let us fling mud at them! 
    


	 
      Hello! I didn't think I'd be posting, but I am! Because the Residence Inn is Awesome, and I love it even though the location sucks.  Denver has been fun. It sounds lame, but that's exactly what it has been. Fun. I'm running out of computer time, so full details will be posted later, possibly in Zion.   Bye! See y'all in August!  Behold, verily, there is the woman of the scarlett letter, and, of a truth, moreover, there is the likeness of the scarlett letter running by her side! Come, therefore, and let us fling mud at them!
    


	 
      Hey, guys! I wish you weren't all gone. I'm sad and lonely.  Guess what? Comstocks, if you're being INSANELY spoiler-free, turn away. The official title of Episode III is Revenge of the Sith. Just as anybody could have guessed in 1983. Except us, I guess, 'cause we weren't born. But although it's an obvious choice, it's obvious because it's good. Certainly better than a title like "Attack of the Clones." So the sequence of movies (in movietime chronology): The Phantom Menace, Attack of the Clones, Revenge of the Sith, A New Hope, The Empire Strikes Back, Return of the Jedi. Hee. Little things like this give me such pleasure.  Marten and I have communication difficulties in talking about the movies, because he insists on referring to realtime chronology, and I keep referring to movietime. So I'll say Luke looks like Anakin in that shot, and he says no, Anakin looks like Luke. It's frustrating. Almost like the werewolf thing.  Behold, verily, there is the woman of the scarlett letter, and, of a truth, moreover, there is the likeness of the scarlett letter running by her side! Come, therefore, and let us fling mud at them! 
    


	 
      Well, the TiVo is set, the mail is stopped, the dog is in the kennel and the Christies are going on vacation once again. This time, we’re setting off for the west, metaphorically wagon-train-ing to Las Vegas with about a million stops along the way. It’ll be just like the pioneers, except with motels and a car with XM Satellite Radio and DVD Entertainment System. Our stops will be made in Denver, Beaver Creek/Vail, Grand Junction, Moab (Arches National Park), Bryce  Canyon National Park, Zion National Park, The Grand Canyon (North Rim) and finally ending our trip at the fabulous Paris Las Vegas Resort & Casino. It actually looks to be a great trip, even with the cumulative week spent in National Park Lodging. Because EW! I might be Audioblogging a bit from these locations, which will be fun because I’ve wanted to try that out for a while now and now I have an excuse. After my return, I plan to post a short day-by-day recaplet piece at What Kind of Day Has It Been, which I will then continue to blog on a weekly basis. Cheerio!  Behold, verily, there is the woman of the scarlett letter, and, of a truth, moreover, there is the likeness of the scarlett letter running by her side! Come, therefore, and let us fling mud at them!
    


	 
       urlLink    Caption this Picture   urlLink    Caption this picture! 
    


	 
      I HATE OLD PEOPLE!  Our neighbors are out of town and we have been given permission to use their pool. That's cool, no? Well it would be except the neighbor also gave permission to her mother to have a widow support church group thing. They were supposed to be gone by 7. They also brought a niece (I neded to mention that sometime)  They just WON'T LEAVE!  They're "waiting for the niece's mom to come." And she's late and she's really pissing me off. I wanted a nice swim today. Instead I got a bunch of old people swimming in the pool that is rightfully ours, since they had it until 7 and it is presently 8:18.  I hate old people. Behold, verily, there is the woman of the scarlet letter, and, of a truth, moreover, there is the likeness of the scarlet letter running by her side! Come, therefore, and let us fling mud at them!
    


	 
      You have no idea how weird I'm feeling right now.   It's 6:30 in the evening and dinner is on the table, but to me it feels like morning, because I just got up, having gone to bed 3 hours previously.  I don't take naps; this is why.  My sleep schedule is gonna be off for a week.  Anyway, they want me down at the dinner table, but to me it's breakfast, and it's way to early for me to be able to handle it. Ok, I've had a shower I'm a little better now.  We just saw Seussical! and one of the characters was so Thomas it was funny.  Thomas, you are now Horton the Elephant. Then we played DnD until until the wee hours of the night.  I was a drunken mad dwarf.  It was fun. Then I got carwashed.  ANd cars got washed by me, and so did the dog only not really.  Ok, more sleep now.  Adios! Behold, verily, there is the woman of the scarlett letter, and, of a truth, moreover, there is the likeness of the scarlett letter running by her side! Come, therefore, and let us fling mud at them! 
    


	 
      Right now I am at Paul's house, where we are midway thorough a Super Smash Brothers battle royale. Carl is sitting next to me playing MoH: Rising Sun multiplayer by himself. I'm Michael Christie, and this is the longest birthday party of my life.   I'm posting about my really really awesome great day. Because the Christie family has traded in their beaten old sport utility vehicle for...a brand new version of the same vehicle. But it has bucket seats in the back, XM satellite radio and DVD Entertainment for the back seat. I love the car, it is almost as good as an Armada. I'd write an ode to the Tahoe Z71, but this is the slowest internet connection ever, so I can't just run over to RhymeZone.com to find a thing.   Also today was the last day of summer gym, in which I got a B, because I cannot serve a volleyball, shoot a free throw, shoot a layup, run either a mile, 100 meters, 400 meters or two consecutive laps without vomiting all over the track. In fact the warmup almost killed me.   I have nothing to say about finishing gym other than:    Freedom is  mine !   And  I  know   how  I  feel ...   It's  a  new dawn .   It's  a  new day .   It's  a  new life ...for me.   And   I'm   feeling   good .    Behold, verily, there is the woman of the scarlett letter, and, of a truth, moreover, there is the likeness of the scarlett letter running by her side! Come, therefore, and let us fling mud at them!    
    


	 
      Eh, that's as good a title as any!  Did you hear the Canadian slipping in there?  That's courtesy of my awesome cousins and aunt, who are here at my house for a while.  We have been out doing things and stuff for a while now.  We hit the Children's Museum (the  DINOSAUR  exhibit is very cool) RAWR!, the bowling alley (bowled a  77   ), the arcade for some    D  D  R  , and of course, K-mart.  In case you haven't noticed, I'm     A  B  U  S  I  N  G   C  O  L  O  U  R!!!!!   (note the U, very Canadian).  The reason for this is that I am  VERY TIRED!!!!!  For instance, I can't tell my rights from writes. Or wrongs or lefts or something.  Anyway, this knew (I mean new) template line is a great one from scarlet Letter.  So Evelyn (wings) is right next to me now, and she wants this to be known, despite the fact that that means all her potential internet stalkers will know EXACTLY WHERE SHE IS.  Anyway, I'm gonna let her type for a short spell.  I have no idea what to right, so I'll (oops, I'm doing it too.  Too much cousin bonding time methinks) just tell you all to go read my blog which I'll be updating more frequently since my mom knows about it now and I won't have to hide from her when I post.  I'm planning a    "Surviving the Comstocks: Into the heart of Indianapolis's Insane community"    for my upcoming blogs, so stay tuned.   Anyway, I don't have so much more to say right now, so I'm gonna rap up this entry. Darn, well to save face, I'll actually rap up this entry.  (Beatboxing) The entry is over  I typed the last word  So stop reading now  Or I'll flip you the bird  Word.   (Addendum: How the heck does the Blogger spell check not know the word "blog"????? I mean, seriously!)      Behold, verily, there is the woman of the scarlet letter, and, of a truth, moreover, there is the likeness of the scarlet letter running by her side! Come, therefore, and let us fling mud at them!       
    


	 
      Thanks a lot, Erin. Not only have you bailed on me (for the second time), you did it after I went to fucking Glendale to see King Arthur. A pox upon you!  Behold, verily, there is the woman of the scarlett letter, and, of a truth, moreover, there is the likeness of the scarlett letter running by her side! Come, therefore, and let us fling mud at them!
    


	 
      Guess what?! Guess! Are you done guessing? Okay, I'll tell you now.  Yesterday I posted my Velma Kelly story-- Marten's read it but I don't think any of the rest of you have yet-- on fanfiction.net and it's been REVIEWED TWICE ALREADY! And the reviews are good! Really good! I'm so happy and excited about it! If any of you are interested, it's called "Closing Night" and it's a "Chicago" fic, which is under movies.  Also, I know the name of my roommate for next year. Her name is Katy Holmes. I haven't contacted her yet, because I'm not sure what to say. I need to think about it a bit. But it's weird, because for some reason I had this odd premonition that her name would be Katy. Spelled like that and everything. Hmm.   I am made of POISON!
    


	 
      My cousins are here.  It's fun, even if they are a little normal sometimes.  They make up for it by being from Canada, where Carwashes are apparently illegal.  I swear if we could harness the endless energy of ten year olds we wouldn't need cold fusion.  But I'll survive. In other news, we had a Jekyll and Hyde blocking rehearsal today.  I'm a pickpocket and  I GET PROSTITUTES!   I know I'm a little too excited about it, but you have to remember I  was  the girl last time.  It's nice to have hot ones hanging on me. (Don't worry, Ash, you're still my #1 girl) Also, Rachel, you might be interested to know that Brad just got upgraded from 2 or 3 lines to one of the three largest parts in the show.  I am made of POISON!
    


	 
      I'm back, too. I'm tired. I'm glad Thomas isn't dead. We thought he might be, and "golf" was just his parents in denial. Michigan was fun, I think we should do three days instead of two more often. It feels considerably longer, though. It was the first time in a while that we had to set up in the dark. On saturday I spent the day with a drama troupe, met some interesting people. It was kinda spooky, how similar they were to our group. They even had the same idea of combining bagels and muffins, as well as a few other inside jokes at least half of you guys know about. If we can ever get clothes for you guys, I think it would be fun to start a drama group. It would be part of my plan to revive vaudeville! We could sing and do tricks as well as act, it would be great.    I am made of POISON!
    


	 
      Thanks to everybody who came out for me to see King Arthur. For my official review of it, you can go to my LJ.   Really, I was just looking for an excuse to use that line as a post title.  I wish I could think of something else to say. I really can't.  Go and tell the children of the night to make beautiful music somewhere else, will you? I have a headache.
    


	 
      I would just like to establish that I am back. Also, I got my drivers license as well! Possibly on the same day as Marten. More details of my vacation shall be posted at a later time.   Go and tell the children of the night to make beautiful music somewhere else, will you? I have a headache.
    


	 
      Yo! Everybody who wants to come to see King Arthur: Tomorrow (Friday), 4:10, Glendale.  That is all.  Go and tell the children of the night to make beautiful music somewhere else, will you? I have a headache.
    


	 
      Have you ever lied for absolutely no reason?  I mean, I was talking to someone today, and I just... lied.  Totally inexplicably.  I didn't even think about it at all.  A total fabrication just escaped my lips.  It couldn't in any concievable way have helped me, but it could hurt me in many ways.  Immediately afterwards, I regretted it, but then there was nothing I could do, and nw I feel all guilty.  But what do I do now?  Just say, 'sorry, that wasn't really true?'  I mean I can't apologize if I didn't have any reason.  And why did I do it?  Was it something subconscious?  Whatever it was, it's freaking me out majorly.  Go and tell the children of the night to make beautiful music somewhere else, will you? I have a headache.
    


	 
      I've got my driver's license! I'm a licensed driver! Now all I need is a job to pay for insurance and 3 months so I can drive with passengers and I'm set!  This spaghetti would taste a lot better with grated cheese. hey, I was being literal there, but that would be a good template! or maybe not... I'm done!  Go and tell the children of the night to make beautiful music somewhere else, will you? I have a headache.
    


	 
      Okay, I know, the site is black now. I did it, okay, I am Spartacus.  (The Haikus are mine, though - Jonah)  It's the same thing as before except black. For those of you reading the site feed. It's really quite lovely, you should check it out.  Okay, I know no one is reading the site feed. Okay, this is diluting my message. Not that I actually had one. I just kind of...lost it.  I'll find it in a while.  Go and tell the children of the night to make beautiful music somewhere else, will you? I have a headache.
    


	 
      So it's 10 am and I just woke up so I'm all like "I'm gonna post on the blog, except that I have nothing really to say but I'll make up for it with my wit and charm or something" Well, I do have a few things.  For instance, everyone should know about  urlLink "Rock, Paper, Saddam"   Also, I would encourage you to all go see Fahrenheit 911.  It's a good movie. I went to a party last night.  The most interesting thing was probably the attempt to cut a watermelon with a bread knife. We ended up cutting a weird, jagged elipse around the melon, and then scooping out the insides with an ice-cream scoop and eating it with spoons. Also, if you haven't seen  urlLink tailsteak.tk  before, the Tournament of Things is just starting. To conclude, for Evelyn, I'm starting a Canadian COuntdown: 3 1/4 Days!  Go and tell the children of the night to make beautiful music somewhere else, will you? I have a headache.
    


	 
      There. I'm home now. Florida was all right, although I was sick part of the time, which sucked. I don't really want to talk about that. I did get to so some cool stuff at Universal, and swim in the Gulf, and we stopped and saw this really awesome Titanic exhibit. If anyone's ever passing though the Orlando area, I encourage them to go find it. It's called Ship of Dreams, and you get to go inside reproductions of some of the rooms on board, and then you stand outside on the deck, and it's really cold... Their attention to detail is amazing. It was a really moving thing to go through, especially for me, as I was a pretty huge Titanic buff for a while there until I'd learned pretty much everything. After we left I played the soundtrack to Titanic the Musical in the car. That's a good musical. You know. "No moon, no wind/ Nothing to spy things by/ No wave, no swell/ No line where sea meets sky/ Stillness, darkness/ Can't see a thing, says I/ No reflection, not a shadow/ Not a glint of light meets the eye/ And we go sailing, sailing/ Ever westward on the sea/ We go sailing, sailing/ Ever on go we..." This is material perhaps better suited to my lj. I'll talk about it there later.   Marten, sorry I wasn't here for your birthday. Happy birthday! (throws confetti)  Go and tell the children of the night to make beautiful music somewhere else, will you? I have a headache.
    


	 
      Well, Claire decided that I was beneath her and not worth her considerable time and pre-emptively attacked our plan of potentially dating. I guess it was because Jonah just made a much more comfortable body pillow. Actually, I really don't care, because Claire is the flakiest most non-committal person I know, and I know a lot of flaky non-committal people.  Okay, moving on to happier things: I! HAVE! TiVo! I'm so happy, I'm just TiVoing everything I can. I've got the British House of Commons on there tomorrow night. I've TiVoed  The Daily Show for the last couple of days and it's been great to come home from summer school and watch Jon Stewart and some really funny people do the news.  Okay, I am tired now. This template's gotta go. Ouch! A ferret is beating me about the shins!
    


	 
      Today is infinite improbability day! When nothing goes as expected.  It started this morning at the Wimbleton Womens finals when 13th seeded  urlLink Maria Sharapova  beat first seeded Serena Williams.  (In related news, I'm dumping Janel Moloney.  Maria's closer to my age anyway.)  Also unusual, Nathan watching an two entire sporting events ( I also watched Roddick vs Ancic).  Tennis is severely underated.   After that I successfully made an egg that wasn't scrambled.  A little while later we played hearts. Jonah and I each shot the moon, and I wasn't even trying to till I was nearly there.  Jonah got incredibly lucky at all points in the game.  After that we heard thnat the general assembly gay and lesbian ordination motion only failed by four votes, which is probably the most amazing thing.  Then we went outside and got caught in a terrible freak rainstorm.  Lots of weird stuff keeps happening.  It'll be worse by the end of the day, mark my words   Ouch! A ferret is beating me about the shins!  
    


	 
      All Bloggers, Sushi girls, Lawrence Fishburne, Zombie Frank Sinatra and the cast of Rent:  Happy Birthday to you Happy Birthday to you Happy Birthday/ 600th post/ Canada day dear Marten! Happy Birthday to you!  Nathan: Thanks everyone, and welcome to the Marten's Birthday/ Canada day/ 600th post spectacular!  Today we're gonna be-- Lawyers: That song is private private property!  You are so getting sued! Nathan: But we're not making any money of it! Lawyers: Doesn't matter.  It's online, you gotta pay royalties Zombie Frank Sinatra: BRAAAIIIINNNSSSS........... be a lady tonight! Lawyers: Arghhh!!! Nathan: Always said they were to smart for their own good!  Any way, Marten's turning 1 7 , and we're gonna keep the party goin' all night long.  Now I'm gonna turn it over to-- ZFS: Fly me to the BRAAAIINS...... and let me play among the stars! Lawrence Fishburne: There is no brains Jonah: Are.  There are no brains. Michael: You just corrected Lawrence Fishburnes grammar.  Do you have any idea how dorky that looks! Paul: Uh.. Nathan, don't you think you oughta -- hey, where'd he go? Jane: Ashley's gone too! Oh, don't ask! Mimi: Are we gonna do our number, or can we go home? Marten: Oh, go ahead Cast of Rent: FIve hundred twenty five thousand six hundred-- ZFS:BRAAAAIIIIINNSSSSSS Lawrence:I'm gettin' out of here! Cast of Rent: Seasons of Loooooooooooooooooooooovvvvvvvvvveeeee!          ZMS: BBRRRRRRRRRRRRAAAAAAAAAIIIIIIIIIIIIINNNNNNNSSSSSS! Nathan(running in, improvizing in Falsetto) Ma-a-a-a-a-arteeeeen! All: Seasons of Ma-a-a-a-a-arteeeeen!(BBBRRRAAINNNS) [Jazz hands]  Ouch! A ferret is beating me about the shins!
    


	 
      I'd do a birthday post, but, I don't wanna.  Ouch! A ferret is beating me about the shins!
    


	 
      Upton Sinclair's  The Jungle  Lithuanians are mistreated tonight In the Jungle, Upton Sinclair's  The Jungle  Lithuanians are mistreated tonight  A weiner wort a weiner wort a weiner wort a weiner wort a weiner wort a weiner wort a weiner wort a weiner wort a weeeeeeeee ooooowwweeeooweeooooweeeeeooowomaway  In the Stockyards, the Chicago Stockyards, The proverbial Lion of the proletariat sleeps tonight One day, it will rise up and kill the capitalist class  (Repaet refrain)  So ends my tribute to Upton Sinclair's masterpiece.  I seriously think it could work as a musical.  The "weiner wort", of course, refers to what they put in the sausages.  It's a great book, but it'll be weeks before I can eat another sausage.  In other news, guess what one of our numbers for the fall choir show is gonna be?  Hint: It was the title of an episode of  Sports Night .  There aren't Arabian ninjas, they just wear the same pants! 
    



           
      So I hadn't gotten three steps away from the kid when Ellen called. She was real excited about the job she'd done on the folks. I'm willing to bet she was doing her stupid little victory dance while she talked to me. Ellen can be a little unprofessional, but we overlook it because she's good - about as good as they come. I was sure she'd do fine with the girl's parents, but that doesn't mean she'd be happy about it. So I got it out of the way pretty fast. Told her there was a complication; tried to explain, but of course she wouldn't hear it. "And there was no way you could have caught him alone!?! Greg, you moron, she could cause big waves. Suppose she goes and tells her parents, or the cops. Do you know who's gonna have to put out these fires, Greg? I'll give you a hint, it isn't you!" "Actually," I cut in, "I thought you could start on the fire thing now. We need to get to her parents somehow. You got the database handy?" "Yes," she seethed. "Same high school as Ian, first name Scarlett." "There's two." "Check the mugs. Red hair, she has a mole on her cheek." "Got it. I have tickets to a show tonight. If I miss it you're paying." Click. Well I looked at Marcus, and he looked at me and he finally said, in the stupid question of the year, "How'd it go?" "Well how'd you think it went? She's ballistic, but she'll be over it in an hour. We got anybody else on the list?" "Chip's taking care of the other guy, so that just leaves one thing." "Who? Where? I need the data man." And then he stopped walking. He looked at me in a funny way and he said. "Look, Greg, This is weird, but, it's you." "I'm being recruited?" "Yep." "But I'm a recruiter!" "Yep." "WHAT!?!" "C'mon Greg, you fit the profile. Dissatisfied with your job, but out of other options, little to no social life, --" "But I've already done this! It didn't work the first time! If this is your idea of a joke." "Greg, this is right from the top, you  will  be a recruit on this mission," he said gravely, "Here's your time and place. Don't wear the suit." And we just stood there, he and I. I couldn't believe this. Me. Recruited. Geez. 
     

        



           
      I checked the piece of paper that I clutched in my hand.  Six o'clock, it said, at 1437 Dunhill.  Pretty spiffy, I thought to myself.  Dunhill is the biggest street in town.  Big office towers, huge shopping malls, even some luxury condos.  I figured this orginization had to be something big.   As I neared the address, I stopped the cab and paid the driver.  Not exactly a small thing.  Cabs aren't getting any cheaper.  I sighed and handed over more than half the money in my wallet. When I turned around, purse on my shoulder and small duffel bag in my hand, I saw that I was in front of 1429 Dunhill.  I continued down the street, staring up at the tall buidings that surrounded her.  1431, 1433, 1435... I stopped in front of number 1437 and blinked.  Twice.  Then did a double take. Number 1437 Dunhill was a number on a stick. And not one of those fancy plaques either.  No, it was a piece or wod with the numbers "1,4,3,7" written on in permanent marker. Ok, I thought, now what? After I had finished oggling at the wood on a stick, I realized that behind the sick, there was an alley.  A dark, spooky, wet alley. Great, I thought, I'm going to ruin my shoes. Now, before you say, 'Why is she thinking about her shoes? She's about to go on a wild and exciting adventure!' You must realize that these were very good shoes.  We're talking, a 600 dollar pair of shoes (that I got on sale for $150) that would now be ruined because of a stupid mission. Oh well, what the heck? Toward the middle of the alley, there was a small door, rusty, metal door.  I started towards, it but didn't get more that three steps before I heard a splash behind a dumpster right in front of me.  Immediately, I tensed up.  Being a single girl, I had invested in self defence classes.  I put my bag down on a semi-dry patch of concrete.   No sooner had I turned than someone jumped out at me.  A man dresed in black, ninja-style. How original. I made short work of him.  A swift kick in the groin took care of him.  As he lay on the ground, I wacked him on the back of the head, causing him to lose conciousness. Another guy tried to sneak up on me, but sonn he was lying beside his friend.  The third man was a little more difficult.  He actually knew a little bit about martial arts.  He attacked me from the side, hitting me hard.  As I lay on the ground, the wind knocked out of me, he stood back and did the whole, macho deal.  Unforetunately for him, he forgot I was lying within kicking distance.  Bye bye number three.  I picked up my bag, satisfied that no one else was going to attack me, and headed for the door.  AS I openned the door, I heard someone from inside say, "Very good, Ms Taylor. Please step inside." I stepped into an ankle-deep puddle.   Bye-bye $600 shoes. 
     

        



           
      Well, heres another one.  Could be different, but I doubt it.  I've been watching this group atleast as long as the recruiters, if not longer.  It's getting easy to figure out who they're going for next; the pattern is the same everytime. The kid with something to prove, the kid with nothing to lose, the occasional unplanned for follower, sometimes more. Funny, it happens often enough one would think it wouldn't cause a problem anymore. Still, they stick to their rules, I stick to mine. Sort of...   
     

        



           
      My mind is a constant jumble, really, but two major lines of though were lobbying for position as I watched the men disappear into the crowd.  First, I had been given the opportunity to finally make something of myself, and Scarlett had had to go and be nosy and ruin it for me.  That was the part of me that was dreading spending this much time with her, so close, yet so far away.  Being with her was just bad for me.  The other part, the part that was making me stare at her butt as I thought, was saying that maybe this was the opportunity I'd been hoping for, to prove to her that I was a 'real' man.  You know, good for something besides talking to.  I could just see it - I would save her life, she'd fall into my arms - only no.  It probably wasn't even real.   Scarlett said something, interupting my train of thought.   "Huh?" I said, "Sorry, I wasn't really listening,"  "I said that was really weird.  Who do think they were?" she asked.  "I suppose we'll find out tomorrow at 6 pm," I said looking down at the slip of paper. "Can you get there, or do you want me to pick you up?"  Scarlett looked shocked for a moment. "You're not actually think about going, are you?" she asked.  I was a little surprised; I thought she knew me better than that.  "That's what I said."  "Ian, are you insane?" A few people turned to look.  "You don't know who they are!  They could be kidnappers!  Lord knows what kind of ransom your grandpa would pay for you.  I really think this is a bad idea,"   Then why did you agree to it?  I thought.  That's the problem with Scarlett.  Well, one of many problems.  She's impulsive.   She's also paranoid, but only after she's made a mistake.  It makes for an annoying combination.  I remember once in eighth grade we were at an amusement park and she decided to go on this big tube slide, you know, the kind with the big inflatable rafts?  It had been raining on and off all day, so there was barely any line.  Anyway, we were in the raft when she realized she really wasn't dressed for a water ride.  Of course by that time it was too late.  She was cold and wet the rest of the day, and none of us enjoyed the ride because she was complaing the whole time about getting her clothes wet.  That was kind of off topic, but the point is, Scarlett isn't good at planning things out.  She acts on her feelings without thinking first.  I'm very surprised no guys have taken advantage of that.  Anyway, back to what I was saying.  The problem here was that she was right.  I had absolutely no reason to trust these people.  Nothing but a gut feeling.  Was that feeling really worth the risk?  Of course not!  But then if I'd ever put logic before feelings, Scarlett wouldn't even be a part of my life right now.  "No one's making you go," I finally said. "But this is my desicion; and I, for one wanna see what it's all about,"  "I'm going with you then," she answered. "I'm your friend and I'm gonna stick by you in this.  But maybe we can take some sort of safety measure.  Call the police, or get-"  "No!" I interupted her.  For some inexplicable reason, her perfectly reasonable lack of trust in these random people was making me mad.  Looking back it may have been a jealousy thing; you know, like 'how come you can think straight and I can't?'.  All I know is, I snapped.  "Look," I said, "You can go, or you can stay, I don't care.  But don't try anything like that.  It's..." I honestly couldn't think of a reason. "It's just not gonna end well," I finally settled for.  She just looked shocked for a minute, then the impulsiveness kicked in again.  "Ok," she said "I'll see you there,"  Then she turned for the door.    
     

        



           
      "Let me put it this way, Mr. Wallace."  Ha! I'd been working on that in front of my mirror all morning. I could tell by the looks on their faces that they were sufficiently intimidated by my all-black clothing ensemble, dark sunglasses, and serious expression. I'd been working on them all morning, too. I took a moment to hope that I'd remembered to unplug my hair straightener; the last thing I needed was another small house fire. Then I continued, keeping my voice completely level.   "Let me put it this way for you, Mr. Wallace. Did you ever want to be in the CIA or the FBI when you were a little boy, sir?"  "Yeah, sure."  "Well, you couldn't."  "I couldn't?" He was curious, and slightly offended.  "No."  "Why not?"   "Because this is how we pick them."  Significant pause.  I'd put a lot of weight on the words, because a big impression was vital at this point. What I had just told the Wallaces was a complete lie, but it was a good one. It tended to work on big men with mustaches like Mr. Wallace. Mrs. Wallace didn't look like she'd object to anything much. The FBI and the CIA were bumbling morons and I had nothing to do with them, but the important thing was what I could make the Wallaces believe.  I hated this part.  I'd considered a number of options in speaking to Ian Wallace's parents. Not the least of them was perhaps slipping a note under the door. This way worked, though. They bought it, hook, line, and sinker. They signed the papers; I was out of there.  Before I walked out the front door, I handed them a card. "My name is Ellen Leigh. This is where you can reach me."  My mouth was already twitching as a I said it. The moment the door closed I broke into a wide grin that quickly turned into a delighted laugh. I skipped over to my car, a black Mustang whose name was Sally, and slapped her on the hood.  "Yes! Yes!" They bought it. I sighed and allowed myself a momentary bask in my triumph. It was my first mission as a senior officer. I was pretty much the foremost field agent on the trip. For the first time, I had two suits working under me.  Ooh. That sounded dirty.  I slipped into the car and dialed on my cell phone.  "Greg? It's Ellen. I got 'em, baby. Oh, wait! Sorry. Unprofessional. Um, the parents are on board. Repeat, the parents are on board." As I listened, the grin faded from my face. "What kind of complication?"   
     

        



           
      So, as I was saying, Marcus and I got to the mall after a couple more conversational dead ends and started looking for this Ian guy.  Marcus showed me the pic. A kid, blonde, 5' 10', acne troubles.  "Little young, isn't he?" I asked Marcus.  He just shrugged.  That Marcus.  So after some walking we got lucky.  I caught a girl's voice saying "Ian." Followed the noise with my eyes and I saw him.  Also saw her, and she was quite a looker.  Brilliant red hair.  "Look at that, he's got a girl.  Candidates are necessarily single, aren't they?," asked Marcus.  "Look how he's trying not to look at her, not to talk to her.  They're not together.  My guess is she's an ex, and he still loves her, and she's got no idea."  "You got all that out of -"  "Oh c'mon. Let's help him out of a tough spot."  See, Marcus thinks I'm an idiot because I talk too much.  I'm smart, though, I notice things.  My favorite job is picking out the recruitees in the first place.  These recruiting rounds are just depressing.  I motioned to Marcus to start it off.  "Ian Wallace?" he asked.  "Yeah," the kid said, startled, "That's me."  "We'd like to talk to you alone for a few minutes."  He started to say sure, but the girl cut in.  "Don't go with them, Ian.  You don't know who these people are.  Whatever it is they can tell us."  "No, ma'am," I said, "We can't.  Ian has been handpicked for a special mission.  If we allow you to hear anything, you'd have to accompany him."  "Ok," she said.  She just wanted to win.  She didn't know what she was agreeing to.  "It might mean giving up your whole life as you know it, for an indeterminate amount of time."  I remember when I first started, I said "For God knows how long." Boy did I get chewed out for that.  "If Ian here'll do it, I'll do it," she said firmly.  "I'll, um, meet you guys by the Frullati," said the other boy.  Well, Marcus was looking at me questioningly, cause I've got seniority and this was my call.  I knew that if my hunch was right, recruiting her wouldn't make his life any better, but then that's not our job.  Well, it sort of is, but anyway I decided it was my best bet to not try and argue with her, or else I might come off as the bad guy.  "Ian," I asked, "What do you want to do with your life, what's your asperation?"  "I want to be a sculptor.  Of junk," he said uneasily.  "You think there's money in that?" I asked, evenly, emotionlessly.  "Not really. I mean, maybe, if I'm good."  "Are you?" asked Marcus.  The girl again, "He's wonderful!"  "They fall apart," he contradicted, "Even when I hot glue them, they fall apart.  The masters weld, but that's no good for the plastics and cardboard.  I- I see a whole new art form, but unless I can bond it better, no one would buy it."  "We'd like to offer you the opportunity to participate in a mission to protect your country, world, and way of life.  The risk to your life is minimal, but you will be gone for some time.  The position is unpaid."  "Then why would anyone do this?" asked the girl, crossing her arms.  "Ian knows," I replied, "And it's up to him."  The kid had a thoughtful look on his face. We watched and waited for a few seconds.  "C'mon, Ian," she said finally, "Let's go meet Jason."  "No," he said quietly, then louder, "I'll go."  "Here are the time and place of your meeting. Show them to no one, pack only what you need.  We've already sent someone to explain the situation to your parents; no one else needs to know."  "I'll be there," he said, uneasily, but happily.  "So will I," said the girl, glaring at me.  They ran off.  When Ellen got back from talking to Mr. and Mrs. Wallace, I was gonna have to send her to this girl's folks.  I'd also have to explain to her why I'd recruited a non-candidate.  I was in some deep... trouble.    
     

        



           
      As soon as I said the words "Why not?" the smaller recruitment officer's face twitched a bit.  Part of my brain recognized that he was suppressing laughter.  At my expense.  But the rest of my brain overided this thought almost immediately, so I didn't dwell on it.  I learned long ago that what my brain overrides, I don't want to know anyway.  So I moved on.  The smaller man got a hold of himself and handed me a bunch of papers.  "This is the time and place of our next meeting.  Be there with only the things that are necessary."  Then they walked out of the Starbucks and drove away in a black jaguar.  Nice car.   I finished my chai tea and walked out onto the street.  Suddenly the world looked different to me.  I had a purpose now.  No more boring Gillian, who brings Jim his coffee every morning.  I'm a new woman, I told myself,  I should act like one.  I straightened up, and walked purposefully down the street.  I got about five steps before my heel hit a pothole, causing me to fall on my face in a not-so-graceful way.  Relax, I told myself, More Queen Elizabeth, less Sandra Bullock in Miss Congeniality.  As I set off again, I wondered about what this mission was about.  Was it a secret government conspiracy? A mad scientist testing out time travel? Or did the Matrix truly exist? I hope it's the third one, I thought, I want a long black leather coat.  Plus working with Keanu Reeves wouldn't be too bad either.  Well, I said to myself, let's see how deep this rabbit hole goes.    
     

        



           
      Ok.  The beginning.  I guess it all started when I let Jason convince me to go to the mall.   Now let me just say so you'll know - I hate malls.  I like hardware stores.  Not malls.  Gaggles of giggly girls everywhere, standing around talking about the clothes they just bought, looking pretty and not looking at me.  I know there are all kinds of stores, but I prefer to go to those outside the mall, the ones that don't leave me feeling lonely and depressed.  Not that I really care what these girls think.  I don't.  But every so often I see one with red hair, and she'll remind me of Scarlett.  And I couldn't have that.  Not when I was so close to getting my life together.  Sorry, I'm getting off track.  Anyway, Jason wanted me to come with him to an electronics store in the mall to look at some gadget he wanted.  Since I'm the "rich" one, he figures I can afford to get him one for his birthday.  Truth be told, I probably could.  My grandpa owns ... most of the city.  My Dad won't accept any money from him, so I take it myself behind his back.  I want for nothing, dad still feels like he's being defiant, and no ones the wiser.  Sorry, off track again.  Anyway, I walk in the door and who should I see but, yup, you guessed it, Scarlett.  I didn't feel like plunging into another six months of depression, so I decided to avoid eye contact and walk briskly past.  Well, Jason ruined that plan.   "Hey Scarlett!" he says.  She turns to look at us.  Scarlett is named for her hair.  Beautiful, flaming red hair.  Down to her butt.  Gets me every time.  She stares at me and its like I can't move.  I can't do anything but look at her.   "Hey Jason!" she starts.  Then she sees me.  "Ian?" she says.  She runs up and hugs me.  It's too late now.  Another month of therapy down the drain.  "I've been trying to get in touch with you all summer!  Did you change your phone number or something?  And your e-mail?  And I don't think I had your IM right.  It's junkmaster06, isn't it?"  "Yeah" I say.  Now what?  I can't tell her I've been avoiding her.  I can't lie with Jason right there.  I closed my eyes and prayed for some sort of distraction.  Well, I guess someone up there likes me cause that's exactly when the men in black showed up.    
     

        



           
      "Sure," the woman asked, "Why Not?"  Why Not! Why not indeed.  It was all I could do not to laugh.  Well, that's a lie.  I'm virtually incapable of laughter or expressing any emotion when I'm wearing the suit.  Years as a recruitment officer does that to you.  If any of them could see me at home, with Fluffy, they'd never believe it was me.  Anyway, we gave her the papers, the time and place, and got back in the car (black of course).  "Where to next?" I asked my partner, Steve or Sven or Marcus or whoever was with me that day. (One of the guys for sure, but on the job we all act alike.)  "Guy named Ian Wallace, should be at the mall."  "Great.  Maybe we'll have time to go shopping."  He didn't answer.  I think it was Marcus.  Guy has no sense of humor.  I mean, none of us are supposed to, but I've never even seen Marcus laugh off duty.  We drove on silently for a while, but I hate long conversationless pauses.  This never was my dream job.  I'm not cutout for this work.  But then, none of us are.  The Recruiters are the leftovers.  The people who really did have nothing to lose.  Most people; finish their mission, have some epiphany and they know what they want to do with their life.  We're the ones who finished our mission and still couldn't find anything else.  Except Marcus.  I really think Marcus likes it.  Anyhow, I said to Marcus, to break the silence,  "What's with all the black anyway? Why do we have to look like we just walked out of the Matrix to be recruiters?"  "You know why," he replied boredly, "We can't standout in any way.  The recruitee's decision must be based on their own desperate situation, not on impressions of us. We must-"  "Be totally emotionaless, personalitiless, and uninteresting," I finished for him, "I know the creed, but I still think we could be uninteresting in something more comfortable."  He didn't answer again.  It was definitely Marcus.  What a piece of work.  
     

        



           
      I should have said no.  It would have been so easy just to open my mouth and say loudly and clearly; "NO! I don't want to! It's too dangerous! I don't want any part of this!"  But of course, being me, I didn't.  I said; "Sure, why not?  What have I got to lose?"  Well for one thing, I had the three packets of raspberry jam, sitting in my pocket.  They were there because they reminded me of my mother.  She  always used to tell me, "Don't go anywhere without a packet of jam.  You never know when you'll need one."   I realize now that I was only the OCD talking.  But still, I like to keep a part of her near me all the time.  Which is why I always carry around jam.  It is the only thing in my life that I've got to lose.  The rest of my life sucks.   I've got the worst job on the face of the planet.  I'm a secretary to the most disorganized man on the planet.  That's not what it says on my business card, but that is essentially what my job is.  Don't get me wrong; Jim can be a great guy... if you're tall, blond, and beautiful.  I would love to tell you that I'm all of these things, but the truth is, I'm none.  Which is probably why I have no love life.  My last date was four years ago.  I should ask my friends if they would set me up on a blind date, I'm that desperate, but I'd have to find some friends first.  All of these factors combined to bring me to the decision that I had nothing to lose.  Which is why, yesterday, when the recruitment officers came up to me on the street, and asked me to come with them, I didn't really care what happened to me.  They were, big, like six feet tall, and they were wearing black suits.  They told me, "You have been selected for a dangerous mission.  You may risk your life at some point during the mission.  Will you accept to undergo this mission?"  "Wait a minute," I said, "Why did you pick me? What redeeming qualities do I have?"  "That is not important at this time," the bigger recruitment officer said, "just answer the question, yes or no."  I contemplated my options.  If I said no, I would go back to my normal, boring, friendless, boyfriendless, mind numbingly boring  life.  If I said yes, my life would change and possibly be, dare I say it, exciting. Unwillingly, my mind jumped to  The Matrix  and suddenly I was 8-year-old Gillian, eager to go on adventures in made-up places, never thinking about the costs.   "Sure, why not?" I said out loud, "What have I got to lose?"     
     

        



           
      What's on my glasses?  Is that Jam?  How did it get there?  I don't eat jam.  Man, this is weird.  Jam on my glasses........... hmm...Maybe it got there when I was running from the Rhino.  Or was it earlier, on the Motorcycle ride over?  But then why wouldn't I have noticed it before?  Could I have gotten it in the future?  Do I even say that, or should it be "will I get it in the future?".  Time travel is so confusing.  It doesn't matter.  I knew I shouldn't have trusted those recruitment officers.  Oh, I'm sorry.  You must be horribly confused.  Perhaps I should just start at the beginning........ 
     

        



           
      Where did they get this Gillian? Certainly was full of herself, thinking she could take out a bunch of ninja's with a swift kick in the balls. These guy's were experienced. They've had deadlier things aimed at their genitals than discount shoes; they knew to wear protection. Still, couldn't let her fall before she even gets the details of her mission. Several feet of string put to good use took care of the ninjas and kept me out of sight. Gillian's feeling all the better for herself, and I Can relax in my hiding place until whatsisname comes along with whatserface. Ah, Ian, here he comes now. Wait, Greg? Greg out of uniform? What is this? Then who is.... Ellen. I haven't seen Ellen since... What is she doing here? Both of my old... Have They   figured out my game? No, they're trying to catch me off guard. Well, I suppose they have, but I'll not fall for this. I just have to stay hidden longer than expected for this one. I suppose this will be different. Perhaps I've rewritten their rules. Hopefully they won't do the same to mine.  
     

        



           
      I was not happy about Scarlett. And I was not happy with Greg for introducing Scarlett into the equation. But, for better or for worse-- for, as the agency would say "an indeterminate amount of time"-- Scarlett was going to be in my life. I was not particularly happy with my life at that moment, either. It's not all that often that we recruit someone as young as Ian Wallace or this Scarlett, but when we do, the parents have to be dealt with. Because I'm good with people-- charismatic enough that I usually get my way-- I am frequently chosen for this particular task. I hate it. I hate dealing with the parents. I hate lying to them. I hate lying to my parents, too. Or rather, lying to my dad, since I haven't seen my mom since I was thirteen. But it's a part of the job, and I love the job. All but that one part. Dad thinks I sell scarves internationally. Anyway, it took me about two hours to come up with a story to tell Scarlett's folks and steal the proper documentation from headquarters so that I wouldn't get chewed out. An exciting travel-study opportunity. Her friend Ian was going, too. Yay. I'll be honest, I do have a hard time keeping a straight face during the lying. I always have to practice beforehand on the serious-recruiter voice and the serious-recruiter face. The whole situation strikes me as funny because it's so very  Men In Black , or something of the sort. If any of those parents ever saw me out of serious-recruiter mode, they probably wouldn't even recognize me. So I want to laugh, but afterwards I always feel bad. After getting Scarlett's parents to sign on, which wasn't all that easy might I add, I had to make Mustang Sally speed to get to the play I had tickets for on time. I toyed with the idea of telling Greg I'd missed it and making him pay, anyway. Instead I decided to simply let him sit on the edge of his seat all night waiting for word on Scarlett. When I left the play there were already five messages on my cell phone. It was fun. The last thing I did that night before going to bed was check out my list of recruits, and that was when I noticed the last-minute addition. The next evening I was still so distracted by wondering what the agency had in mind with this that I was several blocks away from home before I realized I'd forgotten to unplug my hair straightener. Greg and I arrived at the end of Dunhill Street at the same time. At first I almost didn't recognize him. He wasn't dressed like a recruiter. He was dressed like a...  guy . A  normal  guy. It was slightly disconcerting. I guess I must have been staring, because he looked at me like a normal guy who's just realized you're staring at him. "Ellen." "Greg." Now he looked at me like a normal guy who is irritated because you're smiling in a slightly amused way and he's embarrassed. "I've been recruited," he said in an emotionless voice. "Again." "I  saw . And I just laughed and laughed and laughed." He was not entertained by my teasing. "Did you have anything to do with this?" "What? Why would I want you recruited?" "I don't know! To get even with me for the Scarlett thing. Or because you thought it'd be funny. Or something." "No, Greg, I swear, I had nothing to do with it. I'm not that high up. I'm just as surprised as you are, believe me." I paused. "Although it  is  kind of funny." We started to walk down the street to the alley. "Hey. Aren't you leading this mission?" he asked. "Yes," I replied. "First time. First mission since being recruited. And then being made a recruiter." I thought he might want to talk about our first mission, and how long ago it seemed, and how it was his second mission too, and the irony of me being promoted and him being recruited again. But he was going a different direction. "And aren't the leaders supposed to arrive at the rendezvous early?" "Ye-es..." "So how come you're just getting here?" "I was... I encountered... technical difficulties. Concerning the mission." "And the real reason is...?" "My bathroom was on fire." "Again?" "Gee, Greg, I just hope Fluffy isn't too lonely while you're gone." He stopped and turned to me. "How do you know about..." "Data, Greg. We know everything," I answered in my very best recruiter voice. I could see him turning red. It was then that we reached the alley leading to 1437 Dunhill, and stopped. It was quiet. Too quiet. This probably had something to do with the ninjas being unconscious on the ground. "Oh, crap," I muttered. "Gillian's already here."


     
      yoz! i'm back! after one whole week of absence, i'm finally back! man, i miss bloggin....... *starts kissing key board and screen...haha, kidding. i've been kinda busy lately...namely because i've finally started working and bcause of my jie jie's upcoming wedding...wah, u really wun believe wad kinda shit a wedding couple goes through man! though their wedding is like next feb, they're already getting all edgy with the preparations. i'm just the bride's maid man, but i can feel the tension too...woah...its tense i tell you.......the plus point of the whole occasion, for me that is, is that i get to wear this really adorable whole dress...lolx! someone should kick my ass man!   sometimes i really dun get it, weddings are such a big hassle why do people still so eagerly go thru it? i mean, not to say that i'm a big critic or wad but its the truth isn't it? when 2 people love each other, they get married, then they are fufilling God's words but what if they dun? oh, i forgot there is this thingy called divorce nowadays but wun that be breaking God's holy matrimony policy?    "LET NO MAN BREAK WHAT GOD HAS PUT TOGETHER"   in that case, why bother putting it together when u know u might just run the chance of breaking it? if man and woman are made to co-exist, then why do we hear abuse cases every now and then?  *haiz* so many things i dun understand but no one to explain it to me.........maybe i'll jux have to learn it myself.    dear Father in heaven, i pray that as i grow older each day, i will grow wiser too. i pray that i'll grow to be more and more like Jesus, to love and give unconditionally. i pray for the knowledge to understand the ways of this world yet not forget the ways of the kingdom of heaven. i pray for faith and patience to follow in Your ways and not be discouraged and let not my faith in You be waived by the slightest storm.  for all this i pray in Jesus's name, Amen! 
     
    


     
       People killing People dying Children hurting And women crying Do you practice what you preach  Or do you turn the other check?  From "Where is the love"  yeah, i'm back. i was reading the morning paper a while ago and once again, i was confronted by the ugly truth and yeah, trust me, its ugly. its like, everyday other day i flip the pages of the papers, there is bound to be some bombing or killing somewhere, wassup with people nowadays?? what the hell do you get from killing off fellow beings? don't they feel any pang of guilt or remorse whenever they gun down someone?? its a person for God's sake! don't they feel anything when they see the relatives and close ones cry about their lost?    hey, why dun u put urself in their shoes and think about it??   oh wait, i forgot, sometimes kill for revenge and for their beliefs. what the heck...... i thought Man were all made to be equal, no one's greater than the other. why is it that if even a monker like me can understand that logic, these self proclaimed "Religious Avengers" can't?? what's so difficult to understand? why can't people just be nice to each other for a while?    why can't people just stop and listen to each other? why dun they listen??    wun life be made a lot easier if people listened to each other and talked about their feelings?? its not easy to completely understnad another person's feelings and emotions but if we at least tried then at least it would help right? what's the point in killing and hurtung others just to prove your point or to proclaim urself superior or just hurt others to get revenge?? what's the point in it all?  
     
    


     
      hrm.....My alternate self took leave today. No angry shout outs or sad poetry today. Feels kinda weird, i mean I'm like so used to that part of me (psst, her name's jade) being around and now that she's off duty, it feels as though a part of me is gone. But no worries, i feel her coming back already, guess she misses me too. or should i say she's troubled by some news she read again....  gotta finish compiling my thoughts before she takes control again..........  Woke up kinda late today, feeling lost because exams ending soon and i gotta worry bout tmr's celebration dinner.......so broke, how to go? Guess i only got myself to blame, my om found out i lost money again and refuse to give me anymore for the rest of the week, making me totally broke lor....  What to do??  Still got an exam tmr but i practically wasted my whole morning and half the afternoon doing nothing. How pathetic is that?? Anywayz, Cherie found a job too and she's starting in Dec, i'm starting mine next Wednesday, man, its gonna be so tough ... On top of that, i jux realize that i'm gonna have a huge problem soon.  i promised kin hock i'll help him with tutoring but my work is kinda long hours......how the hell am i gonna fit the lessons in?? i dun wanna go back on my word, its not the best solution to anything... hrm, nvm, i'll work out something. 
     
    


     
      okie, i gotta admit, i was totally crazy last night with all my retro stuff......blah! i'm no yuppie man! anyway, i went with wendy for the job interview today and i'm proud to say, we've got the job!! oh yah ! i'm pretty amazed by how well the job interview went.......actually it was kinda easy, maybe the hr personnel see us small girls so give us chance..... *LOLx well, that was wad went well today, before i went for the interview, i had my history exam...and i dun think i was up to my usual standard............it wasn't good enuf man! i mean, i didn't even know wad exactly i was writing about lor...........its really, really bad..........feel like dying.......... 
     
    


     
      the biggest event of the year just took place this afternoon in the very hall of Riverside Secondary School's holding site in sembawang. students taking this year's GCE O level exams, namely and in particular, ME, Amanda Ang, actually found the a maths paper 2 easy!! Woah.........totally spacey man! *LOLx* well, that was the plus point for the whole day's exam, downside is that the chemistry paper really sucked! yeah........dun tink i gonna score very well for my combine science... feel so stupid suddenly. its like the pure science students have to do the subjects pure wor....and not many of them are complaining about plus, they are like scoring A's for it while me, i'm just doing it as a combine subject, its like half of their toughness man! and i'm already struggling like crazy.........boy, i feel stupid.   sometimes i really dun get it, how is intelligence determined? by a certificate telling the world how well u can memorise the textbook? or how well u can pull math questions apart and solve it? haiz..........i dun get anything! hrm.........maybe i'm like thinking too much and too deeply about too many stuff........its making my life really complicated and stuffy! i mean i'm a well feed, well breed kid, i should just be enjoying my life and youth man! why the heck am i getting all worked up about work starvation and the education system for?? maybe i should just learn to accept things the way they are like everyone else has............maybe that would like really make things a lot easier and simpler, maybe it'll make my day a lot brighter and a lot happier... what do you think?
     
    


     
      alright, forget my previous entry. i was rambling along, i mean hey, i jux woke up man............doubt my mind is even working right...anyhow, i'm like really bored right now that's why i'm like rambling again...:P   know i shld be studying now, but i jux can't bring myself to do it...ARGH !! wish i could kick my own butt. its raining now, i can see the raindrops falling outside my window, beautiful. i can smell rain too, cherie would say its the smell of soil but still i call it the rain smell, its my favourite smell...i'd make it into a fragrance if i could have my way, i'd name it ' Rain' (what else??). i bet it'll smell millions... LOLx   jay chou's 'An Jing' makes a really good accompaniment for the weather now. melancholy with a lil' sense of bittersweet, i kinda like it though. not that this spells me, its just that i like it, its like, i dunno how to put this, but its like someone is like trying to tell me his story, and its a really touching tale. almost worthy of television. despite that, it seems real. almost like he is whispering it in my ear now...     promises made but none held true forever is a wait, an unseen torment for the heart, for the soul  darkness seeps as tears start to fall, faith flutters as the heart struggles to hold   on to the promise, to the dream  such pain, such agony only one would know; one who is waiting, one who is holding on, to the promise made  so long so long ago  such pain and agony,  only one who have lost before they learned to cherish would know such pain and agony, only one in love would know    i'm telling you, i'm not crazy.....serious. 
     
    


     
      today's sunday already??? oh dear....that means i'm taking the rest of my papers this week!! yessss.............!!!! finally, the exams are ending, after all the hard work, its all gonna end this week.....woah, cool man!   though the exams are like gonna end soon, i can't help but worry bout the results.... much as i would love to deny it, but results mean a lot to me....its gonna determine the way people look at me and my folks, its gonna determine my future! what the ****... haiz....i guess this life.   when i was younger, i wanted to be a lawyer really bad, i wanted to be an avenger of the victims, i wanted to uphold the law (and join the justice league if i could). but as i grew older, lawyers became distasteful. most lawyers fought for money and not because of the truth. plus, you can never be sure if you are fighting for the right guy or not, and because of that, i gave up on the dream.   now, i wanted to become a doctor instead! lolx! my reasons for the choice was about the same, because i wanted to help people. i still wanna be a doctor now, but it jux seems that being a doctor is no easy job. people look up to you and sometimes expect you to be God. one wrong move or diagnose would mean your whole career is over. all the years in medical school gone to waste........... haiz, no job is an easy job........  till now, i still haven't got a really clear idea of where i wanna be going. i love performing arts and i really wanted to mess around in it, but andi's right. performing arts is tough business, especially in singapore. the arts scene maybe growing but its growing way too slow...! its no help that most singaporeans haven't been exposed to performing arts long enuf for them to realize the emerging protential in it... somehow, people still have this concept that to become a full time artiste means this person's full time dead meat. being an artiste is tough, you would have to be the best to really stand out from the rest of the wannabes out there, and make a name for yourself. arts can be cruel sometimes, it selects the cream of the crop and condemns the rest as sour cream. its a tough business.   have i told you that i'm really into music?? and that i had actually wanted to become a conductor or full time musician when i get my butt out of school? i doubt so, and i'm seriously starting to banish that thot...though i haven't been playing music for a very long time, but wad i'd been through these years, is starting to disillustionise me...... music is dirty business, most of it is politics and more politics. you gotta know all the right people and right connections to get somewhere, otherwise, you might just have to spend the rest of your life proving yourself to people, proving that you are capable. music maybe beautiful, it may mean the world to me but it can never be taken as a core occupation.   music didn't start out this way. it started as an avenue of expresson for people, a form of praise but as humans evolved, music evolved as well. true that no two music can evoke the same kind of emotion in a person as another can, or like shakespear said " if music is love, let music play...". music has played on but it has evolved to become a form of business too. a business that seldom holds much truth and full of cruelty.   whatever.................
     
    


     
      hehe...i'm back, nah, jux for a while only..... i was going through my mailbox and i came across this msg, which i found really touching....i know christmas ain't here yet but no time is too early for christmas, everyday can be a day of giving and sharing, of peace and joy. i hope anyone who comes across this entry will like this christmas story.  remember, all it takes is one small touch to change a person's life forever.....   A Touching Christmas Story On the last day before Christmas, I hurried to go to the supermarket to buy the gifts I didn't manage to buy earlier. When I saw all the people there, I started to complain to myself:  'It is going to take forever here and I still have so many other places to go...'  Christmas really is getting more and more annoying every year. How I wish I could just lie down, go to sleep and only wake up after it. Nonetheless, I made my way to the toy section, and there I started to curse the prices, wondering if kids really play with such expensive toys. While looking in the toy section, I noticed a small boy of about 5 years old, pressing a doll against his chest. He kept on touching the hair of the doll and looked so sad. I wondered who this doll was for.  Then the little boy turned to the old woman next to him: 'Granny, are you sure I don't have enough money?' The old lady replied: 'You know that you don't have enough money to buy this doll, my dear.' Then she asked him to stay here for 5 minutes while she went to look around. She left quickly. The little boy was still holding the doll in his hand. Finally, I started to walk towards him and asked who he wanted to give this doll to. 'It is the doll that my sister loved most and wanted so much for this Christmas. She was so sure that Santa Claus would bring it to her.' I replied to him that maybe Santa Claus will bring it to her, after all, and not to worry. But he replied to me sadly. 'No, Santa  Claus can not bring it to her where she is now. I have to give the doll to my mother so that she can give it to her when she goes there.' His eyes were so sad while saying this.  'My sister has gone to be with God. Daddy say that Mummy will also go to see God very soon, so I thought that she could bring the doll with her to give it to my sister'.   My heart nearly stopped.  The little boy looked up at me and said: 'I told daddy to tell mummy not to go yet. I asked him to wait until I come back from the supermarket' Then he showed me a very nice photo of him where he was laughing. He then told me: 'I also want mummy to take this photo with her so that she will not forget me.'  I love my mummy and I wish she doesn't have to leave me but daddy says that she has to go to be with my little sister' Then he looked again at the doll with sad eyes, very quietly.  I quickly reached for my wallet and took a few notes and said to the boy. 'What if we checked again, just in case if u have enough money?'  'Ok' he said. 'I hope that I have enough.' I added some of my money to his without him seeing and we started to count it. There was enough for the doll, and even some spare money. The little boy said: 'Thank you God for giving me enough money' then he looked at me and added: 'I asked yesterday before I slept for God to make sure I have enough money to buy this doll so that mummy can give it to my sister. He heard me' 'I also wanted to have enough money to buy a white rose for my mummy, but I didn't dare to ask God too much. But He gave me enough to buy the doll and the white rose.'  'You know, my mummy loves white rose'  A few minutes later, the old lady came again and I left with my trolley. I finished my shopping in a totally different state from whenI started. I couldn't get the little boy out of my mind. Then I remembered a local newspaper article 2 days ago, which mentioned of a drunk man in a truck who hit a car where there was one young lady and a little girl. The little girl died right away, and the mother was left in a critical state.The family had to decide whether to pull the plug on the life-assisting machine, because the young lady would not be able to get out of the coma. Was this the family of the little boy?  Two days after this encounter with the little boy, I read in the newspaper that the young lady had passed away.  I couldn't stop myself and went to buy a bunch of white roses and I went to the mortuary where the body of the young woman was exposed for people to see and make last wish before burial. She was there, in her coffin, holding a beautiful white rose in her hand with the photo of the little boy and the doll placed over her chest. I left the place crying, feeling that my life had been  changedforever. The love that this little boy had for his mother and his sister is still, to that day, hard to imagine. And in a fraction of a  second, a drunk man had taken all this away from him.  
     
    


     
      yoz!! i'm back! from jogging that is.....lolx no worries, i'm no health fanatic, jux like sweating, especially if i've got alot on my mind. it actually helps to clear your mind, actually its because you're too tired to tink of anything by the time u finish ur morning jog.........hehe....no super insights today. somehow, the world seems to be a lot prettier today then it was yesterday. maybe i should jux always look at the world like this....then i'll never get sad. thats a thought worth considering..............definately. =D gonna go watch my cartoons liao....cya later !
     
    


     
      Tears of laughter tears of pain tears of terror tears of shock tears of mine flow so free  now why do you?  drops of pearls  and of diamonds  caressing my face   as i bear witness  to birth and to death to joy and to sorrow to love and to heartbreak  tears of mine now why do you fall? i fall for love i fall for sadness i fall for pain i fall for joy more importantly, i fall because of life; i fall for you   you are love, you are joy, you are pain, as well as sadness all rolled into one you live for love and learned pain in return you live for joy  and learned sadness too  when things get in your way you never say no and turn to find shelter when the toughest situations  ascend upon your shoulders you took it in your stride  and made the best of it some where along the way, you've learned to be stronger, smarter you've learned to live, you've learned to just be you; I've learned to just be me and i guess that's all i need to know 
     
    


     
      i declare me NUTS ! Y?? Simple, coz I'm like so bored I'm sprouting nonsense online.........muhahaha ! My dad juz said I've grown fat........Man! Maybe its about time i go on a diet?? That would mean I'm gonna be missing out on my favourite foods...! Oh no! To not be able to eat is like the ultimate torture for me.........Especially since I'm a big food fan.  *haiz* wait a minute.....i see a really big irony here. i live in a very comfortable country with plenty to eat, a place where food wastage is like so darn high, and I'm actually complaining about growing fat and going on a diet! geez...! okie, I'm no saint, that i have to admit, but its like...HELLO!  there people starving out there and I'm declining my body of food for vanities sake! Wad on earth is happening here? People refuse food because they wanna look good (model skinny, in other words), not because they wanna be healthy. woah.......wad's going on here? people are starving out there for goodness sake! Some are so poor that they can't afford to feed themselves but fast food restaurants throw away burgers and fries that are perfectly okie to consume just because they have been outside for more than 5 minutes with no one ordering them!   HELLO!?!?! NEED I REMIND U THAT THERE ARE PEOPLE STARVING OUT THERE?? PEOPLE WHO WOULD DOWN EVEN THE MOULDEST BREAD THEY CAN FIND??   wassup with you people? Dun destroy food like that, its worth something to others even if u dun wan it. Kids are suffering from malnutrition and dying slowly and the disease consumes them day by day, poor folks who live on the streets can hardly afford to feed themselves 2 meals a day are also dying from starvation.  true, there are charity food houses around but lookie here! They need money to pull through too! Most people, not all, people i see, would rather spend their money on products to beautify themselves than to contribute it to a better cause....i mean izzit worth it? i believe there are more user-friendly ways to spend money, dun get me wrong, I'm not against pampering our bodies once in a while but to be spending hundreds of dollars on GUCCI and PRADA every other day is way off! I'd rather be giving it to charity.............It'd serve more purpose.   I'm not anti rich or anti pampering, I'm guilty of it myself sometimes. Wad i mean is to know your limits and well, think about the other haf of the world too! i dun expect everyone to be super saints and give everything away in search of the ultimate truth, i doubt I'll be that selfless myself.....Wad really irks me is the fact that there are people out there who believe that anyone who dun own as much or more than them should be condemned and that only they deserve to live in this world coz they are well-to-do............  WHAT THE HELL MAN ?!!
     
    


     
      yoz! Sorry I forgot to update yesterday....Can't really do so too coz of the major headache I've got...haiz. It always happens when I study too much... But well, I dun mind the headache coz I think it was worth it! Yeah! The biology paper was kinda ez today.. WAIT ! I can't say that coz everytime I do, I wan score for that particular paper... :P I'm jinx man......... Anyhow, I'm really in a good mood today cox of bio...haha! Never thot this day would come. Went for lunch for yi chun , Janet and Wendy jux now, oh yah, we saw wen qiang, kel and chin quan too... HI GUYS ! Weird huh ? Its like we're all classmates lor and we're eatin the same stuff but still we chose to sit apart from each other.... Girls one group and guys the other... Weird sia!   back to lunch, pas we were having lunch, Wendy made a comment saying about the exams ending soon, i thot she would like jump at that thot but she didn't....She actually felt sad about it. i thot otherwise at that moment but now, i can feel wad she feels.   its like, wow, we're gonna finish our exams the next week and i dun think we'll be seeing each other as much as we do now and i think I'm gonna miss everyone, even the ones i dun tok to...Its like, I'm already to seeing this faces around me and the thot that i wun be seeing the same faces anymore pretty soon got me both excited and scared. Excited coz i know I've moved on, to meet new people and go new places but I'm also scared coz I'd be all alone.........i wun have my friends to turn to for assurance and courage. I'm gonna have to face all this new stuff myself....The future seems so near yet so far.....Its kinda like having to venture into the Amazon forest alone and finding your own way out again...i welcome the challenge but I'm afraid along the way i might lose myself and my friends...The people who grew up with me this 4 years...i guess one will never know to appreciate until they've lost it, thank God I'm not one of them....  even now, i can still remember the first time i stepped into school as a newbie... lolx i look so standoffish! Man! Like a huge contrast to now,i mean i still look like that when i dun smile lah, but at least now, I'm more sure of myself and I'm like a lot friendlier lor! Dun you guys agree??? lolx :D can still remember the competition between the classes back in lower sec....The cheering competitions, robotics, class presentations and the syf competitions...haiz...All the memories, i believe I'm gonna remember even 10 years down the road! They're jux too good to forget, especially the people i met along the way, good or bad, all made an impact and taught me a lesson. More importantly, are the friends that I've made along the way....I've grown up because of them. I've grown happier and stronger because of them too...  for some reason, i can't help imagining seeing them 10 years later, at a class gathering.........Wad would they have become? Would they still remember me? or each other, how would they have changed?  really, i jux can't help but imagine......................
     
    


     
      yo yo yo ! i know i really shld be mugging for the bio exam coming up but i'm bored! plus the calling of the computer proved too much for me to handle....:P oh yah, if you guys are reading this entry any day soon, or at least before thursday, think you can do me a favour by leaving me your blogspot adds?? jux switch to the laptop.......everything is like new.....so okie??   haven't got any biggie to talk about today, actually i kinda dislike mornings....its really boring.........:P guess i'm jux a time waster if you wanna put it in on me.... wadever lah..........
     
    


     
      Guess wad? I guess to a certain extend all my worries last nite had been to waste! *lolx*  I mean the paper wasn't as hard as I had expected it to be lor, but still I doubt I'll pass. I didn't do the last question plus along the way I had a lot of faults....Hopefully it'll turn out better than I expected. Gonna be taking bio on the 13th, another scary paper... Haven't been very good at bio all along....praying like siao that I wun do too badly for it....need at least a B3 .... *shrugs*  guess this means I wun be sleeping for the next few nights....call me paranoid if you want to but I'm like this only when my results are concerned ok........They mean a lot to me, much as I hate to say this but in this world, what defines you (especially when it comes to job hunting), is still what is written on your report slip. Sad ain't it?? You can be the world's nicest person but without good grades to show, people would still be looking at you with disdain.  *sighzzz........* our reputation lies in the hands of others, much as we hate it but how people look at us matters. Reputation is really something that no one can afford to be fooling around with...........  can you imagine? If one day( dun get offended, it's jux a hypothesis...) someone discovered that Mother Theresa used to work in a carbaret, (forgive me...) as a can can girl, would people still have looked up to her as they had before? Maybe after witnessing her miracles, yes, but before?? No, people would probably be trampling on her and label her a sinner! Yes, such is life, cruel but true.  *sighzz*  wonder why people are more impressed by a Harvard degree than another of  equal standing local university degree? Cause' Harvard is famous for producing good students though not all who come out from there are equally good. When you enter Harvard, you are just paying to graduate with its letterhead, employers are impressed even if your results are mediocre, while another graduate from a local university would have to work doubly hard, score doubly well just to get the same kind of recognition a Harvard graduate have.  *shrugs and shakes head* nothing in this world is fair, guess we'll just have to accept. Only on Judgement Day, will everyone be judged for our deeds and faith. only then, will it really be fair.
     
    


     
      oh boy ! i'm gonna be taking my a math paper tmr....!! someone help me ! sometimes i relly think i should jux give up on a math, i mean i'm so bad at it....it'd really take a miracle for me to even pass! seeing an F on most of your exam scripts really dun help much, except to kill ur morale.......=P oh boy......i really jux feel so stupid now...it seems tat all the questions are actually jux repetitions but  yet.............ARGH .....!!! some one, any one, pls stab me....! i've got a death wish, wun hold it against you.........=P  can you imagine....wad if i dun get pass ? i mean, loadz of people did it and said it was easy! but wad if i belong to tat few pathetic lot who jux can't get through?? i mean, is my life over?? wow..........if all my life is worth jux for a piece of paper telling me, no the world, how good or badly i suck at math then seriously, LIFE SUCKS! not only so, it is freaking unfair too! AAAAARGHHHHH..............!!!   man..........i think i've really got some serious issues here..........
     
    


     
      oh yah ! i went with cherie for her dental appointment today and i had the most amusing experience there.  while cherie went into th much dreaded room for he dental check up, i was stuck outside with 6 other people. nothing to be pondering about you might think, i thought so too. what struck me was the act that evryone was so cold towards each other! no was even talking! ironically, the only sound heard, was the clicking of th hanphone key pads............. since whn hav life become so cold and distant that our only mode of communication belonged to the machines ? not tat i'm against machines.........its juz tat it make ppl distant and cold....it lacks that human touch.  wad happend to saying hello, smilling and complimenting, even stangers, people juz to brighten up someone's day? sigh.............those were the days i guess  
     
    


     
      YES !! i got in ! was locked out last night coz' i forgot my usernme............ how lame is that ??? 
     
    


     
      oh yah ~!  i know its like 1mth 21days away from christmas but juz in case santa sees my blog... HERE"S MY CHRISTMAS LIST !   1. Really GOOD GRADES for my exam... 2. A miyazawa flute 3. A digital cam 4. My own laptop 5. A MD/ new discman would do too...:) 6. A job!  7. New clothes  8. Lots of sleep ........ZzZzZ    
     
    


     
      i'm bored. i need something or some one to come into my life ! 
     
    


     
      oh my GOd! it has been so long since i last updated my blog!! Argh.....can't blame me though... imagine this, a rather skinny girl having to wrestle her brother, who is roughly 2x her size, every night just to update her blog, by the time she gets it she is like too tired to write ~~lolx   wad ever it is, i'm back and that is all that matters rite?? anywayz, during the period of my absence online, i got my writing mojo back. wrote quite a lot of lame poems but misplaced them ....most of them are really sad though.......... dunno y but i've been kinda down lately. very melancholy, very sombre, very unlike me. its all about dead and lonliness....very sad. that's one of the reason y i refuse to publish them, life is beautiful and bright, ppl have their own problems to handle, shouldn't make life even darker by letting em read my stuff ....  for some reason, i think i'm a very dark person. i can't seem to write about anything happy. i read so of the stuff i wrote some yrs ago....they are so dark they scare me. i think i've got an identity crisis and split personality....haven't been reading the newspaper since i started work. actually haven't been reading anything since i started work... my brain is deterioating... not reading oso has its plus points, at least i wun think so much...lolx contradicting myself...i wanna think or i'll go crazy and become senile but i dun wanna think too much in the process lest' i trouble myself too much over things that aren't to be
     
    


     
      hrm....today's my day off and i'm actually kinda bored leh! went downtown with cherie jux now, kinda tired lor. nothing to do mah. i jux realize that i'm losing my writing mojo! ARGH....!!! i use to be able to write anything as long as i've got a space to write on but now, i can't even write sitting at the desk for a long long time! hiyo...how??? i can lose anyhting but my writing mojo! its like my life man! 
     
    


     
      wow! i'm really lagging back on my blogs man...think i really gotta make it a point to come online more often...  anywayz, today is world AIDS day, i've kinda got a thousand and one things going on in my head now. i watched the movie   last night. its actually about the start ad spread of the AIDS virus. i almost cried. the courage that AIDS victims have is incredible, their will to live surpasses many healthy living people. the radio had something on about the story of bobby white too and its really getting me to start thinking about my life. i should be happy, i'm healthy and living well. i've got friends all around me and yet, i complain over the smallest things. i forgot that there are people out there who are more unfortunate than i am.   surprising isn't it? we will never know to appreciate what we have until we lose it. its the same with life, its often when u are about to lose it then will u start to really live it. i pray i'll never make this mistake. darts, i really can't write anymore, i've got so many words swimming around in my head, waiting to be written down but i can't do it. i guess it'll have to wait till tmr, when i'm feeling less sad i guess.     hey, this is to anyone who comes across this blog. pls dun treat AIDS victims like outcasts, some of them are just as innocent as you and me, they deserve as much respect as any other living person. in fact i think they deserve much more respect than what some people are giving them. they have the courage to live on and they believe in life, they never looked down on themselves, it really takes a great deal of courage to do this, give them credit for it.in the main time, pls practice safe sex and keep to one sexual partner only, you are not only doing yourself a big favour, you are also making our world a safer place for children to play and grow up in. AIDS is only spread through sexual intercourse and by blood, its not air borne and its not passed through saliva. today is world AIDS day, do show your support for these victims regardless of colour or race.   
     
    


     
      hrm........nothing much on today, or should i say this week. something just entered my mind yesterday, would anyone like another to forget the first? hrm....if so, den wun it be kinda unfair to the later?? in this case y would anyone want to do so? is it better to love or be loved in return? hrm...wad is considered better? it all depends on the person loving u and the one u're loving in return doesn't it?   it differs one from another. if one is to say that loving one is more fortunate then let me put across then. what if the person that u have given u're heart to isn't one who'll reciprocrate ur feelings? then in this case is it still more fortunate to love than to be loved? is all the pain worth it? isn't it better to be placing ur heart into someone else who will appreciate wad u have offered? silly as it may sound, i'd rather love than to be loved. to love another would mean i'm given the choice of whom to choose to love. i'd find it harder to be facing, yes, someone who loves me but isn't someone i love at all. it'll make my life miserable and his, a dillusion. this way, it hurts both parties. if it muz be den i'd rather i be the one to be hurting, hey, at least onli one person needs to suffer rite?    love is best given and received best shared and presented  but alas, love makes us fools too blind to perceive  too blind to judge  love binds but it also breaks one once said love is about sacrifices never about being sorry perhaps its true  a mixture of letting go and holding on a mixture of remembering and forgiving a mixture of laughter and tears a wait, a simple wish, a hope upon a falling star, waiting to come true 
     
    


     
      ok, i know i haven't been a good blogger lately. especially with all my missed out entries. i'm kinda sick today so i dun think i have much to write about either, jux wanna post my favourite song up here for all to know, that's all i have in mind i guess.... urgh..........i'm feeling pukey again....        Lover's Concerto     * How gentle is the rain, that falls softly  on the meadow. Birds high up on the trees,  serenade the clouds with their melodies.*   Repeat *   Oh... See there beyond the hills,  the bright colors of the rainbow.  Some magic from above.  Made this day for us, just to fall in love.  You'll hold me in your arms,  and say once again you'll love me.  And that your love is true,  everything will be just as wonderful.   Now, I belong to you,  from this day until forever.  Just love me tenderly and I'll give to you  every part of me.  Oh! Don't ever make me cry,  through long lonely nights without us.  Be always true to me, keep this day  in your heart eternally.  You'll hold me in your arms, and say  once again you love me.  And that your love is true,  everything will be just as wonderful.   
     
    


     
        oh yeah! a brand new year, brand new beginnings for all!     while the clock struck 12 midnight, i was talking on the phone with my friend and it was then that i realize how unexcited i am about the upcoming new year. sad case isn't it? it's a brand new year and i'm sulking away about it. didn't even wanna watch the count down show, it seemed like a facade. everyday can be a new year if u want it to be, why bother making this one day so different from the rest? wun it be better if we took everyday to be a brand new year, brand new beginnings for all??   forgive me, that was the sour me talking. new year day came and passed just like that. so quickly and so swiftly...dunno what to make of it too. forget it....  anyway, back to last nite. i was just sitting around doing nothing after i hung up so i decided to do a  'NEW YEAR DAY REFLECTION' , to which i found really surprising coming from me. i hate doing reflections, it makes me look bad and reminds me of the bad stuff that happened and my failures. nevertheless, i still did it and i'm glad i did. it gave me time to think about my life, where i wanna be heading in future and what i wanna do in future. although it was a lil' sour going through my mistakes and faults, i had fun poking fun at myself and i've decided that i'll start off my new year on a fun and happy note rather than a sour one. so here goes, my new year reflection....  year 2003 had been a rather frightful year, especially with the O levels and all but i muz say i had fun and enjoyed it too. first up, 2003 taught me the value of time and the value of friends and that it was alright to be vulnerable sometimes. throughout the whole of last year, there were a lot of times where i couldn't possibly have gone on if i hadn't got my friends with me. to lend me their shoulders when i get too burdened by my surroundings and an out reached hand, ready to pull me up wheni fall. i also learnt the meaning of value for money, or in this case, value for time. after all the freaking effort i've put into my band, we finally managed to get a medal. it wasn't wad i had wanted but it was wad i had expected. we could have done better most definately, but i guess to a certain extend it was good enuf that we got a medal. mayb i should learnt o be less demanding and less of a perfectionist...haha, i'm pretty sure many people will agree with this statement. i'm a very demanding perfectionist, not a total perfectionist but yeah, still one. i'm pretty sure it'll make a lot of people's lives easier. didn't spend enough time studying last year, so i dun think i'm gonna do very well for my Os...promise that i'll work like shit next year once i get into the sch of my choice, which is most probably gonna be a poly. i'm gonna do mass communications or business. i so promise to work my butt off to make it to the top and get into the uni.   the 2nd saddest thing about 2003 is that i still failed to get a boyfriend...*sobz..* yeah, sad rite?! haiz...think its got something to do with the way i look...especially when i dun smile. the feedback i get is that i look too proud and stand offish...! *sobz* not my fault, really. i just happen to not like smiling a lot, that's all. never mind, resolution no.4, smile more for this year! =) i've got to learn to be more open and friendly lah....otherwise i doubt i'll ever get a boyfriend..(wahahahaha!!) =) ok, i'm smiling more this year... not onli so, i gotta learn to be more open with my thoughts and feelings too!! andi is right, i built a wall around myself to keep myself from being hurt by people, but its also preventing people from knowing me and me from knowing them. so yeah, its time for the wall to go...can't break it down all at once, but i can try slowly...hey, they didn't break the Berlin Wall down in one night you know? ok, mayb they did but it was also after much struggle and much lost that the wall finally came down,so yeah...i'm picking it up soon. its not gonna be easy but i'm sure i'll make it. hey girl! have confidence in urself! another thing that i wanna do is to fulfill my wish to tour!! yeah! talked to kim hock last night, we gonna go tour malaysia next june...before poly starts...! wahahaha....mayb go look for more people to go also, more fun mah. although touring malaysia is like no biggie but it is already a big step for me...gotta take things easy remember? relax a lil' and be less demanding. i'll start with malaysia then then next year thailand, then china, then taiwan, then the world!! haha...nah, my no. XX resolution for the year, travel more. yeah, gonna try and save as much as i can then go travel every year... haha! yeah, travel every year. not the package tours that like cost a bomb lah, i'll go free and easy, go back packing... ;) sounds like fun right?? yeah, it has been a long tern dream of mine already, but i was too young before so i couldn't fulfill it, but now, i'm 16 going on 17, i think my folks trust me well enough to travel on my own... resolution no. XX+1, get a digital camera before i go travelling, one with all the works and stuff. i wanna go take pictures of the places i've visited, enlarge my photo collection. most the shots i've taken so far are all centralised in singapore. i call them the  'Images Of Singapore Through My Lens'   next up, gonna enlarge the collection and call it,  'The World Through My Eyes'  haha...i know the name is a lil' cliche but i like it, too bad.   Resolution no. (XX+1)+1, i'll be less stubborn and be a lil' more tactful... lolx =D kinda hard la, but i can always try can't i? hrm, think its about time i curb my stubbornness...it can cause quite a lot of trouble sometimes...and being a lil' more tactful would most definately help in everyday life too. hiya, in short, i wish to be a better person for this year la! i'll learn to appreciate the lil' things in life and learnt to love life more with each passing day. people come and people go, instead of feeling bitter, i'll learn to be thankful for the things that they have brought into my life and the lessons that they have taught me so well. for this new year, i'll learn to love the Arts more, any aspect of it. =) a few black sheeps aren't worth sacrificing my love for the Arts. let it be music, dance or stage, they are all different people's ways of expressing themselves. i guess the Arts is the freedom of expression of the individual. i'll learn to appreciate that expression and love that freedom.   ok, think i'll just stop here...my reflection is getting to be really long. lolx  =D think this is gonna be a pretty good year ahead so,  HAPPY NEW YEAR blog!   
     
    


     
      Oh man! I didn't get into the mass communications course.... I'm damn freaking pissed off man! Hey, lookie here, i applied for the mass com course at all five polys and i got into none of em! Wad the hell happened here? Not to say that i think highly of myself, but hey! My grades aren't that bad lor....i should have at least have got into NYP's mass communications and management course rite? Its a new course lor....with my english grade i shld get in rite? Wadever man...its their lost.. U know wad? Maybe Wendy is rite, i might do better in business than at mass com. The competition is much more intense lor....i think. Haha, i've got over it le la, juz wanna complain that's all... Haven't been reading the papers lately...got bit lagging behind the frontlines...hehe. Nothing much happened lately too except that i got picked up by a few guys at work...HAHA!  Weird sia! Something like that would never have happened at Metro lor. One's a chinese guy from Beijing. He came looking for clothes then started chatting wid me (haha) and asked for my number and whether i was free after work. LoLX, weird sia...  Second guy was a malay guy. He thot i was a malay at first den started asking me qns in malay (wad am i to do? i look like malay wad...), i smiled back politely and told him i'm chinese. U shld have seen the expression on his face sia! Shocked is the word....but that sure didn't stop him...he continued chatting and flirting with me lor. Wah kao, i really dunno wad to do sia....want to ditch him oso cannot! Thank God for William sia...haha! I sent the malay guy to the cashier and (thankfully) saw William nearby and (haha) excused myself to help him with his stuff... I rather work than be near that guy any minute longer lor...lolx  Anyway, I'm off today so jux slacking at home lor. Tmr's my birthday lei! Hahahehe....my 17th birthday le. I want my presents!! LoLx. Haven't received any presents yet lei...dunno if I'm gonna get any this year, especially since i'm not in school now and everyone else is busy with their own stuff...Haix...  To Those Who Know Me;   Tomorrow Is My Birthday Lei!! Remember My Presents HOr!!! Hehe.... Cheers people! 
     
    


     
       Love,  a word of trust and hope that binds two souls as one  Love, a word misused, misplaced tears apart a person from within  It turns you inside out with the rawest emotions  of the soul within   It twists and turns  and blows you away  and out of sight  But yet, nothing pleases more than a lover's smile on you or the other   Ironies of life yet truth of love makes one happy to see the other so   
     
    


     
      haven't blogged for so long, i almost forgot the address for the homepage......how lame is that?? anywayz, i just found out not too long ago that actually ky shares my sexual identity (woah!!) but he's in a much worse predicament than i'm in. i'm happily attached to a guy who loves me and whom i love very much dearly too but in ky's case, this might neva happen to him. i have no idea how i would handle it if i were him. it'll probably kill me....( it might, i've already had a hard time hiding my feelings for my dear...) imagine his agony!!   for some reason, i can't help but feel like splitting the truth to XX but i know if i do that its a betrayal of trust between two friends....it wun be fair to ky either. think i shld juz let things take shape themselves.....its not within my control neither shld it be........he's probably going thru wad i went thru except its 2x worse. feel like kicking myself in the butt. it feels like i'm not really doing enuf to help him. wish i could share his agony and pain so that it'll be less horrible on him.... Hey, if u're reading this blog, i just wanna tell u that my phone is on 24/7, just drop me a msg or line whenever u feel like u need someone to scream out to alright?? love ya, and dun think too much ok? 
     
    


     
      i'm a slut i'm a tramp i'm bimbo i'm a bitch i'm a slut i'm a tramp i'm a bimbo  i'm a  bitch i'm a slut i'm a  tramp i'm a bimbo i'm a bitch i'm a slut i'm a tramp i'm a bimbo i'm a bitch i'm a slut i'm a tramp i'm a bimbo i'm a bitch i'm a slut i'm a tramp i'm a bimbo i'm a bitch i'm a slut i'm a tramp i'm a bimbo i'm a bitch i'm a slut i'm a tramp i'm a bimbo i'm a bitch i'm a slut i'm a tramp i'm a bimbo i'm a bitch i'm a slut i'm a tramp i'm a bimbo i'm a bitch i'm a slut i'm a tramp i'm a bimbo i'm a bitch i'm a slut i'm a tramp i'm a bimbo i'm a bitch i'm a slut i'm a tramp i'm a bimbo i'm a bitch i'm a slut i'm a tramp i'm a bimbo i'm a bitch i'm a slut i'm a bimbo i'm a tramp i'm a bitch i'm a slut i'm a bimbo i'm a tramp i'm a bitch i'm a slut i'm a a bimbo i'm a tramp i'm a bitch i'm a tramp i'm a slut i'm a bimbo i'm a bitch i'm a slut i'm a tramp i'm a bimbo i'm a bitch i'm a aslut i'ma a tramp i'm a a bimbo i'm a bitch i'm a slut i'm a tramp i'm a bimbo i'm a bitch i'm a  slut i'm a bimbo i'm a tramp i'm a bitch i'm a slut i'm a tramp i'm a bimbo i'm a bitch   slut bimbo tramp bitch  slut bimbo tramp bitch slut bimbo tramp bitch slut bimbo tramp bitch slut bimbo tramp bitch slut bimbo tramp bitch slut bimbo tramp bitch  slut bimbo tramp bitch  slut bimbo tramp bitch slut bimbo tramp bitch  slut bimbo tramp bitch slut bimbo tramp bitch slut bimbop tramp bitch slut bimbo tramp bitch  slut bimbo tramp bitch  slut bimbo tramp bitch slut bimbo tramp bitch  slut bimbo tramp bitch  slut bimbo tramp bitch slut bimbo tramp bitch  slut bimbo tramp bitch  slut bimbo tramp bitch  slut bimbo tramp bitch slut bimbo tramp bitch  slut bimbo tramp bitch slut bimbo tramp bitch slut bimbo tramp bitch slut bimbo treamp bitch   whore wqhore whore whore nwhore whore whore whore whore whpore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whroe whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore wwhore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore whore  i love u i really do...if onli i caolud turn back time i'd neva have let it happened. i love u i really do i love u i really do i love u i really do i love u i really do i love u i really do i love u i really do i love u i really do i love u i really do i love u i really do i love u i really do i love u i really do i love u i really do   zhiwen, i really love u, i'm sorry for the hurt i've caused i really want u to forgive me but i know u can't please dun leave me i love u
     
    


     
      hrm...I'm bored. Yup,you got that right, I'm bored. I jux realize I've got a very passionate boyfriend, passionate about music that is. Once he starts playing he practically forgets the whole world except his music. Sometimes  I really can't help but wonder if this is a good thing or a bad thing. Well, no matter wad, I love him still. I guess this was why I was attracted to him on the first place, his passion for much and the way he interprets it is really beautiful, he's got a beautiful mind although it gets a little crowd at times and I can't read into it but still I think its beautiful... =)oh man, I miss him........  anyway, enough of him. I was reading this book on Chinese history just a while ago before I came online(the translated and shortened version that is...)and sad as this is gonna sound. I found it rather absurd, the Confucius part that is. I mean I'm a history student by choice and I love reading up about it. I haven't studied history in depth (well, they dun offer it to poly students...)but I did do it for 4 years and I'm a pretty good history student(I think...). I've read about historical events of the world since I'm in primary school man! History is the story about dead people but it is also a lesson learned and trialed by time. Well, I'm moving away from wad I wanted to start tying about about in the first place so, uh hrm, I'm back.   as I was saying, I was reading up about the history of china from the beginning to the three kingdoms. I gotta say, I found it very interesting except for the part that Confucius had in the place of Chinese history. China's history is the history of the world. Its dynasty rises and falls and it has gone through more battles and treachery than most of the western countries have gone through or encountered, I can proudly say, I'm proud of the rich history I have as a Chinese but the part where Confucius came in really sucked man! He set up some rules and protocols governing the way of life of the people that (I believe anyway...) totally made life unbearable. What Confucius had in china was what Stalin had created for Lenin, a cult culture. Thankfully he didn't do it on purpose or for his own gain or the consequences would have been unthinkable...But still, oh gosh! Emperors followed his ideas blindly and so fervently that the absurdity and stupidity of the whole idea simply astonished me. A lot of Confucius ideas were on the individual's role and responsibility in society. Men are suppose to work and support the family while the wives stay at home and have no life of their own. Their whole life is dedicated to their parents, siblings, husband then children. She had no life of her own, her whole life revolved around others. Their male counterparts role is about the same except that he had to provide for the family as well and more emphasis was placed on filial piety. There was an incident cited in the book that really struck me. a soldier deserted his camp 3 times so that he could go home to look after his father was praised by his officials for his filial piety while the others that died in his place received none of that. Now, imagine this, what if half of the active serving troops decide to desert camp for the same reason? Who the hell would be left to fight the ongoing war? If there aren't enough people serving in the frontlines, everyone else back home would probably get slaughtered after the invasion and life of a thousand would be lost because of these 'filial' sons, what good is filial piety if you're probably gonna die for it? And need I remind you, this happened during the Spring and Autumn period. It was a time of war and turbulence. Can u imagine if that is to be applied into today's life? =S   sadly, I can't totally disagree with Confucius. His ideas formed the very basis of the Chinese lifestyle and beliefs. Without him, I(we) probably won't be what we are today. His ideas suited the people and leaders then. It was something different and most importantly, it gave them a sense of direction and purpose. When war has ended, soldiers had have nothing more to look out for, families have nothing to fear or worry about anymore, not that people especially loved war and unrest, everybody looks forward to peace and prosperity but when one suddenly has nothing to think or worry about, life suddenly becomes aimless. Confucius ideas were the basic building blocks of many dynasties. It gave the rulers and the people something to work on and believe in rather than have to start everything right from scratch. Its not that easy. One's culture and beliefs takes time to form, like civilisations but dynasties some and go, they fall and they rise again. They get replaced by something else more sophisticated each time before time catches up and modernisation takes place, replacing dynasties with communism, socialism, capitalism so on and so forth. But if u'd look back carefully, maybe you'd realize what we have today was built on what was lost yesterday. The very basis of our ways of governing, yes is more up to date and more humane but if you take away the modern terms and facades, one might find himself/herself face to face with a method or way of government that has existed way before the word democracy even came about.   I guess what I'm trying to put across here is that to some people, history is just the study of events and people(mostly dead) of the past. It holds no link or reference to the modern world we live in, therefore a useless subject(as some of my friends and relatives have said..." might as well study geography! More use !") but don't forget, if not for yesterday, there might be no tomorrow, don't take your own history for granted, you are what you are today because of what happened yesterday. 
     
    


     
      i'm worried about wendy. she's entering depression again and its not good... feels like me all over again and i feel so helpless because i can't help her. i know myself, i know i've got a slight case of depression but i have Mun to be there for me, i can tell him anything and i'm stronger, i can mentally convince myself that things are gonna be ok but she can't. she's really not as strong as everybody thinks. people tend to make wendy out to be some kinda wonderwoman, the kind that nothing can get her down. its onli when u see her in her weakest moments that u'll know she's not that strong, she's actually pretty fragile. i promised her mom to look after her, make sure she eats and dun do anything silly but right now at this moment i dunno wad to do! ARGH !!!! its frustrating u know? i want so DARN MUCH to help her but its almost like the more i reach out the more she runs back into her shelter, worse still, this shelter isn't a very strong one lo.... how?? can anyone tell me how? i'm really worried lei...she smiles but inside its killing her to do so but she puts up this front so that people won't worry what she don't know is that is makes us worry more........not that alot of people know abt though. how????? 
     
    


     
      Yes! I'm here to fufill my vow of updating my blog more frequently... Dunno how long I can keep this up though...Ha. Anyway, nothing much happened today. In fact, it was so boring I thought I could die! Argh...I simply surprised myself by not going out today (a first in many days...) this came about really, as an incredible feat especially if you know me. I'm the kinda person who can hardly keep still and yet I managed to force myself to sit infront of the computer rather than pick up my bag and go out. Yes, my day was simply spent in front of the computer, at home. WOW! Oh man, one more day like this and I think I'm gonna die! ArGh....  But I guess its worth it, provided my videos finish downloading by tmr that is. Otherwise I think I just might go nuts. Yes, I spent the whole day downloading songs that I thought of using for my auditions for the Singapore Idol thingy...Ha! Yup, I signed up for the competition. Hey, I know that there is this terribly high chance that I might jux be the next William Hung but WHO CARES! I mean look at it this way, its a once in a lifetime thingy man! I know I'm never gonna get the chance to do it again if I missed this chance. Who the heck would want an 80 year old granny as their Singapore Idol?? Yeah, its that kinda thing u know. To do it once and get over it, so that you wun have any regrets later on in life. Who knows? Maybe there ARE people who are totally tone deaf but are having the Idol dream? As pit against them I'm pretty sure I'll fare well lo...I'm actually a pretty good singer depending on my mood that is. Who knows? There are a thousand and one possibilities to a single situation, so y not just give it a try? Even if I do end up in the blobbers segment, I would rest in peace knowing that I've done my best AMEN! I guess I'll survive just fine, I mean what's there to fear? I know I'm gonna have Wendy there to support me (oh yeah, she's taking part too!! YEAH!!) and a whole bunch of pals at home waving their pom-poms, drumming up a song of victory and courage for the both of us so yeah, I think we're gonna do just fine if u know what I mean...  My Simpson fever has just reached a new height upon the discovery of the Simpson video online and as I'm typing this entry, my computer is busily trying to cope with the amount of Simpson video I've lined up to be downloaded. Its really quite scary judging by the number of remotely queued videos I've got but hey, how often is it that I would actually sit down and do this? Once in a blue moon lo...Its not that often that my boyfriend falls sick and I've got no one to hang out with...OOPS! Did I let the cat of the bag?? Hehe....Ok ok, maybe I had an ulterior motive for staying at home but the thing that really matters here is still that I stayed at home rite? I'm not the bad girl that everyone makes me out to be, I can be homely and stay at home too wad....hehe I'm starting to get bored, none of the videos wish to finish downloading...which translate to mean I'm probably not gonna get to watch them tonite. Oh yeah, did i mention i'm also downloading some episodes of the Charmed series? Yeah, so Kel? If u want them jux let me know and i'll send it over... Oh ya, i finally found The Nightmare Before Christmas too! But i'm not too sure if its gonna be the full movie or not. if its the full movie, i'm so gonna ask wendy to burn it for me man! i've looked all over Singapore for a copy of it but yes, to no avail. They've onli got it on DVD(i dun have a player at home tat supposrts it) but its all sold out lor! Or i would have bought it and dropped by my friend's place to watch it... ArGh.... Hrm...i think that's enuf grumbling for a day besides, i wanna go watch Jurassic Park le. So here's to u blog, GOOD NITE AND GOOD BYE!
     
    


     
      alot of stuff happened since i last entered my blog entry. well, one thing that i'm most happy about is that my boyfriend's back!! haha...i'm like 10 thousand times happier now than before. one thing that i've learnt from all this is that i'm not good at communicating and that i'm too insecure. i keep too many things to myself and in process i make the life of those who care pretty hard. and more than often, its because of the failure to communicate that relationships fall apart. mine was slightly different though. mine was a combination of both i guess. i keep alot of things to myself, its not that i dun wanna tell people about it, its jux that i dunno how to say it. everytime something happens the first person i think of is Mun, there are so many things i wanna say and do with him but it seems that when i see him, i dunno where to start and in the end i just give up. i'll just forget about it. no, forgetting isn't the word to use, i'm just putting them aside for the time being before it resurfaces. it seems that it hurts to not be able to share the problems and happiness of the ones u love. i realize how much i've hurt the very people who love me the most. 
     
    


     
      3 days has passed since my break up. i guess somehow i'm slowly starting to come out of the self denial mode and into accepting reality. its not easy i guess....but i'll survive..=) somehow i know i will. i juz finished writing him a 3 page long letter...dunno if i'll have the courage to send it out even as i'm blogging now, i'm thinking about the letter. do you think he'll reply?? i really can't bring myself to think anymore, i'm so tired...i imagine it'll be worse for him. i betrayed him in the first place sia...but it was a moment of impluse thingy...i did regret it after it happened. nah, i'm not gonna go there again...finally got out of it, i dun wanna go back again. i've decided to write him a letter everyday juz to fill him in on my life, you may say its useless of that i'm being extremely selfish here but i have to. its the onli way i think i'll ever recover.... i know this is gonna sound evil but i imagined that his pig would be most happy bout this...she might feel for him la, but she'd probably be glad i'm out of his life den she can come in...ha! evil thot right?? i thot so too....but i can't help it. i'm in the evil mode right now.... know wad??? after all that happened, i realized how much i love him actually. i mean, he's told me about wanting to leave to further his learning overseas so i guessed as much that mayb one day he'll leave me but all this came too soon....reality is starting to sink in but i'm really not mentally prepared for it yet... i love him, i always thot that if one day he shld leave me, i'll be able to let hi go graciously but now i know i can't....i really can't. 
     
    


     
      I haven't been the mood to write anything for days already, I lost my love again. =) I guess after 1 whole week of mourning, I'll be fine la...I'll cry a lil' while more but after the crying, I'm sure I'll recover. I don't think I'll ever love anyone as much ever again, no matter how hard I try. I'll always love Mun. He's the first pity he couldn't be the last...But he'll be the last person to ever make me cry this much ever again.... =) I'll be fine!  well, let's see...Orientation ended last nite with a bang man! There was a lot of dancing, especially in my part. haha. I was on the  dane floor almost all the time and yeah, I was wild man! haha... I guess I was dancing to get Mun off my mind...It really helps u know? To get ur body in this really super hyper and tired state then things seem to become so much simpler. so i did, i got myself totally soaked and tired out, actually all 3 days of orientation had been totally tiring but i guess it was fun la...i got tot know my class mates lo..haha. not all of them i like though...i don't like nicole and desmond for starters. they both got attitude sia! nicole has this unbearable air around her that really makes her irritating. her refusal to participate in the activities din help either, she's always so bz clicking away on her mobile and well, just irritating lo! =S desmond wasn't any better, he's very rude and totally no respect for the rest of the class. he doesn't help out during activities either and well, like nicole just plain attitude and irritating!! well, whatever lo. dun step on my toes or i'll make sure u regret ever knowing me lo. when i bitch, i'll go all out one so dun start me. 
     
    


     
      He...Just realize I haven't been updating my blog again lately... So I guess I'm back!   well, a lot of things happened this few weeks that I was away from my blog, so much that I dun really know where to start blogging about. First up, to everyone who have been messaging me but not receiving a reply, I'm really sorry guys, my phoneline got cut. Guess my dad failed to pay his part of the bill again...Well, wad to do? Anyway, where did I stop the last time? The Singapore idol part rite? Yeah, I think so. Well, lets see...I finally got in touch with this primary school friend of mine after a really long time. She's currently in India, waiting to do her A' levels. Her birthday's on the 4th of July(I almost forgot about that..) and yeah, I received her email last night and I managed to pull my fingers to work and typed her a pretty long mail updating her on my current happenings for the past 3 months?? hahaha...Not an easy task I tell you... I haven't seen mum in a week already and I miss him so badly but no matter how bad I know its probably never gonna be as bad as how much wendy's missing kailun.     I HATE tHAT GUY!!!    he went to cathay when Wendy was working with this dumb bitch lor and I guess it really got on wendy's nerves. She broke down and called me(I was sleeping at that moment...)and started sobbing. I mean, fuck him la! I really didn't have a bloody clue as in to what she wants me to do lor. He's a fucking asshole and she knows that, we(kel and I) warned her about him and giving him another chance again but she didn't quite register our words and now this. What do you want me to do? No, put it this way, what the fucking hell can I do? I wanna kick his ass lor but I'm not there and he's probably not worth the effort. Who would be happy to hear something like that happen? Especially when you've already predicted the ending but no one gave a damn about it. So fine, I let you go ahead and do what you think is right and best for you. Hey, its your life man! I'm in no control of it, I dun want to be. So yeah, I let her go do what she wants and when she got hurt she came back to me, I didn't mind that part seriously, I dun mind that at all. She's almost like a sister to me, I'll die for her if I had to but what can I do? I'm at home, she's at work, crying for some asshole that nobody really likes. Worse still, why is she crying? cause'he went to the movies with a pretty girl. Well, told you it was gonna happen. Been there, done that. Then what happen, she said she tink she called the wrong person, I got admit, I didn't sound like I cared but you know what? You needed to talk so I let you, what am I to do? I can feel this thing boiling inside of me, if I actually spoke more than what I did that day I'd probably end up scolding her and when I say scold I really mean it. Its probably gonna make her feel 10x worse lor, so why bother? Lets just say I'm not exactly the best kinda friend you'd wanna have lo. In fact, I think I'm a lousy person altogether. I believe in letting people do what they wanna do and hopefully they'll learn their lesson from there.    give a man a fish, it'll feed him for a day.  teach a man to fish, it'll feed him a lifetime.   so yeah, that's what I did but more than often I get blamed for allowing things to happen although I knew it was gonna happen. I get blamed for leaving people in the lurch and not being the sympathic friend. Well, guess what? Its ok, I'm used to it! Blame me for all the fucking problems you have, for not being understanding, for not knowing sympathy etc etc etc...I'm used to it. I'm fine with it. I live my whole darn fucking life for others. I've lived my whole life trying to be what others want me to be but know what? I never quite make the cut. I love my friends, I'd make myself look bad if it makes them look or feel good but you know what? Its still not quite good enough. I dunno what else to do...or maybe I should just stop doing anything, I should just stop trying, I know its definitely gonna make my life a lot easier... 
     
    


     
      oh man, tmr's the audition!! argh..!! i have no idea what's gonna happen tmr. according to wendy, the queue is already forming and judging by the looks of it, tmr's queue is gonna be just be as bad. no, make it worse. haiz...i onli began practicing my songs last night (yes, i've finally decided what to sing) and it wasn't exactly fantastic. at least i thought it wasn't. oh yah, i'll be singing britney's 'everytime' and darlene zach's 'i simply live for you' this two are the better ones lo so wenday thought i should sing them. i trust her ba.....she's my grand adviser so yeah, i should trust her. =) 
     
    


     
        i haven't felt so betrayed in my whole life before!  i swear, i'm never gonna trust guys again. i really never expected him to say something like tat lo. i mean, why do u even bother to put up such a front? why r u so fake? i know i'm a flirt sometimes but i know i'm not that desperate. it is my life motto, the absolute commandment in my life, to never flirt with someone who is attached, they r like the no. 1 turn off list lor...why? how can someone do that? i'm like so hurt and put off by it now that i dun really know how to react or think anymore. i guess i was right all along. guys are onli good enuf to be friends and nothing more than that. i made that mistake before and i can't believe i'm doing it again....am i dumb or what? i told myself before that guys; especially cute guys; are onli good for looking and being friends with but it seems that i've eaten my words and commited that mistake....dumb bimbo.  thankfully, i didn't fall for him yet...i'll still be able to salvage myself...            i'm gonna declare my latest life philosophy here and now:            love is only a game meant for fools. its a game actually, a game that you will lose more than you win. to avoid getting hurt is to not attach yourself emotionally to anything or anyone, take things as they come and if it is to go, look else where. in this little game called love, to me that is, is all about winning ang pulling out when u know that u're about to lose so that even if you lose, you won't lose too badly. guys are onli good for looking and being friends. flirt with them if you want but never,NEVER TRUST THEM WITH UR HEART  ESPECIALLY CUTE GUYS...    
     
    


     
      ihaven't felt so tired in a very long time already. i dunno why i'm feeling this way though, guess its because i didn't sleep last night. yeah, i only slept at 5 in the morning, spent the whole night thinking about Mun. i kept thinking about him these few days, everytime i think of him i'll cry. i'll feel so exhausted everytime i cry but i can't help it though, they just flow. i'm tired lei...really tired but somehow i dun wanna give him up. it seems that everything reminds me so much of him. the streets, the people, the places...everything. i'm tired...really tired.
     
    


	 
      Ergh. There is like nothing new today. Okay, fine there is a lot new.  Me and Wendy went to choir today. Kinda fun actually. Only 2 Sec 4s. Feel so old. HaHa. Well, evne though we don't have to go, but I want to go lor. Choir is like part of me.....can't really bear to leave it la. Neither can Wendy. CQ smsed at choir, and said he regretted not coming along with us. It turned out that Joyce they all stood him up. They decided at the last minute that they don't want to play basketball after all. He was quite angry lor. Sigh. Oh well. Looks like he learnt a lesson. Go Choir, instead of playing basketball.  I am perverting. I completed Chem TYS on the bus to school and back. So fun to do...especially drawing the alkanes. Like diboroethane.  That's why I say I am perverting.   I completed the 3 Paper 2s today. Woah! Took such a long time to do...and so difficult some more. Darn. but tomorrow more easier. Only shen ti the 30 qns and write out the ti gang for the paper 1. Can complete within at most 3 hours. Weee!  Me-ow meow. I shall present to you the completed version of the ABC song.   a b c d  osmosis  h i j k  phagocytosis  q r s  thrombosis  w x  photosynthesis .  Now I know my   Biology  , what comes next is   Chemistry  .  a b c d  cation  h i j k  anion  q r s  covalent  wx  ionic .  Now I know my   Chemistry  , what comes next is   Physics  .  a b c d  excuse me  h i j k  yeah...I think that's correct  q r s  ahh yes!  w x  tan chong hui . Now I know my   Physics  , what comes next is   Kelvin Yip  . a b c d  meow meow meow  h i j k  I got the potential  q r s  I am going to get distinctions  w x  Ah Ji ar ! Now I know my   Kelvin Yip  , what comes next is   Ong Xiao Chuan  . a b c d  piggy bird  h i j k  no la where got  q r s  fun what  w x  nonsense . Now I know my   Ong Xiao Chuan  , what comes next is   Koo Wen Qiang  . a b c d  si lao bian tai  h i j k l end me your calculator  q r s  I want to save battery  w x  for o levels .
    


	 
      Today, was not a bad day at all. In terms of getting results.  Biology: I got an A2!! YaY! Only two got A2...and I am one of them! So happy!!  A-Maths: WOW! I PASSED! SUCH A MIRACLE!  E-Maths: I improved!!! YaY! I got B4! YaY!!!   Haven't have anything else to say la......See ya later
    


	 
      Ergh! Today was a very bad day, in terms of getting back my results!  English:   HORRENDOUS  ! With a captial  H . My all time low! A C5! So.....dissappointing! I merely passed both papers. Bah. I   hate   myself. However, on a lighter note, I felt really happy for CQ, WQ they all. They passed English. Imagine the look on their faces, epecially WQ when they passed their English! Sheer joy and happiness!  Really happy for them!  I am so  proud  of them!  I really regret saying "Why should you be happy over such measly marks? Even I am not.". Really selfish of me!  I am feeling unhappy, and shouldn't vent my anger on them. Really sorry, guys!  Physics: Well, I passed. Yeah! And I got A2 for Combined Science. I got a distinction, something to be proud of! And I hope I  can get top.  I really do! I want to!  SS/History: Well, a major surprise for me for my SS. Didn't expect her to give me 6 for the lousy SEQ (not really that lousy la! she said it was a good argument, but I wrote out of point). This is what we call "sympathy marks". I should have gotten 0 for that question. But hey! Who should complain? Certainly not me. For both History and SS, I got distinction. Not too bad. I ended up getting an A1 for Combined Humantities. I also got  top  for History! Wee!! (Okay, CQ they all will say: bu yao nian!)  Today's basketball game was fabulous! Well, we kinda tied for the first few minutes (okay...make that 5...no 10)....until 3/6 shot in the first ball. But later on, as the game progresses, 4/5 clearly emerges top! And we won! Weee!!! Congrats!! Tomorrow is the finals! So exciting! I hope we can win!!   Suwawa! Go clean the toilets now!   Cannot, sir! So dirty!     
    


	 
      Today I tripped...AGAIN. Not really my fault. Stupid puddle of water. Pah!   Okay, today was not so bad! Our class won against 3/8 (ayiah! pushovers la!)! We are competing against 3/6 tomorrow! Best of luck to the basketball team!  Alright! Since I am in a cherry mood today, let me sing you a song:   a b c d  osmosis  h i j k  phagocytosis  q r s  thrombosis  w x  photosynthesis . Now I know my   Biology  , what comes next is   Chemistry  . a b c d  cation  h i j k  anion  q r s  covalent  wx  ionic . Now I know my   Chemistry  , what comes next is   Physics  . a b c d  excuse me  h i j k  tan chong hui  (dunnoe!! haven't made up yet...will update once the song is done)   Is it nice? I think so!! 
    


	 
      Okay...as I promised, I shall give review of today's performance.  Today was very  okay . Not  THAT  great, but still, very okay, given our choir's standard during shcool performances. We went a bit too fast during "cheng ji si han..." that part during Ba Jun Zhan. And Mr Low correctly pronounced Ba Jun Zhan!!! Finally! After pronouncing it as "Bah Jung Zhang" for yesterday's performances, he finally got it correct this time. I wonder who told him. Ayiah!!   I also tripped while walking down the stage!   I was too busy looking at the teachers (and wondering why Tsung did not clap) that I didn't notice the mike wire. I entangled myself and suffered a few seconds of embarrassment. How  embarrassing ! WQ later told me the people up there shouted "Kelvin Yip!!" when I tripped. Now the whole school knows my name!  Today we stayed back to watch the netball inter-class competition. Our class "cheng ba"ed and ended up in the finals with 4/6. This is so reptitive! we are always competing against 4/6 and   losing  . This time was not li wai. We lost by 2 marks. We orignally were tied but then we started losing lor. However, we were given second place. Which was not too bad. It is at least better than 3rd or 4th isn't it? Well done team!!
    


	 
      Hmm...I want to give comments on today's performances.   First performance:   Sucks  terribly! The audience can't hear us! At first, we were doing quite well. But when we realised that the Sops started too soft and the audience can't hear. our confidence level fell. From not-so-weak to  pathetic ! I wonder why the audience even clapped that loud. Sheez.   Second performance:  Some improvements there. We are not soft this time. I think the audience can hear, given the loud appluase. But the for the Ba Jun Zhan arh!!! The timing was terribly wrong! There is one part where Alto 2 and Alto 1s were supposed to go: ting-di li. No pause between ting and the ti li. But we sang until there was about one to two notes pause between the two sounds. And the Alto 2s' voices were weak. We were getting tired and fustrated. More improvments can be done at tomorrow performance (only to two classes....mine and another class)!!!  Yeah.....that's about all.   I go so much angst to express.   
    


	 
      I am back.  I joined a new guild. A X-Men guild. I hope this is the right guild for me. The members are mostly Singaporeans, and I can't understand their chatspeak. Seriously! Can they type properly? Or it is already part of Singaporean students' life? If this is so, then that's really bad. I really wonder how they are going to pass EL.  Today, the person I mentioned at my first post talked to me. Big deal. Except he screamed and accursed me! I hate being accursed! Spoilt my mood for the whole day.  I am gonna watch the new Channel 8 show later, about kids having diseases and doctors and nurses caring about them. I wanna go watch. I hope they don't place the main focus on the doctor and nurses and their romantic romps. That would have been sucky.   For your information, I am eating currypuff later. Yeah.   Just for fun, let me give you something to laugh about:    Once upon a time, there lived a man who loved everything about the colour green.   He dyed his hair green, wore green clothes, green underwear and green shoes. He kept a green cat and green fish as pets in his green apartment with green hi-fi set and green television.   His favourite pastime is playing games on his green computer with green mouse and green keyboard.   One day, the green man was in the green bathtub taking a bath when someone rang the green doorbell. The green man hurriedly wrapped his green towel around his waist and rushed down the green stairs to open the green door.  A female salesperson was standing outside. Before the green man could say anything, the salesperson immediately began her sales pitch. On and on...until a breeze blew by. The green man's green towel got blown away. At this moment, the salesperson looked down at the green man and noticed he was naked and at the sight of his wang which was tatooed green, she was so shocked that she turned around and dashed across the street and was promptly knocked down by a car.  What's the moral of the story? - - - - - - - - - - - - Are you ready for this? - - - - - - - - - - - - -  Never cross the street when the green man is flashing.  
    


	 
      Artist: The Smiths Title: How Soon Is Now?    i am the son  and the heir   of a shyness  that is criminally vulgar  i am the son and heir  of nothing in particular  you shut your mouth  how can you say  i go about things the wrong way   i am human and i need to be loved  just like everybody else does   i am the son  and the heir  of a shyness  that is criminally vulgar  i am the son and heir  of nothing in particular  you shut your mouth  how can you say  i go about things the wrong way  i am human and i need to be loved  just like everybody else does  there's a club if you'd like to go  you could meet someone who really loves you  so you go and you stand on your own  and you leave on your own  and you go home and you cry and you want to die  when you say it's gonna happen now  when exactly do you mean?   see i've already waited too long  and all my hope is gone    Those in  bold  means these are the lines taken for the Charmed's Theme Song. This is a really nice song...Try listening to it sometime
    


	 
      Hey! This is my new blog. Probably useless.....since I am not going to update this anyway...  :P  Whatever. I just created this because XC started this hype about blogs.   I got so mant things to say.  Let me give a self intro:    I am a cat.  Yes. I am a cat incarnate. Okay fine. I stop meowing. I am a Storm fan. Yes I am. Enough about me.  HOW DARE HE?  And XC...I dunnoe lor. USED TO BE A FRIEND OF MINE. Due to many insults (okay, just one)......I hoped I gave you clues liao....XC you now know who liao right?  
    


	 
      Today, an interesting event happened. My calculator with the off button was  kidnapped . It is very rare, for everyone have calculators without the off button. My calculator is   RARE SPECIES ! And it was kidnapped, as mentioned in the first sentence. By who, you ask. By...... WEN QIANG !  And I WAS SO WRONGLY ACCURSED! AND SLAPPED! PAH! BAH!  I left my calculator on the table, apparently forgotten about it (What a  heinous  crime!). Wen Qiang took it, and secretly hid it in my bag. He placed it in somewhere which I don't normally place my calculator. And, because of this, I was sent back and fro 4/5 and 4/6 upteen times, asking who took my calculator with the precious off button. At the end of the day, WQ took my calculator out, and  SLAPPED  me for being stupid. I was so wrongly slapped for something I am innocent of.  BAH!  WQ...you listen and you listen good. I am never trusting you again.  Until I cool off la.    I dunnoe why, but I also expect a birthday present from WQ. I don't care whatever it is! I want something from him. No present, write me a letter.  WHATEVER.  I knew Shuet Ling brought a present for me already. Was kinda surprised. Didn't expect a present from her. Well, I am certainly gonna buy something for her birthday. Wendy's preparing for my present, but she dunnoe what 'original' present to get me. Ayiah, relax la, Wendy! Give me something can liao lor. The Artemis Fowl book can already la!! Don't stress yourself out so much.  I am not worth that!  Meanwhile, dunnoe about CQ they all. I am waiting to be " surprised ". I am kinda buay hao bai right, talking about presents? But I am so excited! 7 more days!!   Today, I was watching TV. I saw a commercial for Titanic. They are showing the movie this Sunday. And I heard  Celine Dion's My Heart Will Go On . I remembered it, and downloaded the mp3 later. So, the lyrics for the day is this particular song. Immerse yourself into this beautiful love song!    Celine Dion - My Heart Will Go On   Every night in my dreams I see you. I feel you. That is how I know you go on.  Far across the distance And spaces between us You have come to show you go on.  Near, far, wherever you are I believe that the heart does go on Once more you open the door  And you're here in my heart And my heart will go on and on    Love can touch us one time And last for a lifetime And never go till we're one    Love was when I loved you One true time I hold to In my life we'll always go on   Near, far, wherever you are I believe that the heart does go on Once more you open the door  And you're here in my heart And my heart will go on and on   There is some love that will not go away  You're here, there's nothing I fear, And I know that my heart will go on We'll stay forever this way You are safe in my heart  And my heart will go on and on      Ahh. That's about all for the day. Goodnight!
    


	 
      Oh yes! Forgot to add yesterday. I brought a new book yesterday, and that brings my reading list up to 10 books.   Here's my updated reading list: -->Reader Digest (July's Issue)  -->Huanted By Desire -->Charmed Again -->Garden Of Evil -->Dark Vegeance -->Shadow Of The Sphinx -->The Complete Idiot's Guide To Classical Mythology (reading it) -->Scandal (reading it) -->To Stir A Magick Cauldron -->Something Wiccan This Way Comes  Ahh.. See ya tomorrow. 
    


	 
      Ahhh! What a meowing today!  I am left all alone, again, with my brother for the night. It's gonna be like a every Sunday thing (except when my mother's not working). Suddenly, I became the head of the family(for the night). I have to buy dinner for me and my brother. I have to look after the whole house, and him. The leadership position got thrown to me. I feel....I dunnnoe. I don't know how to describe my feeling. I have to be more responsible. I have to make sure nothing goes wrong. O.o o.O  I surfed the Internet today, for most of the days. Yeah. Today's kinda boring.  Tomorrow's back to school! Wee....for the Chem, Bio and Humanities lessons. Yeah! Kinda excited about it! Get to go to school again! Strangely enough, I miss school. I am weird. But who cares?   Oh well, I shall end this with  Eyes On Me , an ending theme for Final Fantasy VIII. Enjoy!     Eyes On Me - Faye Wong   Whenever sang my songs On the stage, on my own Whenever said my words Wishing they would be heard  I saw you smiling at me Was it real or just my fantasy  You'd always be there in the corner Of this tiny little bar  My last night here for you Same old songs, just once more My last night here with you?  Maybe yes, maybe no I kind of liked it your way How you shyly placed your eyes on me    Oh, did you ever know? That I had mine on you   *Darling, so there you are With that look on your face As if you're never hurt As if you're never down  Shall I be the one for you  Who pinches you softly but sure If frown is shown then I will know that you are no dreamer   So let me come to you Close as I wanted to be Close enough for me To feel your heart beating fast And stay there as I whisper    How I loved your peaceful eyes on me did you ever know That I had mine on you   Darling, so share with me Your love if you have enough Your tears if your're holding back Or pain if that's what it is How can I let you know I'm more than the dress and the voice  Just reach me out then You will know that you're not dreaming   [Repeat *]   Goodnight to all of you!
    


	 
      Hmm. Got lots to talk about today.  Today, Wendy borrowed me her FF Movies CD. I watched some of the movies at her house. I was instantly captivated! The scenes were so real, the characters were so real. Their poise, their movement was so romantic. I felt attracted, captivated, enchanted and charmed by them! From then on, I became addicted to the FMVs. Oh my! And I thought they were just some "ordinary cartoons" once. Ahh!! What a atrocious thought then!  Today, I found out that children, little children, are very pure. Very innocent. I tell you why. I was coming back from Wendy's house. I was at the void deck, waiting for the lift. Besides me was a small boy with a bicycle. I was strolling around, waiting for the lift to come down. Then, the little boy motioned towards me, said "ehh" and pointed to the lift. He was telling me the lift arrived (even though I knew because I saw from the corner of my eye). So nice of him. Then, after getting down from his floor (2nd floor), he turned towards me and said, "Bye Bye". It made me smile. Hardly anyone these days are so friendly towards their neighbours, especially adults. This little kid is an exception. It made me realised that kids are so innocent, so pure, not tainted at all. After being exposed to society and its' rules, they began to lose all their innocence. Such a cruel fate. It is un-escapable. But hey, I am still smiling. The little boy brightened up my day.   Ahh. Yesterday you learnt an interesting fact about me. Today you learn another. Everynight, before turning into bed, I must listen to "Time To Say Goodbye" (please refer to June 24th's entry for lyrics and website). I must! The music is so alluring, so drawing. Ahhh!  For today's song, I shall dedicate "I'll Be There For You" by The Rembrandts to all my friends out there. Remember, I'll Be There For You. Oh yes, this song is the Friends' Theme Song.     The Rembrandts - I'll Be There for You    So no one told you life was gonna be this way Your job's a joke, you're broke, your love life's DOA It's like you're always stuck in second gear, When it hasn't been your day, your week, your month, or even your year, but...   I'll be there for you... When the rain starts to pour I'll be there for you... Like I've been there before I'll be there for you... 'Cause you're there for me too.   You're still in bed at ten, though work begins at eight, You burned your breakfast, so far things are going great, Your mother warned you there'd be days like these, But she didn't tell you when the world was brought down to your knees that...   I'll be there for you... When the rain starts to pour I'll be there for you... Like I've been there before I'll be there for you... 'Cause you're there for me too.   No one could ever know me. No one could ever see me. Seems your the only one who knows what it's like to be me  Someone to face the day with. Make it through all the mess with. Someone I'll always laugh with. Even at my worst, I'm best with.... you - yeah   It's like you're always stuck in second gear, When it hasn't been your day, your week, your month, or even your year, but...   I'll be there for you... When the rain starts to pour I'll be there for you... Like I've been there before I'll be there for you... 'Cause you're there for me too...    Goodnight all! See ya tomorrow! 
    


	 
      Today, I found out, why I hate cigarettes and smokers.  It all happened in a crowed pasar malam in Ang Mo Kio. I was walking besides my mother (at her left) when I felt a burning pain on my arm. I screamed, of course. Then I realized that someone besides me was holding a cigarette by his side, and that freaking cigarette burned me. I cried, the guy apologized, and I cried some more and stared at him. From then on, I developed an immense hatred towards cigarettes and the smokers.   I thought of that during my morning bath. It is very strange to note that thoughts/memories/great ideas always seem to come to me during bath-times. I think a lot during bathing. I even forgot whether I applied soap or not. Seriously. It happens all too frequently.   Oh well. That's one rather interesting fact about KY you all learnt today.   I shall now present you with  Destiny's Child 's  Survivor . Enjoy!    Destiny's Child - Survivor    Now that you're out of my life  I'm so much better  You thought that I'd be weak without you  But I'm stronger  You thought that I'd be broke without you  But I'm richer  You thought that I'd be sad without you  I laugh harder  You thought I wouldn't grow without you  Now I'm wiser  Though that I'd be helpless without you  But I'm smarter  You thought that I'd be stressed without you  But I'm chillin'  You thought I wouldn't sell without you  Sold 9 million    I'm a survivor (What?) I'm not gon give up (What?) I'm not gon stop (What?) I'm gon work harder (What?) I'm a survivor (What?) I'm gonna make it (What?) I will survive (What?) Keep on survivin' (What?)    I'm a survivor (What?) I'm not gon give up (What?) I'm not gon stop (What?) I'm gon work harder (What?) I'm a survivor (What?) I'm gonna make it (What?) I will survive (What?) Keep on survivin' (What?)   Thought I couldn't breathe without you  I'm inhaling  You thought I couldn't see without you  Perfect vision  You thought I couldn't last without you  But I'm lastin'  You thought that I would die without you  But I'm livin'  Thought that I would fail without you  But I'm on top  Thought it would be over by now  But it won't stop  Thought that I would self-destruct  But I'm still here   Even in my years to come I'm still gon be here    I'm a survivor (What?) I'm not gon give up (What?) I'm not gon stop (What?) I'm gon work harder (What?) I'm a survivor (What?) I'm gonna make it (What?) I will survive (What?) Keep on survivin' (What?)  I'm a survivor (What?) I'm not gon give up (What?) I'm not gon stop (What?) I'm gon work harder (What?) I'm a survivor (What?) I'm gonna make it (What?) I will survive (What?) Keep on survivin' (What?)   I'm wishin' you the best Pray that you are blessed Bring much success, no stress, and lots of happiness (I'm better than that)  I'm not gon blast you on the radio  (I'm better than that)  I'm not gon lie on you and your family  (I'm better than that)  I'm not gon hate on you in the magazines  ('m better than that)  I'm not gon compromise my Christianity  (I'm better than that)  You know I'm not gon diss you on the internet Cause my mama taught me better than that    I'm a survivor (What?) I'm not gon give up (What?) I'm not gon stop (What?) I'm gon work harder (What?) I'm a survivor (What?) I'm gonna make it (What?) I will survive (What?) Keep on survivin' (What?)  I'm a survivor (What?) I'm not gon give up (What?) I'm not gon stop (What?) I'm gon work harder (What?) I'm a survivor (What?) I'm gonna make it (What?) I will survive (What?) Keep on survivin' (What?)    [Beyonce]  Oh (oh) oh (oh)...   After of all of the darkness and sadness Soon comes happiness If I surround my self with positive things I'll gain prosperity    I'm a survivor (What?) I'm not gon give up (What?) I'm not gon stop (What?) I'm gon work harder (What?) I'm a survivor (What?) I'm gonna make it (What?) I will survive (What?) Keep on survivin' (What?)    Goodnight all!
    


	 
      YaY! Today was Mother Tongue Orals (or aurals, according to XC). I dare say, this is my best MT oral for all the 4 years.  First, Mdm Oh praised my reading aloud skills. She said I should continue doing this. HaHa. So pleased with myself.  The conversation part was easy. I have a lot of interesting ideas. I even made her laugh. I felt so relaxed! Meow meow!  Neopets revamped the Cybunny. It looked horrendous! It looks like some badly drawn cartoon. In fact, is is hideously resemble those cartoon rabbits I used to watch....produced by some producers (Acme?). I bet those Cybunnies will be abandoned into the pound once the make-over takes place. I pity their innocent souls.   LOL! Wendy suddenly thought of my meowing skills being influential. She thought that when I become famous and get interviewed, I would pass my meowing skills to the world, and I would be the first meowing person! LOL! Such a great imagination, Wendy! Love it! Meow Meow!   Oh well. That's all I think. Goodnight. 
    


	 
      Ayiah, today nothing much happened. If you don't count the constant running up and down of escalators in the Woodlands Regional Library.   I found out, that I have 9 books to complete reading. Oh my god! I read some, then read another....now I have 2 overlapping books, each clamouring for my attention. These 9 books are listed below: -->Reader Digest (July's Issue)  -->Huanted By Desire -->Charmed Again -->Garden Of Evil -->Dark Vegeance -->Shadow Of The Sphinx -->The Complete Idiot's Guide To Classical Mythology (reading it) -->Scandal (reading it) -->To Stir A Magick Cauldron  This is giving me a headache. Ahh....never mind. I take turns reading. That's a crazy idea though.  Okay, today's song of the day is: SAR-Vivor Rap. Yep! I love the song. So nice! You can get it from me anytime. Just ask. I got he mp3.    Phua Chu Kang - SAR-vivor Rap   Wah steady ah .. heahea Phua Chu Kang is here to rap ah.. Listen ah ..  Some say leh, some say lah Uncle Phua says time to fight SARS Singaporeans, we have a part to play to be SARS-free at the end of the day  Wash your hands whenever you can Wash with soap then at least got hope When you get home, get a bath quickly! Kiasu abit, be safe not SAR-ry!  Try not to travel to SARS countries Wait a few months lah wait and see So why you rush to catch that plane? Use Internet lah! Use your brain  Getting protection from this virus Means getting healthy inside us Don't work too much until you're sick Get exercise and get yourself fit  Food nutrition and vitamins Help you to pass the immunity challenge Eat your proteins, carbo and fibre Then you can be a ... SAR-vivor!!!  PCK says, Dun play play! Or this stupid SARS is here to stay. For we can fight this, you and me. Help Singapore to be SARS-FREE!!!  I'm a SAR-vivor not gonna give up I'm a SAR-vivor I'm gonna make it (4x)  Some say leh, some say lah Spread kaya, but don't spread SARS! Singaporeans, we have a part to play to be SARS-free at the end of the day  If you're sick don't go to work Even if your boss.. ahem... is a jerk Don't be a hero and continue working Wait the whole company kana quarantine ah!!!  If you're sick see a doctor See the same one don't be a doc-hopper Wait at the clinic, stay in one spot Don't spread your germs in the coffee shop  If you have SARS call 993 Ambulance will come for FREE To check you up at Tan Tock Seng Where they know about SARS Like I know Ah Beng ah  Hey you kana home quarantine Don't go out except in your dreams Tahan awhile and cooperate Don't give everybody a big headache ah!!  PCK says, Dun play play! Or this stupid SARS is here to stay. For we can fight this, you and me. Help Singapore to be SARS-FREE!!!  SARS SARS baby Don't kana SARS SARS baby Use your brain, Use Your Brain, USE YOUR BRAIN!!! (2X)  Some say leh, some say lah Keep the place clean and keep out SARS Singaporeans, we have a part to play to be SARS-free at the end of the day  Keep our country clean and green Because nowadays the germs are mean Don't leave food for stray dogs or cats Unless you want to keep their germs as pets  Cover your mouth if you cough or sneeze You think everyone wants to spread your disease ah? Don't Ka-PUI all over the place You might as well KAAA-PUI on my face ah!!!  Don't put your tissue all over the shop Think almost you use liao, Don't use so much lah Oei make me sick when people don't care Oei make you sick when you breathe the air ah...  Even when things are getting better Don't do things and become a regretter Think SARS is gone? YOUR HEAD LAH!!! But listen to me ah, it'll be okay loh...  PCK says, Dun play play! Or this stupid SARS is here to stay. For we can fight this, you and me. Help Singapore to be SARS-FREE!!!  Can't SARS me! A-bah! Hea... One more time ah.. Ahem.. karaoke Can't SARS me! Not bad ah.. Heaheahea.. Lai ah.. Let's sing together.. Can't SARS me! Don't be shy ah! Don't be shy..Lai.. Ready...GO Can't SARS me!  SARS SARS baby (heahea...Not bad ah.. I can nicer lah) Don't kana SARS SARS baby Use your brain, Use Your Brain, USE YOUR BRAIN!!! (2X)  This is dedicated to all the doctors, nurses, medical people and other heros for fighting SARS and other diseases everyday ah!!! PCK Pte Ltd respect you ah! And when you come to me for renovation ah... Oei.. I give you a special discount ah.. 50% ah.. HUH? Okay okay lah.. 70% lah Hey oei oei ! Free calendar also I give you Eh wait wait wait, I also got website leh .. Ah.. Don't pray pray ah.. My website is : WWW... erm..ww .. ww.. I forgot ah ..  Er wait wait, WW.. Dot ..ah got one dot down there ah.. I know WWW ah got dot.. ww ... Haiya just look lah Enter W can already lah   HeHeHe. Goodnight!
    


	 
      Actually, not that tired now. Was too lazy to type just now.  HaHa. Wendy told me she come to my blog everyday to read. Felt so happy for her dedication. HaHa. Like my blog is THAT interesting. Okay, after thinking, maybe it is. :) My blog is meowing. Yeah.  You know, I just realized something. In my first entry (go to the May archive to check it), I said I "probably won't update it anyway". But hey! Look at it now! I am writing at least something everyday. HaHa! Amazed at myself. Ayiah, I am weird (okay okay,  special ) one la. Say something now, do another later.   Hmmm...I heard of a story. Wendy's friend's girlfriend passed away one month ago due to cancer. They broke up before she died. The heart-wrenching part is that the girlfriend never gave up hope. She wrote in her diary everyday "I miss him".  She never gave up, never. Such commedable spirits! Her never-lasting love should be respected. This is a sad story. I feel pity, yet respect in awe for her.   Bouncing off from sadness, we now come to education. I read a good article in the Neopian times, stating how educational Neopets can be. Check out  urlLink ember188's  article. It's worth a read.  Today, I want to introduce a new song. It's an Italian song, sung by Sarah Brightman & Andrea Bocelli. The title is: Time To Say Goodbye. I am posting the translated English lyrics. If you want the original one, go  urlLink here .     Time to say goodbye       --     I'll go with you   Sarah  When I'm alone I dream of the horizon and words fail; yes, I know there is no light in a room where the sun is absent, if you are not here with me. At the windows show everyone my heart which you set alight; enclose within me the light you encountered on the street.   Time to say goodbye.     --     I'll go with you to countries I never saw and shared with you, now, yes, I shall experience them. I'll go with you on ships across seas which, I know, no, no, exist no longer; it's time to say goodbye.     --     with you I shall experience them.    Andrea  When you are far away I dream of the horizon and words fail, and, yes, I know that you are with me; you, my moon, are here with me, my sun, you are here with me with me, with me, with me.   Time to say goodbye.     --     I'll go with you to countries I never saw and shared with you, now, yes, I shall experience them. I'll go with you on ships across seas which, I know, no, no, exist no longer,    Both  with you I shall experience them again. I'll go with you on ships across seas which, I know, no, no, exist no longer, with you I shall experience them again. I'll go with you.   You and me.   Goodnight all. 
    


	 
      Darn tired la. Goodnight.   Oh yes. Athena is the patron goddess of Athens. 
    


	 
      Nothing to talk about today. A cat meowed. Cats will meow. 
    


	 
       Harry Potter And The Order Of The Phoenix  Reviews (Part 2)   *Note: Same old warning yeah. This contains spoilers...yada yada yada...close window  Ahh! Ahhh! The truth is out! The reason to the rentless and murderous attacks of Voldemort towards Harry. He was scared by a prophecy, made by Sybil Trelawny.  She prophesized that  Voldemort's demise will in the hands of a child born in the death of July, to whom has defied Voldemort thrice. Voldemort will make him an equal. Neither will survive as long as the other is alive.  Ahh yes! The foolishness of Voldemort. He was actually scared of being defeated! He came after Harry.   Everybody is spectaculating who's dying in the fifth book. Oh well. The mystery's solved. The answer is:  kcalb suiris  (read it backwards). Such a horror! I always liked him! But nevertheless, he died for Harry. Such a noble cause! Ahh!  Among these things, the funniest was that the whole school is revolting against the reign of Umbridge the old cow. Terribly funny, I tell ya. The teacher's actions were rather surprising, but I must appluad them on their "courage". Try reading McGonagall's actions/views against the cow. You will get a kick out of it.   The ending. Everything was resolved. Umbridge was driven off. The mystery's solved. Harry can have a happier, and possibly, safer summer. But the war still continues, as the enemy has not fell. 
    


	 
       Harry Potter And The Order Of The Phoenix  Reviews (Part 1)  *Note: These may be considered spoilers. Read them at your own risks. Close this window if you don't want to be spoilt.  This book has grown a lot more darker. And I do mean darker. There is less funny moments. Things have changed. Very much.  One of them is Harry. He became more angrier. He became more rebellious. He became more mature.   In the story, new characters were introduced.   I like Tongs the best. She's funny, she's quirky and she's nice. She's an Auror, sent to protect Harry.   I  ABSOLUTELY DESTEST , or rather,  HATE ,  LOATHE  (and many other acronyms for "dislike") Professor Umbridge. She's the new DADA teacher. She was sent by the Ministry to keep a close watch on Dumbledore. She is there to keep things in check. She is a absolutely, horrible  BITCH . And i never detest a woman more. Except Rita Skeeter, but Umbridge is worse. I hate her! She's cow manure. She's wasting our oxygen supply. She would be better off for Demontor's food supply (the Kiss).   Er-hmm....Okay. New things are in store.  One of them, which I giggled to, is that Harry got a kiss. From Cho Chang.   I am not telling others. Read the book yourself.  I am not at page 458. Will review the rest tomorrow. 
    


	 
      Tomorrow! 21st June, 7.01am. The arrival of  Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix ! And I am gonna get it!  Woah! I am so excited. Finally! Finally! After 3 long years of waiting! It's gonna end up in my hands! The wonderous, fabulous book! Imagine my excitement, my frantic anticipation! Finally! The book!   I am gonna get the adult version. The metal pheonix is so cool, and the entire design attracted me. I wanted the children's cover at first, but a close look at it put me off. No offense, but it is kinda ugly. The metal phoenix is cooler, and seems so powerful. The children's phoenix pales in comparison.  Ahh!! Can't wait to read the book!  Countdown:  1  Day To Order of Phoenix
    


	 
      Today's Poem Day, and I found a great poem on  urlLink www.poems.com . Enjoy!    Poem Beginning with a Line from Frost    as if regret were in it and were sacred      as if regret itself were a river and want  which was the source of that river flowed      through the river, more and more the more  the river thickened towards the boring lake      where what stirred once went terribly quiet.  This is indistinguishable from happiness.      This standing water was a mindful current once.  Once was a mindful current: now leaden, still:      it is ourselves we most resemble now; now  the maples that had been nowhere gather. When      we look down we look down on our own.    Countdown:  2  Days to Order Of Phoenix
    


	 
      YaY! Today was fun!!  We went to Pasir Ris Park, after many trials and tribulations, which I shall not go into detail with. First of all, we rented bicycles and rode them all around Pasir Ris Park, from one end to the next. My bum was sore. Seriously.....  Then, we went down to the sea. Okay, I didn't really go down, but i only wetted my feet. That meow meow Wen Qiang ar. Throw water at me! LoL! I shrieked, but I kinda enjoy it la. WQ ar, next time, I am gonna 'revenge' liao. :P to you if you are reading this.  After that, they changed clothes. My towel that wasn't supposed to be a towel was used by WQ as a towel. Okay, that was my extra shirt. Biege in colour. Ayiah, lend him la. See him all wet and didn't bring towel. And I made him wash it for me. And there goes my one of my outing clothes. Now I am only left with blue and grey. Hmm...what should I wear to the movie tomorrow?  One of the most interesting thing was that Wendy's kite got stuck up there....and we tried to roll back the strong It was horrendously long. I marvelled at the height of the sky......Wow!  We took some pictures. So fun! I am gonna have them!  We went home at 6.50 (which WQ reminded us again and again)..rode the bus and the MRT and reached home at 9! Ahh!  Ayiah, one note for a particular someone: It's not that I don't want to tell, I can't. Get it? And you asked if you were the one being hated. I was thinking of saying "No la! Who would hate such a loveable (tian zheng ke ai) person?" to drive you away from the topic, but I find it too er xin and gan ga to say it out. :P Ayiah......you will know it soon enough. On the other hand, I don't think you will too. HaHa. My advice to you: Try to be more observant. Yeah.   So tired le....meow meow. Goodnight.  Countdown:  3  Days to Order of Phoenix
    


	 
      HaHa! Today choir was fun!   We were grouped into groups of 6 (for us, 7). We are supposed to select one song and present it to the whole choir. Since I have very limited music knowledge, I know nothing of almost every songs. They decided on "Qing Fei De Yi" by Harlem Yu. Since I only know the chorus, for the rest of the songs, I was supposed to do actions.   It was really funny man! I can't really describe it, but it made the whole choir crack up laughing! And we got thunderous applause! Okay, I kua zhang a bit. Colin told me that my acting skills were very good, and I am very brave, since "few boys would do what I did". I did those actions that Yit Hann would only do...those sao huo kind la!   LOL! Really enjoyed myself down there! HaHa! I would  DEFINITELY  do it next time. Provided there is a next time.  Countdown:  4  Days to Order of the Phoenix
    


	 
      Hey hey!  Guess what? I am  selfish . Yep. Why? Because I belong to blodd group AB+. Which is a selfish breed of people, because they can't donate blood, but can recieve blood from any, and I mean  ANY  blood group. Which means, therefore, I have a higher chance of surviving when there is a need for blood  (touch wood! choi!!) . Just found that out in Bio today.  YaY! We are going to Pasir Ris Park on Wed.....to play, enjoy ourselves. I have been longing to rent roller blades. I want to learn how to skate....how meowfully fun. Weee!!! Can't wait too....so fun! I am so anticipating Wednesday.  Of course, besides Wednesday, I am very much anticipating Saturday. There's when Order of the Phoenix comes in, exactly at 7.01am! Weeeeee! I want to be the first one to grab the book! I want to be the first book buyer! Meow Meow! And possibly, the first Singaporean to purchase the book! Woah!   Gotta go play Dai Dee le. See ya tomorrow! 
    


	 
      Today's Father's Day. And he is not at home.  Poor Dad. He's working the whole night. Didn't even get to celebrate Father's Day, while the relief is happily spending Father's Day with his family. Luckly bloke.   Mom's not home too, working as a cashier.  So, this is the first time me and my brother are left home alone for the night. Kinda scary.....But never mind. Mom will be back later....  Sigh. Goodnight.
    


	 
      Recomended by Wendy:   Remember Me This Way  by Jordan Hill  Every now and then We find a  special friend  who never lets us down...  Who understands it all reaches out each time we fall  you're the best friend i have found...   I know you can't stay a part of you will never ever go away your heart will stay.....  I'll make a wish for you, and hope it will come true, if life will just be kind, to such a gentle mind, if you lose your way,  think back on yesterday  remember me this way, remember me this way.   I don't need eyes to see  the love you bring to me,  no matter where I go  and I know that you'll be there  forever-more a part of me and everywhere  I'll always care.....   I'll make a wish for you and hope it will come true, if life will just be kind, to such a gentle mind, and if you lose your way think back on yesterday  remember me this way, remember me this way.    and I'll be right behind your shoulder,watching you I'll be standing by your side, all you do and I won't ever leave  as long as you believe, you just believe....  I'll make a wish for you and hope it will come true if life will just be kind to such a gentle mind and if you lose your way think back on yesterday  remember me this way remember me this way.  o..... this way.
    


	 
      Meow Meow! Played basketball this afternoon! So fun! Meowed all afternoon long. Nothing else to say la. Just meowing meow meow lor. 
    


	 
      Sigh. Dunnoe why people these day want to commit suicide.  It would be very silly lor. To commit suicide at such a young age. You got a very beautiful life right in front of you, waiting for you to discover. Thje joys of going through adulthood. You haven't even lived half of your life, and you want to commit suicide? Siow!  Life isn't exactly a bed of roses. There are bound to be portholes along the journey. No matter how deep the porthole, we would come out of it. And when we do, we become a totally new person. Along with portholes, we are also bound to come across with joys and celebrations. We can play, party and enjoy ourselves. We look forward to these little joyful oscassions while walking life's journrey.   Killing ourselves because of relationship problems, family problems, studies, friends, etc etc isn't worth it! Totally not worth it at all! Why let these worry us? Why let these weigh us down? Why let this make us face life with a cold, hard heart? Yes, although we have become weak, but does that mean we have to stay that way forever?  NO!  Whatever for? Let people pity us? Let those who abandon us come back to us? We should   MOVE ON  . Move on with life.   Besides, we would be letting our loved ones down. At this point in time, we might not believe anyone would love us. But there are! Look at our friends! They are there when we need them! They are there to lend a shoulder for us to cry on! Look at our family! Our parents love us dearly. They love us unconditionally. If we die, wouldn't it be a big let-down to our loved ones? Abandoning them just like that. Is that reponsibility? We are making our loved ones grieve by dying, for goodness sake!   No amtter how useless we feel, we still must live on. For the sake of our loved ones, for the sake of ourselves, our glorious future.   Life is beautiful. Treasure it. 
    


	 
      Today's topic of discussion:  Storm   Storm. A famous X-Men. She has the ability to manipulate the weather. Storm is just but her codename. Her real name is Ororo Munroe. She came from Africa, her mother's tribe. She was called "Beautiful Windrider" in her tribe.  Let me just give you a brief history of her.  Ororo Munroe, born in New York City, USA, was the daughter of David Munroe (a reporter) and N'Dare Munroe (a princess of a tribe). When she was six, while en route to her mohter's village in Kenya, the plane crashed. Her parents were killed, but she survived. Being stuck under a pile of rubble for a long time traumatized Ororo so badly, that she suffers from claustrophobia, a fear of closed spaces. She was picked up by a master thief, and became a thief until she was eight. Then, her powers started developing, and she went back to her mother's village and settled there. She was worhsipped as a "Weather Goddess". When she was 18+, Professor X came by the village. He had sensed her using Cerebro, and has intention to pick her up to join his team of X-Men.  She accepted and became an important player of the team.  What's her mutant powers, you ask?  She can manipulate the weather, via her mind. She can sense shifts in the atmosphere, air changes. She can manipulate the air pattern so that it can bring about the desired effect, like adding more water vapour to make it rain. Basically, she manipulates particles in the air to do her bidding.   There is one interesting thing to note about her. She can prevent psychic from entering her mind. How so? Firstly, due to her manipulation of electricty, she creates static around her mind, giving any psychic who tries to enter her mind a hell of a headache. Secondly, when she is in full control of her powers, her mind is impoosible to be read. The pattern changes causes a psychic disturbance and trying to read her mind would be like trying to grab hold of a lightning bolt. Ouch for both intances. Major ouches.  Why am I so fascinated with her?   She got this elegant carriage. She is wise, she isn't rushful. She makes good decisions, a valuable team member. She looks great too, especially with the white hair of her. Totally stunning. She got these cool mutant powers. I want them!! Actually, the main factor is mainly her wise and elegant carriage. I got this thing for "wise" people. It is not so often in a superheroes comic do you spot someone so mature in her thinking and doesn't rush things, like many heroes does. She actually uses her mind to think, to analyze about the situation. A feat worthy to be praised, admired for! A very good learning role-model for us.  My concluding statement:   STORM FOREVER!  
    


	 
      Sigh. Listen up people. I am   CURIOUS  . With a captial  C .   That's why I ask so many questions. I have this thirst for knowledge.  I  WANT  to know. I  DIE  not knowing.   And I am picky about the answers I want. I don't go for general term. I go for specifics. General answers never statisfy me. I am  THAT  fussy, and kaypoh.  I don't know. I feel like it is like me being shut out from the rest of the world, because I don't know anything. I hate being isolated.   I HATE IT  .   Okay. That was agressive. I am sorry. You know, with this noisiness, I could become an excellent reporter. Buay hao bai. I know.  I know many of you have taken in offense, one time or another, with my constant 'want to know'. I am sorry, but that's who I am. I can't change part of me, especially when I love this quality of mine so much. I do hope you understand. Sorry once again for the offense.
    


	 
      Today was Poem Day. I searched the Internet site for a poem I like. I found one. Although it pales in comparison with other beautifully-written poems, I chose it. I felt an attraction to that poem. It is so meaningful. The everlasting quest for love. The hope. The wish. Ahh...the beginning stages of love. This is written by an anonymous author. Enjoy.     Imagine Love...Wish For It.     I could only imagine, The love between us. I can only wish, For the love between us.  Every time I close my eyes, I see the two of us. We make such a perfect couple. Alas, I could only imagine.  I can only dream, Of touching your face.  Smooth, thin, papery. Your eyes emitting love.  I can only wish, That you can respond, To every of my intimate moves, And fall in love with me.  Your strong, willful character, Leaves marks of awe within me. Your care and concern, Gives me boundless of joys.  Even though I know, That I can’t have you, I would like to try, And try, and try.  I could only imagine,  That you know what I am saying. I wish you could, I hope you can.   -Anonymous  
    


	 
      Woah! So happy today!! Chinese paper is so easy! I feel like laughing and crying!! Meow Meow!  Tomorrow going bowling! Bowl Bowl Bowl! Wee!!
    


	 
      Okay. Today's Jokes Day. I got nothing to write la, except: GOOD LUCK TO ME IN MY O LEVEL CHINESE!!!  -----  Once upon a time, there lived a man who had a terrible passion for baked beans. He loved them, but they always had an embarrassing and somewhat lively reaction on him. One day he met a girl and fell in love. When it was apparent that they would marry, he thought to himself 'She'll never go for me carrying on like that,' so he made the supreme sacrifice and gave up beans, and shortly after that they got married.  A few months later, on the way home from work, his car broke down and since they lived in the country, he called his wife and told her he would be late because he had to walk. On his way home, he passed a small cafe and the wonderful aroma of baked beans overwhelmed him. Since he still had several miles to walk he figured he could walk off any ill affects before he got home. So he went in and ordered, and before leaving had three extra large helpings of baked beans. All the way home he farted. He 'putted' down one hill and 'putt-putted' up the next. By the time he arrived home he felt reasonably safe.   His wife met him at the door and seemed somewhat excited. She exclaimed, 'Darling, I have the most wonderful surprise for you for dinner tonight!' She put a blindfold on him, and led him to his chair at the head of the table and made him promise not to peek. At this point he was beginning to feel another one coming on. Just as she was about to remove the blindfold, the telephone rang. She again made him promise not to peek until she returned, and she went to answer the phone.   While she was gone, he seized the opportunity. He shifted his weight to one leg and let go. It was not only loud, but *ripe* as a rotten egg.   He had a hard time breathing, so he felt for his napkin and fanned the air about him. He had just started to feel better, when another urge came on. He raised his leg and 'rrriiiipppp!' It sounded like a diesel engine revving, and smelled worse. To keep from gagging, he tried fanning his arms a while, hoping the smell would dissipate. Things had just about returned to normal when he felt another urge coming. He shifted his weight to his other leg and let go. This was a real blue ribbon winner; the windows rattled, the dishes on the table shook and a minute later the flowers on the table were dead. While keeping an ear tuned in on the conversation in the hallway, and keeping his promise of staying blindfolded, he carried on like this for the next ten minutes, farting and fanning them each time with his napkin.   When he heard the 'phone farewells' (indicating the end of his loneliness and freedom) he neatly laid his napkin on his lap and folded his hands on top of it. Smiling contentedly, he was the picture of innocence when his wife walked in. Apologizing for taking so long, she asked if he had peeked at the dinner. After assuring her he had not, she removed the blindfold and yelled, 'Surprise!'   To his shock and horror, there were twelve dinner guests seated around the table for his surprise birthday party.   --------  The Camping Trip  Sherlock Holmes and Dr. Watson went on a camping trip.   After a good meal and a bottle of wine, they lay down for the night and went to sleep.  Some hours later, Holmes awoke and nudged his faithful friend. "Watson, look up and tell me what you see."  Watson replied, "I see millions and millions of stars."   "What does that tell you?"  Watson pondered for a minute. "Astronomically, it tells me that there are millions of galaxies and potentially billions of planets. Astrologically, I observe that Saturn is in Leo. Horologically, I deduce that the time is approximately a quarter past three. Theologically, I can see that God is all powerful and that we are small and insignificant. Meteorologically, I suspect that we will have a beautiful day tomorrow. Why, what does it tell YOU?"  Holmes was silent for a minute, then spoke.   "Watson, you idiot. Some jerk has stolen our tent."   -------  A Shaggy Dog Story  A young man goes off to college, but about a third the way through the semester, he has foolishly squandered what money his parents gave him. "Hmmmm," he wonders, "How am I gonna get more dough?" Then he gets an idea.  He calls his father. "Dad," he says, "You won't believe the wonders that modern education are coming up with! Why, they actually have a program here that will teach Fido how to talk!"   "That's absolutely amazing!" his father says. "How do I get him in that program?"   "Just send him down here with $1000," the boy says, "I'll get him into the course."  So, his father sends the dog and the $1000. About two thirds the way through the semester, the money runs out. So the boy calls his father again. "So how's Fido doing, son?" his father asks.  "Awesome, dad, he's talking up a storm," he says. "But you just won't believe this--now they have a program here that will teach Fido to READ!"  "READ!?" says his father, "That's amazing! What do I have to do to get him in that program?"   "Just send $2,500, I'll get him in the class." So his father sends the money.   At the end of the semester, the boy has a problem. When he gets home, his father will  find out that the dog can neither talk nor read. So he shoots the dog. When he gets  home, his father is all excited. "Where's Fido? I just can't wait to hear him talk and listen  to him read something!"   "Dad," the boy says, "I have some grim news. This morning when I got out of the  shower, Fido was in the living room kicking back in the recliner and reading the morning paper, like he usually does. Then he turned to me and asked 'So, is your daddy still  messin' around with that little redhead that lives down on Oak Street?' "  The father says, "I hope you SHOT that lyin' son-of-a-*****!"   --------  A very shy guy goes into a bar and sees a beautiful woman sitting at the bar. After an  hour of gathering up his courage he finally goes over to her and asks, tentatively, "Um, would you mind if I chatted with you for a while?"  She responds by yelling, at the top of her lungs, "No, I won't sleep with you tonight!" Everyone in the bar is now staring at them.  Naturally, the guy is hopelessly and completely embarrassed and he slinks back to his  table.  After a few minutes, the woman walks over to him and apologizes. She smiles at him and says, "I'm sorry if I embarrassed you. You see, I'm a graduate student in psychology and  I'm studying how people respond to embarrassing situations."  To which he responds, at the top of his lungs, "What do you mean $200?"  -------  A woman was out golfing one day when she hit her ball into the woods. She went into the woods to look for it and found a frog in a trap.  The frog said to her, "If you release me from this trap, I will grant you 3 wishes."  The woman freed the frog and the frog said, "Thank you, but I failed to mention that there was a condition to your wishes (naturally) -that whatever you wish for, your husband will get 10 times more or better!"  The woman said, "That would be okay," and for her first wish, she wanted to be the most beautiful woman in the world.  The frog warned her, "You do realize that this wish will also make your husband the most handsome man in the world, an Adonis, that women will flock to."  The woman replied, "That will be okay because I will be the most beautiful woman and he will only have eyes for me."  So, KAZAM - she's the most beautiful woman in the world!  For her second wish, she wanted to be the richest woman in the world. The frog said, "That will make your husband the richest man in the world and he will be ten times richer than you. " The woman said, "That will be okay because what is mine is his and what is his is mine."  So, KAZAM she's the richest woman in the world! The frog then inquired about her third wish, and she answered, "I'd like a mild heart attack."  --------  One Smart Blonde  A blonde and a lawyer are seated next to each other on a flight from LA to NY. The lawyer asks if she would like to play a fun game? The blonde, tired, just wants to take a nap, politely declines and rolls over to the window to catch a few winks. The lawyer persists and explains that the game is easy and a lot of fun. He explains, "I ask you a question, and if you don't know the answer, you pay me $5.00, and vise versa."  Again, she declines and tries to get some sleep.  The lawyer, now agitated, says, "Okay, if you don't know the answer you pay me $5.00, and if I don't know the answer, I will pay you $500.00."  This catches the blonde's attention and, figuring there will be no end to this torment unless she plays, agrees to the game.  The lawyer asks the first question. "What's the distance from the earth to the moon?"  The blonde doesn't say a word, reaches into her purse, pulls out a $5.00 bill and hands it to the lawyer. "Okay, " says the lawyer, "your turn".  She asks the lawyer, "What goes up a hill with three legs and comes down with four legs?"  The lawyer, puzzled, takes out his laptop computer and searches all his references, no answer. He taps into the air phone with his modem and searches the net and the library of congress, no answer. Frustrated, he sends e-mail to all his friends and coworkers, to no avail. After an hour, he wakes the blonde, and hands her $500.00.  The blonde says, "Thank you, " and turns back to get some more sleep.  The lawyer, who is more than a little miffed, wakes the blonde and asks, "Well, what's the answer?"  Without a word, the blonde reaches into her purse, hands the lawyer $5.00, and goes back to sleep.  ------    That's all folks!  
    


	 
      Okay....Blogger's down...until NOW. Darn pissed off.  Anyway, I want to discuss: Unconditional Love.  Unconditional love is the most purest love there is. It means that you don't expect love back when you give love to the other party. You love the other party because you do, not because you want him to love you back.  More often than not, only few romances/friendships are 'uncondtional relationship'. Everybody wants something out of the other party. Seriously. I observed. A lot lor. They say, mother's love is unconditional. I agree. This is the most purest form of love. Great mother's love.  Me? I give both. I am guilty of committing 'conditional love' on some of my friends. I realised that now. If they don't love me, fine. As long as I do. Unconditional love, yeah, I do that. Only those those I trust perfectly. People like my  VERY EXTREMELY CLOSE  friends. But now, I am trying my best to change all my 'conditional love' to 'unconditional love'.  Hmm..yeah. That's about all. Quite chim right? Actually, this two day's thoughts are the weakest....I still think the one about LOVE is my best written work in this blog (I treat this blog as one of my writing exercises....and mind-clearing....HaHa!).  See ya tomorrow, blog old friend. 
    


	 
      Second topic of discussion: Friendship   I got this email from Wendy, which I want to share.  Friendship is a quiet walk in the park with the one you trust  Friendship is when they gaze into your eyes and you know they care  Friendship is being close even when you are far apart  Friendship is hoping that they experience the very best  Friendship occupies your mind  Friendship is knowing that you will always try to be there when in need  Friendship is a warm smile in the winter   My personal view on friendship is:  Friendship is very beautiful. Indeed it is. Friendship, just like love, can make the world go round. Friendships mean everything to me. Everything. Without all those wonderful friends of mine, I would go crazy. Seriously. I was very lonely in my primary shcool life, and sec 1. I used to frequent the library, and I used to walk home alone. It was so lonely. Nobody besides me. I don't ever want to go though that again.  Friends. A very important necessity for life. I can't stress on how much it is. It is very. I will treasure my friends. I know I always will.  I also found out that: There is no place for "yourself" in a friendship. Absolutely. I always kick my interests for myself aside, for my friends. If you only think about the benefits of yourself, then you are not much of a friend.   I also try to help my friends whenever I could. Seriously. Sometimes, they mistook that for "kaypoh". I am sadly depressed. I am not kaypoh. I am sincerely wanting to help them. But what to do? Seeing my friends so depressed, I also feel so depressed. Sigh. What to do? They don't want to tell me.  But overall, I love my friends. I will treasure our friendships together.  Thank you. Every single one of my friends. 
    


	 
      First topic of discussion: Mrs Chew  I liked Mrs Chew. She is always very nice to me. Why leh? I give you a few examples.  -->She priased me in my report book. She didn't say anything bad about me to my mother. She even said I was "likable". I am so happy!  -->In today's "lucky draw", I was unfortunately chosen (I wished I could be this lucky when it comes to the Harry Potter contest), but what made me happy was: She gave me a look of sympathy, which she didn't to the other winners. Felt so sympathised and happy. YaY!  -->She is always nice towards me....kinda in a biased way. Enjoyed that la...HeHeHe  She is a very nice Chemistry teacher. She motivated me to study well in Chemistry...and I did and I got excellent results to prove it. She inspired me to become a Chemistry teacher. I want to return to Riverside as a Chem teacher and be her collegue. So fun. I have dep admiration for Mrs Chew. Maybe I should tell her that. During graduation la.  Thank you, Mrs Chew. 
    


	 
      From today's experiences (which I cannot narrate due to confidentiality issues), I came to realise one thing:    Love Is Joyful, Yet Painful    Love makes a person happy.  VERY  happy. Love makes the world go round. Love is the driving force in most of the things we do. We love love. We depend on love. Many want to love. Singles envy those in love. Loving couples love each other, and will do boundless thngs just for their loved ones. Such is the power of love.    However, love is also painful. Whenever one feels depressed, the other party will feel the same. Jealousy is a sign of love, even though it is depressing and ugly. Whenever complications arise between both parties, both will feel terribly upset, depressed, painful. Both will begin to wonder what wrong lies in them. Both begin to wonder if they should end their relationship. But in their hearts, they really don't want to. Sometimes, a couple breaks up, because one thinks it is best for the other. This is the power of love. A painful form of love. They still love each other.  Still loving.    Whatever the situation, we can infer: Both   LOVE   each other deeply. They really do.  
    


	 
      Felt terribly upset today. Didn't get invited to a BBQ. And my friends all around me were invited. And I was left out. I felt so lonely, so dejected. I am in such a lousy mood. BAH! PAH! I feel so much like crying. In fact, I already did. 
    


	 
      Heya! I got back my report slip. Not really, but I have a look. I feel so happy. These are some of the things I feel happy about:  --> 'Kelvin' was finally...and I mean FINALLY added to my name! YaY!  --> Mrs Chew basically said a lot of good things about me! I am so happy! Things she said include "Kelvin yip is a polite and courteous pupil.......(forgot)........enthusiastically participates in group work and class projects." Thank you, Mrs Chew!!  --> Mr marks:  EL : 59.2 (C5)  MT : 62 (B4)  Bio : 71.2  (A2)  Combined Science (Chem/Phy):  72.3 (A2)    Combined Humanities (SS/Hist) : 79 (A1)  A-Maths : 59 (C5)  E-Maths : 68 (B3)   Average : 68.5  L1R5 : 17  Quite proud of my marks. Got 3 As this time round. Same as last year. Cheh. No improvement! But I got the highest for Chemistry and History. I always do (okay, very buay hao bai :p). :p So happy with my results.  Even though I am happy, I am still sad actually. My friends all got results which they aren't even proud of. And one failed English, thinking he passed.  WHAT A LOUSY WEIGHTAGE SYSTEM! HOW DARE YOU FAIL MY FRIEND? . Er-hmm. I really feel sorry for them. They worked hard, harder than me. They deserve to win me. They really do. F*** the weightage system. Not really. Just an expression. Bah!  Signing off for the night! Goodnight!
    


	 
      Heya! I have really nothing to write today. So, I shall present to you one of my favorite songs: Back Here, by BBMak. Those lines in bold are the ones I really like. Those in italicised are lthe parts which I love. And always spark something in me when the song reaches that part. Love...perhaps?   Back Here - BBMak  Baby set me free From this misery I can't take it no more Since you ran away Nothing's been the same Don't know what I'm living for  Here I am, so alone   And there's nothing in this world I can do   (Chorus)  Until you're back here, baby  Miss you, want you, need you so  Until you're back here, baby, yeah There's a feeling inside, I want you to know You are the one and I can't let you go   So I told you lies Even made you cry Baby, I was so wrong Girl, I promise you Now my love is true There is where my heart belongs  'Cos here I am, so alone And there's nothing in this world I can do    Until you're back here, baby  Miss you, want you, need you so  Until you're back here, baby, yeah There's a feeling inside, I want you to know You are the one and I can't let you go    And I wonder (wonder) Are you thinking of me 'Cos I'm thinking of you  And I wonder (wonder) Are you ever coming back in my life  'Cos here I am, so alone And there's nothing in this world I can do    Until you're back here, baby  Miss you, want you, need you so  Until you're back here, baby, yeah There's a feeling inside, I want you to know You are the one and I can't   Until you're back here, baby ('Til you're back here, baby) Until you're back here, baby ('Til you're back) You're back Until you're back here, baby ('Til you're back here, baby)    There's a feeling inside, I want you to know  You are the one and I can't Until you're back here, baby ('Til you're back here, baby, come here) Until you're back here, baby ('Til you're back, you're back) Until you're back here, baby ('Til you're back here, baby) Ohhh Until you're back here, baby ('Til you're back, you're back) Until you're back here, baby ('Til you're back here, baby) Until you're back here, baby   
    


	 
      Heya. It's me again.  Okay, I want to share a link. It is:  urlLink http://www.mugglenet.com/facts.shtml   Yep! Facts about Book 5!! So cool!! Let me discuss some of the facts:  --> The choice between what's right and what's easy will be a pillar of the plot in Harry's last 3 years.  Easily the most difficult choice. And rather cliche. We can already know Harry would choose the "right" choice. However, I do hope she will throw us a trick or two, and let Harry choose the "easy" choice.  --> Harry will have to deal with a venemous, disgruntled house-elf.   Oo!! A disgruntled elf. This gotta be exciting.  --> There will be a female Defense Against The Dark Arts teacher with a personality like poisoned honey.   I can imagine guys falling in love with her....and finds out, much to their horror and at the last minute, she is not whom that they think. "Poisoned Honey" gave that away....But still, it is interesting to read.  --> One of the main characters, one of Harry's "fans" will die (not Ron or Hermione). The death will be "horrible to write."  Thank god it is not Ron or Hermione. Harry's fan? Pah! Colin Creevey springs to mind. And so does Dennis Creevey. Horrble to write? Oh my! I am imagining multilation at its worst. Ooopff!   Oh well. There ends my commentary. Read the rest yourself. Goodnight. 
    


	 
      Ha! You heard it, you saw it! Yes! My father didn't pay 4 months worth of bill, therfore, i was cut off from the internet world. How torturous! How heart-wrenching. How embarrassing. But why is this blog appearing? Because!!! Because my mother paid the bill for me! Thanks Mom! Thank you Thank you!  You know, these days, when I am not online, all I did was sleep. Yea! People thought I would study...but no! I sleep instead! I am turning into a lazy cat! Ahh!  I didn't beg for my parents to help me re-activate my account. I figured they didn't need the extra burden. And I figured that if they re-activate, they would tell me. Ahh.... I matured in that sense. I am proud of myself.  My friends leh.....they keep teasing me about not beign able to come online. Ha! I am online now! YaY! Anyway, they keep giving me advice on saving my parent's expenses, like sharing with my brother internet! There is NO WAY I can do that! I don't like to share. I want my own privacy, for goodness sake! Anyway, whatever la.   Today, something happened. I took a look at Hann's EL file. I saw the Spanish thingy about facial features and all that ("She got a sharp nose", "high cheekbones" and all that). Hann saw me, came over, and made a big hell of a fuss. He was saying something like me invading his privacy. Hello!!! And he prevented me from writing down the website address. Like must hide these things from me. What the heck! He wants to protect his own privacy, and his good EL marks. Damn the EL thingy! I have been unhappy about this since the banding. At first not so bad you know...he just hide stuff from me...and say something about Band 3 secret. I thought that time "what the heck? crazy!" But as the year progresses, he got more bitchy about hiding secrets, right until the point where he won't let me find out where he found his resources. I am damn angry about this. Isn't education supposed to be fair for all? Why it is reduced to such a pathetic stage, where everyone competes with each other, and almost lost their friendship because of silly competition? So what if you withdraw info from me? So what if you win me using this method? Isn't this what we call "unorthordox and unfair?" If you want to win me, win my by your own talent, your own hardwork, and not by withdrawing some silly Spanish phrases.  I hate it when silly competition does this! This is all what it does, doesn't it? Spoiling friendships and all that. Now, I don't want to point fingers, but I find this secret-keeping rather silly and pointless. If you got good things, why hide it? Why not share it? Based on "keeping originality"? If I am in-charge, I wouldn't allow this silly crap to happen. I can't stand it, frankly speaking. I know. I am making lots of people angry due to my comments. It can't be helped. I am venting my fustrations. I can't please everyone (I am getting sick right now of pleasing everyone! Control yourself, KY!). This is my blog! My personal diary! I have every right to write my own feelings in here! If you get angry, that's your problem. Take note that I didn't blow up in your face. That's another thing altogether. I hope this nonsensical secret-hiding-from-other-bands thing will stop! It's getting too out of hand!  Deep breath. Okay, I stopped venting my fustrations. That doesn't mean my anger has been dissipated. It's still there, alright. Okay....besdies that, nothing much happeend. Oh yeah, Wendy wrote 2 real nice poems! They are thought-provoking proses, and they make me smile everytime I read them. Hmm! Keep up the good work, Wendy!   Today's lyrics of the day shall be...nothing. Nah...not really in the mood to add lyrics. I was originally wanting to add "Back Here", but since it doesn't apply to this current situation, I discarded the idea. I am signing off le. Goodnight! 
    


	 
      well, this's wendy here. kelvin's having problems with his net, heard that his dad didn't pay up, so he's unable to write an entry today. He wants me to write this here so he wouldn't miss a day entry. Oh well.
    


	 
      So many things happened!  I read Hann's diary again! This time, he added his view about my hand being burnt. He said I planned this all along! I planned to burn the peg, and make sure Mrs Chew is watching, then reach over the flame to get another peg! I planned to get Mrs Chew's sympathy (Oh! Speaking of that! Mrs Chew asked me this morning, across 4/4, if I had developed any blister! Such a caring teacher!). The way he wrote his entry hor, makes me think that he is jealous. He is jealous Mrs Chew isn't giving him attention! Ahhh! Saw your motive already ar! Think I don't know! Anyway, he called me a sly old rat (he don't know how to spell crafty) and blacklisted me. Yeah. So I am getting cursed every night. Oh well! HeHe!  Then, at Physics, a terrible thing happened! Me, along with several others, were forced to stand up because we didn't bring Physics file. Sigh...stand at the back. But I stood next to Wendy's desk...so not so bad la. Can talk to her. Ha! Shr caught me several times talking to her, and glared at me. HeHe. Oh well! I feel like video-taping this cruel act leh... HaHa!   At CME, we did a election thingy, where we organise an election campaign for a MP. Our group used PVP (People's Voices Party) as the party name, and the nominated candidate is Tian Da Yip (crafted after Tian Da Hua of Holland V). So, in other words, I am gonna be the MP. YaY! Anyway, we had fun creating the particulars of the MP. However, there were some disagreements here and there. Yeah. I DON'T WANT TO HAVE A PhD in ECONOMICS! I hate studying the economy. By the way, being an MP doesn't mean you have to know the economy lor! I rather study fun things. Like socialogy. Yeah. Even Tian Da Yip got a Masters Degree in English, and a Doctorate in Science (That's so fun! I think I am quoting chem facts at the election speech! Crazy KY cat!). And the goals for Woodlands, some of them are ridiculous! Like who will build a skyscraper in Woodlands? It should belong in the CBD for goodness sake! It would look odd, especially in Woodlands, a residential district. Sticking out like a sore thumb, I tell ya. The land should be used to build an animal's shelter for stray cats, dogs, hamsters, rabbits and all sorts of stray animals. I am gonna be the first MP to care about the animals. What a caring MP Tian Da Yip is! Ahh yes!  After that, basically is another boring day. Oh yeah! A-Maths! So easy! Especially so because we done it before. We shouldn't get anything less than 16 (Well, the second qns virtually nobody knows. So, oh well!). Anyway, went straight home in father's taxi after school.   Saw the doctor and everything (Completed Chem rememdial worksheet there and did those Phy qns that I know). After that, went to collect the flowers. Wendy and Yi Chun accompanied me, and they end up having to carry 10 roses back home each (Yeah, 10 roses for each of us. I am carrying the white ones, Wendy the blue ones, and Yi Chun the pink ones). Hmm...gonna put in the class early in the morning tomorrow, and cannot let the juniors spot us! Absolutely not! Anyway, the roses are in a bucket of ice-water for the night.   Hmm....I think I stop here liao la. Sorry if I sound very heated in the MP thingy. Guess I was kinda angry about having to "complete economics studies" and promise residents of Woodlands to build a skyscraper. Anger gets the better of me most of the times. Guess I should learn how to cool down a bit, huh? Okay...presenting today's song! It's from the Disney movie, MuLan. Yeah! Sing along! Come on!    Reflection - Christina Aguilera   Look at me You may think you see Who I really am But you'll never know me Every day It's as if I play a part Now I see If I wear a mask  I can fool the world But I cannot fool my heart   Who is that girl I see Staring straight back at me?  When will my reflection show Who I am inside?   I am now In a world where I  Have to hide my heart   And what I believe in  But somehow I will show the world What's inside my heart  And be loved for who I am   Who is that girl I see Staring straight back at me? Why is my reflection Someone I don't know? Must I pretend that I'm Someone else for all time?  When will my reflection show Who I am inside?    There's a heart that must be Free to fly  That burns with a need to know The reason why     Why must we all conceal What we think, how we feel?   Must there be a secret me I'm forced to hide?  I won't pretend that I'm Someone else for all time  When will my reflection show Who I am inside? When will my reflection show Who I am inside?     Ahh! Yes! What a nice song! Goodnight all! 
    


	 
      Ahhh! You say how!  Today is another boring Sunday, with nothing to do. Well, there is la. But I too lazy le. Watched TV in the morning, played FFIX in the early afternoon and now I am here typing my blog. Wonder what I am gonna do tonight.  Ayiah! Later have to buy dinner for both of us (Brother and I). However, it's raining now! How to buy dinner like that? So meowful! Sigh...see if the rain stops lor.  Ayioh! I got two ulcers in my mouth. So painful! Everytime I eat, drink, or speak...it will hurt me in a way or another. One ulcer is at the lower lips (probably bit it when i was sneezing. Another is at the base of the tongue. Don't even know how it got there. AHH! So painful!  Ahh!! I got paraffin poisoning! From burning a paraffin candle! I hate paraffin! I inhaled lead (Now getting lead poisoning), some carcinogens (Ahh! I am getting cancer! A Cancerian getting Cancer!)! I am coughing and choking! And the effects are irreversible! AHH!!! From now on, I am burning non-paraffin candles!   Okay, lyrics for the day. Enjoy yourself!    Lady Marmalade - Christina Aguilera, Mya, Pink, Lil Kim & Missy Elliot   Hey sister, go sister, soul sister, flow sister Hey sister, go sister, soul sister, go sister   Mya:  He met Marmalade down in old Moulin Rouge Strutting her stuff on the street She said, "Hello, hey Joe You wanna give it a go?" oh  Itchy gitchi yaya dada (hey hey hey) Itchy gitchi yaya hee (hee oh) Mocha chocolata yaya (ooh yeah) Creole Lady Marmalade (ohh)  Voulez - vous coucher avec moi, ce soir (oh oh) Voulez - vous coucher avec moi (yeah yeah yeah yeah)   Pink:  He sat in her boudoir while she freshened up Boy drank all that magnolia wine On her black satin sheets Is where he started to freak, yeah  Itchi gitchi yaya dada (da da yeah) Itchi gitchi yaya hee (ooh yeah yeah) Mocha chocolata ya ya Creole Lady Marmalade, uh  Voulez - vous coucher avec moi, ce soir (ce soir) Voulez - vous coucher avec moi (ooh)   Lil' Kim:  Yeah, yeah, aw We come through with the money and the garter belts Let 'em know we 'bout that cake, straight out the gate We independent women, some mistake us for whores I'm saying, why spend mine when I can spend yours Disagree, well that's you and I'm sorry I'mma keep playing these cats out like Atari Wear high heeled shoes, get love from the dudes Four badass chicks from the Moulin Rouge Hey sisters, soul sisters Gotta get that dough sisters We drink wine with diamonds in the glass by the case The meaning of expensive taste We wanna itchi gitchi yaya (come on) Mocha chocolata (what) Creole Lady Marmalade (One more time, come on)  Marmalade (ooh) Lady Marmalade (ooh yeah) Marmalade (ohh)   Christina:  Hey, hey, hey Touch of her skin feeling silky smooth, oh Color of cafe au lait, alright Made the savage beast inside Roar until he cried More, more, more   Pink:  Now he's back home doing nine to five (nine to five)   Mya:  Living a gray flannel life   Christina:  But when he turns off to sleep, memories keep More, more, more  Itchi gitchi yaya dada Itchi gitchi yaya hee (ohh) Mocha chocolata ya ya (ooh) Creole Lady Marmalade  Voulez - vous coucher avec moi, ce soir (ce soir) Voulez - vous coucher avec moi Voulez - vous coucher avec moi, ce soir (ce soir) Voulez - vous coucher avec moi (ohh) Come on, uh   Missy Elliott:  Christina (Moulin) Pink (Lady Marmalade) Lil' Kim (Hey, uh uh uh uh uh uh uh) Mya (Rockwilder baby) Lady Moulin Rouge Ooh Misdemeanor here  Creole Lady Marmalade, ooh yeah    What a fun song! Me-ow meow! Bye bye all!
    


	 
      Ahh! Sweet Saturday, or not.  Woke up early in the morning...Why wake up so early, on a Saturday some more? Well, because I have to get to Wendy's house to do homework! HaHa! Now habit liao. Every Sat go her house to do homework. Anyway, in case you are wondering, I ate some noodles (forgot name le) for breakfast.   Went to her house at 9.20, reaching there at 9.30+. Completed EL...my one and only homework there. HaHa. After that, watched MTV with her. Went home at 2+, after making a few trips back to her house to borrow a candle from her and return her the FF CDs. HaHa!   Basically, did nothing at home. Okay okay...I cleaned my room. Then, surfed the Net and chatted in MSN Messenger.  Today, while watching the Channel 8 news, I saw a shot of the Combined Schools Choir singing. Ahh! Still the same old vest, except different colours! I was reminded of my first (and maybe last?) NDP performance. That was being part of the Combined School's Choir. Yeah! That was such a fun event! I still remember!   Riverside Sec was selected as one of the schools for Combined Choir, along with other 10+ schools. I was Sec 1 then (Woah! Sec 1 so involved already ar!!). I remember we have our first rehearsal at Ah Moy Quee Camp. It was inside the hall, and boy, it was very crowded. We met our conductor, Angelin Manvoanjthan Paul (How I know? Because last time, I went to the NDP website, checked out her name, and found her address and telephone number using the phone directory! HaHa!) and our choreographer (dunnoe her name le!! But she's quite famous!). We sang songs and practised the dance steps of the first song there. Subsequent rehearsals were held at the SAFRA (dunnoe where) camp. We got our props and costume around June (was so excited!), and by then, we moved our practice venues to under some bridge near the Padang. In the evenings, we would go to the erected stands built on the Padang to practise. We have to memorise the dance moves, when to use the props and how, and the song lyrics. Our first performance was during the NE shows, where the P5 kids went (My primary school was there! Mr former form teacher, Mr Shah, was there too! Woo-hoo!). Then, we moved performed in the Preview shows, and finally, moved on to the actual NDP itself! Did I tell you they provide sucky dinners? Yes they did. Their dinner not nice one! Once, I saw the vegetarian one nicer, so I picked the vegetarian one the next rehearsal. But!! But!!! It turned out to be disgusting, and the non-vegetarian one turns out to be nicer! Purposely do that to me one, those people!   HaHa! did I forget to tell you that I was yearning to go on TV? But in front of me were two VERY tall guys. Ergh! Darn!! Hate them, because I overheard them saying that they join choir because they were forced to. How sucky. Anyway, the final day (8th august) arrived! Woah! So exciting! So nervous! I felt proud, to participate in the NDP. Yeah. We sang songs for the pre-parade segment. PCK and his family came (they were the hosts for that day)..blah blah. Then, at 6, the camera started rolling! Oh my!! It turns out that it mananged to capture Shuet Ling! Oh my!!! And when I played the recorded tape back, I can see CQ, and the two boys in front of me, and somebody waving the scarf behind the two boys. Ahh! So embarrassing! I was hidden! Ahhh! Anyway, sang finished le...sit back and watch the show. Woah! Well, not really woah la! See so many times le...so boring already. Chatted with CQ, Alan and my senior (Forgot name le!! Ahh! But I know he wanted to be a psychiatrist. I even gave him problems to solve on the bus trips to the Padang! HaHa! Okay! Update: His name is Jian Chong.). We held up the cardboxes, forming a picture of a keyboard and the mouse. At the end, we sang our last and final piece, Singapore Medley. After the NDP, the choir went wild! We began dancing around, and some of us even went down to get the signatures of the artistes down there (like the who Wendi Koh, PCK, Sharon Au they all). I could never forget this day. Everytime I see the Combined School Choir performing, I would feel extrmemely jealous. In 2001 and subsequent years, they sat on velvet cloth, while we sat on wooden benches, Last year, their props were fabulous, and the guys get to welcome Sun Yan Zi. Me and CQ felt so jealous! HaHa! They even got a cool fan. Okay KY..stop it! In conclusion, I must say, the whole thing, from rehearsals to performances, is a totally fun, enjoyable and memorable!  Anyway, today's lyrics shall feature one of the songs featured in NDP 2000. It's an oldie, but hey! Who cares, right? Sit back and sing along!    Cartoon Heroes - Aqua   We are what we're supposed to be Illusions of your fantasy All dots and lines that speak and say  What we do is what you wish to do   We are the color symphony We do the things you wanna see Frame by frame, to the extreme  Our friends are so unreasonable They do the unpredictable All dots lines that speak and say What we do is what you wish to do  It's all an orchestra of strings Doin' unbelievable things Frame by frame, to the extreme One by one, we're makin' it fun  We are the Cartoon Heroes - oh - oh - oh We are the ones who're gonna last forever We came out of a crazy mind - oh - oh - oh And walked out on a piece of paper  Here comes Spiderman, arachnophobian Welcome to the toon town party Here comes Superman, from never - neverland Welcome to the toon town party  We learned to run at speed of light And to fall down from any height It's true, but just remember that  What we do is what you just can't do   And all the worlds of craziness A bunch of stars that's chasing us Frame by frame, to the extreme One by one, we're makin' it fun  We are the Cartoon Heroes - oh - oh - oh We are the ones who're gonna last forever We came out of a crazy mind - oh - oh - oh And walked out on a piece of paper  Here comes Spiderman, arachnophobian Welcome to the toon town party Here comes Superman, from never - neverland Welcome to the toon town party  You think we're so mysterious Don't take us all too serious Be original, and remember that  What we do is what you just can't do   What we do is what you just can't do What we do is what you just can't do What we do is what you just can't do What we do is what you just can't do  We are the Cartoon Heroes - oh - oh - oh We are the ones who're gonna last forever We came out of a crazy mind - oh - oh - oh And walked out on a piece of paper  There's still more to come And everyone will be Welcomed at the Toon - Toon Town - Town Party    HaHa! Yep! So fun, that song! People who loves cartoons will like this song (I think!). Goodnight all!
    


	 
      Back to school le! Loads of interesting things happened. Okay, not really loads, but definitely interesting.   First of all, I smiled, real big, when I was walking towards the study area. Long time no see my close friends le. CQ, WQ...not forgetting SL, Gloria they all! Was so happy to see them. HaHa. I siow one. That's what 2 days of MC made you become. A friend-sick lonely cat.   Later, Hann came up to the hall. HaHa! Long time no see him le! He smiled at me lor.... (are you imagining things, KY?), obviously happy to see me.....Knew from some sources that he got lonely sitting next to an empty chair for 2 days. Ayiah...he siow siow cat one. Later in the day, he would say something about sitting next to me is annoying. Zhui Ying Xin Ruan! A fun cat all the same!   Oh...let's fast forward to recess. Didn't eat there. Why? Because I am afraid of vomitting out my food. They all say I am lsoing weight (jian fei).....Ayiah! I do feel hungry lor...especially if I didn't even get to digest my lunch and dinner yesterday! Look at the previous entry for a very detailed narration on my vomitting process (HeHe! Quite proud of that leh!). But also kinda true la, if you come to think about it. Not eating is "jian fei"ing indirectly. Why indirectly? Because it is never my intended reason for not eating. Ha!  Then, got E-Maths test! I tell you ar! I sucks at that topic (Trigo and Bearings).  There's a question on Repanzel, her length of the hair, her prince, her tower, some dragons and line AB. Try to fit these together and see how you can come up with a Trigo/Bearing question! I only knew the first part (Ha! Dunnoe correct or not also!)...then I drew a Repanzel cartoon on the foolscap. HaHa! Found out Hann did the same thing also, because he sucks at that topic too, and dunnoe the question. No wonder Radha told me, "You are very strange lately. But you are under the influence of this boy (Hann)..I know!". HaHa!   I read Hann's journal! Ayioh...found out a lot of his inner feelings. I really depise THOSE kind of people. Come one lor! There's nothing wrong with Hann. I find him funny, cute, homorous, and a very good friend. If people thinks otherwise, then there must be something terribly wrong with them. Especially THOSE people.   Okay...chem practical. One major accident happened! I burned myself while reaching out for that test-tube holder. I didn't know the flame is there....and my arm came into contact with the flame. Mrs Chew was there. She quickly stopped me and made me wash my arm under running water. Yeah..she was so concerned with my arm. HaHa! Yeah......was touched la. She sent Hann down to get ice.....In the end, only suffered just a burn in the surface. Not serious one....because I got my hand away in time. Mrs Chew said she heard my arm burning and was so scared. I saw some black dots on my skin, but washed off easily. Actually, I don't know my skin came into contact with the fire lor, until Mrs Chew yelled then I realised that my arm hurts. I very strange one. Mrs Chew said that a girl was also like me....reach out for something but was burned by the flame. She wants to move the test tube rack to the side, but forgot. I think she'll remember next time. Or I go remind her la. For the safety of everyobdy. HaHa.  I was so being teased at after the burning incident. Don't know why also, but they say I 'shu ma' (born in the horse year). Hann made a hilarious statement by saying that I knew it beforehand that I was going to get burned, becuase I plotted the incident before practical. The reason why I didn't eat was because I can scream more painfully when being burned. HaHa! So funny man! Then, in the Lab, while preparing the ice for my injured hands (Thank you, Hann!), eh said, "Don't think you can get into my diary by doing this ar!" HaHa! Later he said, "Okay, i am going to write about you!". :) Such a crazy funny cat!  After that, went to the Causeway Point to order the flowers, which I am gonna pick up on Monday. O.o O.o The florist says there is a big bunch of flowers. HaHa! Imagine that! Anyway, we brought sweets (my beloved $4 ar!! And I can't even get to eat them....HaHa! No la! Sure will have extras one. So can eat after they wrap up. HaHa!). I put them in the fridge back home, and labelled it "For Choir. Don't Not Open!"!! HaHa!   Anyway, at the Value Shop, i have a sudden urge to buy sour plums. Then CQ said "ni you le" (I got le! Got what? Ayiah! Pregnant la!)!  HaHa! Then I pretended for the rest of today, I am a "yun fu" (pregnant woman) whose husband abandoned her after he got wind of her pregnancy (which is just a few days...how she know she's pregnant? Because she missed her period yesterday! I am so meow meow!), so now the "yun fu" have to work as a waitress to support herself and the children. When walking past a clothes shop, we saw a maternity dress displayed! CQ said I should wear that, but I flatly refused and said, "No! I look fat in it! And I am only a few days pregnant!" Then, I made CQ say what sex chromosome is the male sperm carrying (X or Y. Read up on your Bio lar, if you dunnoe!). He chose my baby to be female. So female it shall be! HaHa! Maybe I will carry on the act. Or maybe sometime later, when I got tired of acting preganant, I will "miscarriage" (opps! there goes the baby!) or I will say it is a false alarm, because my period came back. HaHa! See! I am so pervertic!  Hmm! Dunnoe what to say le. So funny ar, today! Me-ow Meow! Goodnight all!   **Current update: The zygote-that-is-undergoing-mitosis (okay okay...the un-developed foetus) wants to eat instant noodles. The mother can't, because it contains chicken essence. Anything to do with chicken is a big no-no, uinless the mother wants to cough for eternity. Sigh...when a woman gets pregnant, she will have sudden weird cravings for food. Or it is just a figment of the imagination....maybe there's no baby. Who cares! Right now, the zygote-undergoing-mitosis wants instant noodles! 
    


	 
      You might find this over-whelming, when you get to read 3 entries of the same day, especially when I don't normally post 3 entries under the same day. But hey...what can you do when you tkane leave from school due to sickness and at that particular moment, disaster choose to strike. Maybve this is arranged, pre-destined. That I stay at home and help out manage the crisis (by typing the letter in my computer...nono...my brother don't know how to type letters, and his command of EL is too poor to edit mistakes. And no...I am not insulting him. This is the fact. Get used to it.). Universe does have a way to work things out.   Speaking of illness, I just suffered the consequences of violent coughing, which I have experienced too many times for my comfort. Besides my stomach aching when I cough, now I can't even get to digest my food. Yes. Due to my violent coughing, my food can't reach my stomach. The force keeps propelling the food upwards. So, they stayed in the oesopghagus. And sometime later, you will have to expel it out.  Yes. Major Eww....That's what happened to me. I vomitted out my food. And let me tell you. Vomitting is no fun thing! First, some signs will appear telling you that you are about to vomit. One of them is like vomitting air out when you are coughing. That's when you know. Yes. Major discomfort. Then you proceed to the toilet to vomit. Your throat burns horribly as you churn out the food. Your mouth feels horrible as you taste your chewed food, and sometimes, the acidity of the HCl in the stomach. Your stomach will fold inwards, causing much discomfort. The rush of food and liquid coming out of your mouth is over-whelming. After you force all your food out (and flush the toilet), your throat feels stuck and burning. And when you try to take in food, it burns you. It pains you. Every muscle around your chest captivity hurts. And no, I am not exaggerating all these. I experience all these just now. So don't roll your eyes. It could happen to you. Now, I feel like vomitting out my dinner, trying to control. Now I seriously disgust you, haven't I? Now go on...go to the toilet and vomit. I will be waiting here, don't worry. Oh! In case you are wondering, why am I being so disgusting today? Because something compells me to. Don't ask why.  After the major barf session, I am back. And there's where I am gonna end off. See you guys around. You people better hope I get well soon, or I am going to come back with more disgusting tales to tell. HaHa. Goodnight. 
    


	 
      Damn CityCab! How dare they! They are not re-newing my father's license. Yes! You heard it! They are firing my father? Why? Because "of your adverse accidents/serive records"! What the fuck! Accidents? Services? For 14 years! My father has only received one complaint, and that was ruled in my father's favor. How dare they bring that up again! And the accidents! My father was clear of all charges too (the current one is still pending)! How dare they use it against my father! They are biting the hand that feeds them! Everyday, my father pays $40 of rental (sometimes $80 when the relief is not working!)! $40 goes into their pocket everyday....That's $14,600 every year! Those ignorant fools! Those ungrateful idiots!   We are, of course, not going to sit here and hurl abuses at them. We have already written a letter of appeal of the Ken Tan, chief operating officer (This is one time in my life where learning how to write formal letter comes in handy). My father is going there to hand the letter in. Okay, current update: The Ken Tan told my father "Don't worry. I speak to the head about it. We will try our best to get a new taxi for you. We will let you know latest by next Monday." Phew! That's at least something. My anger has been dissipated..sort of. At least the appeal letter is working on Ken Tan. I wonder if it works on the head cat. Or I wonder if Ken Tan is saying that to console my father. CityCab is known be to "slow".   But whatever! If they reject the appeal, me and my father are going to the "Meet The Residents Session" on 1st August, asking our MP to do something about it! This is unfair action against my father! We have been treated with injustice! I must see something done! Or else...the Yip family is going back to the Stone Age. Yes! It's that worse!   They better let my father have a new taxi! They better! They had to! 
    


	 
      Oh look! I am still at home!   I decided, along with my mother's and friends' advice, to stay at home and rest for another day. I am missing a lot of things, like ting xie, chem practical (how did it go ar?) and the audition thingy. Well, I regret NOT going to the audition thingy..but oh well. Now, 4/5 should be having EL...haha..I wonder what Thong is saying now (right..your oral marks ar..I promise you on Monday, right?). And I realized that I missed my friends. Oh my!! I am forgetting how they look like! Don't exaggerate, KY!   Today, I woke up at 8.35. Wee! I felt so much better, except my throat still hurts. Bathed and my mother went to the market to buy household needs (and our breakfast). Stupid new cordless phone almost drove me back to illness. Stupid phone won't show the timing. How lousy! Came online, attended GypsyMoon's meeting (which is a rare chance to!), had fun.   Ate  siew kueh  at 10 something, after that, read the third installment of Silver RavenWolf's books (To Light A Sacred Flame).   Ayioh! My father is supposed to change his 7-year-old-taxi next month, but the company won't let him now. Why? Because they said my father is involved in too many accidents! WHAT? Only 3! And two of them are not his fault (CityCab verified so)...the third is still "not ascertain". Phooey. My mother have to submit the accidents thingy printed from the CityCab website to the MP for dunnoe what reasons. I hope our MP (Dr Tony Tan) have fair judgement! Which includes ruling in favor of my father, because the accidents are not his fault (He was banged into, for goodness sake!). If we don't get a new taxi, I will personally wage a war against our current govt and WILL not elect for them...when I get the chance to vote, that is (Sembawang GRC is always a walkover! Darn those scaredy-cat opposition! I remember when I was staying in Ang Mo Kio, my parents went to election once. And I was playing in the exercise stations outside the secondary school while waiting for my parents to vote. HaHa.).  Or I will not. That's too immature. Ayiah..whatever la!!! I wish my father gets a new taxi though. The old one is sucky. Every month, at least once, he would have to send the taxi to repair. Always. Lousy old taxi.   Anyway, I am writing until here le..Tata! 
    


	 
      I am beginning to feel that eating is a terrible waste of time. I hate eating when I have a blocked nose. What good is eating when you can't even taste the food? Well, this might be the best time to put all those disgusting stuff inside my food....since I can't taste them, I won't vomit it out. Of course, I wouldn't eat it because I don't want that stuff to enter my digestive system. I am going way off point here.  Oh yeah, back to the topic. After writing my earlier entry...I surfed around aimlessly. Then I did the things Tsung asked me to....blah blah blah....printer no ink...A Drive something wrong. Switched off computer to eat my tasteless lunch. After that, came back, printed (brought new ink tank), saved and switched off the computer.  I fell alsleep the whole afternoon. Was rudely waken up by my idiotic brother to drink my medicine. Put me in a damn bad mood. Then, I found out my father redeemed another cordless phone from Shell. Ate yet antohet tasteless dinner. Read finished the second RavenWolf book and watched Holland V. Now online.  Tomorrow got ting xie. And Chem practical. But I am still feeling sick. If i go, I might avargrate (dunnoe how to spell la!) my illness, and I certainly don't want that. Also don't wanna go because I am still feeling weak (heck! all this typing already made me weak), but tomorrow got chem practical and ting xie. I don't want to take ting xie outside the classroom, and also miss a valuable chem practical. Sigh..Wendy and WQ told me to rest at home to re-cuperate. Don't know la. See tomorrow first lor...if I am still feeling weak or not.  Sigh..I ending off here le...Goodnight. 
    


	 
      Ergh. You noitced that, of course, yesterday there was no entry. Why? Because I am down with a serious bout of flu.  I kept sneezing and sneezing in class today. More than 32 times...yeah. WQ stopped counting after 32. I am so horrible. During Chem remedial, I felt so weak. My brain hurts. My body's on fire and I got a runninmg nose, to top that. Ergh!  Once I reached home, I took a bath. Then, I laid my history homework in front of me. I felt so sick. I don't wanna do, but if I don't do, I have to do it today. And I don't wanna do homework today, so I tried to do it. After defining 2a's topic, I fell alsleep. Father came home...blah blah....said a lot of unpleasant thngs..blah blah blah...went on sleeping.  Woke up to eat dinner. After that, I tried to do history...can't think straight...so fell alsleep. I was woken up on a number of times, from SMSes and phone calls. I took a look at my homework, and fell back alseep, no mood to do. At 9 something, was woken up by Ben's call, asking me about computer sutff (Norton this and that affecting messenger...). Now, I felt determined to complete my history. The thought of doing it today scared me. And besides, SL and CQ wants to copy (okay, not really CQ..dunnoe la!!). Completed it within half and hour...anyhow scribble something that makes sense. After that, waited for mom to get home so I can ask to stay home today. SMSed Wendy...blah blah blah...Mom came home, and said I can rest today.  Can't sleep that night. Thorat hurts like hell. I can't be exposed to cold (cause I will feel terribly cold), but I can't do without the fan ('ll feel terribly hot). Managed to sleep la.   Woke up at 7+ with an even worse sore throat. My body hurts and I feel terribly hot. That's what happens when my immune system is waging a war against some stupid virus. Bathed, ate breakfast.  Went to the doctor. He said my flu is terribly severe. I am supposed to rest, but here I am, typing this. Don't want to rest la....can't fall alseep. Now I got a blocked nose, which makes eating a terrible chore. I cna't even enjoy my food! I guess I shall stop here...nothing much to write liao. Hopefully will write another entry tonight. See ya. 
    


	 
      Ah! Today's SFY! Wee!!! Let me narrate the day in detail!  Woke at at 4.45! After a whole night of turning and tossing around! Oh my!! Woke up, bathed, ate. Then I geled my hair and applied deodarant....HaHa. I went down at 6.15....and surprisingly, reached school at 6.35.   Woah! The choir room is bustling with activity! Girls are everywhere...being applied make-up, applying make-up, everybody is running here and there. We finally settled down at around 6.45. We warmed up, sang Irama. Before setting off, Miss Choo gathered us in a circle, holding everybody's hands. She said we worked this hard. We should be proud of ourselves no matter the result. We did a cheer of some sort. It boosted my spirits!   We got onto the bus, and there,. the journey to NGHS started. I sat with CQ, and with my friends around. We gossiped here and there. Finally, I recongized the neighbourhood! NGHS is near! Everyone began feeling pretty nervous! We stopped in front of the school (thank god the driver knows how to go there!) and got down. We walked towards the school, and saw a choir gathered around in front of the Xiu Mei Da Hui Tang. Hmm....then we went inside the holding area, but before we did, I went to the toilet.  I tell you ar!! Thos horrible girls were laughing at us! Laughing at our costume! I felt so embarrassed! Such a lousy behavior! They should be ashamed of themselves!   Anyway, I went back to the holding room. Practice just started. We sang the songs a few more times. I felt happy. After we concluided practice, all of us started fretting about. Wendy was very very nervous, and so was I. I meditated..what a strange thing to do there...haha. After that, we chatted.   In came a choir! Their costume was terribly transparent. Ha! We finally found one school with lousier costume! Anyway, while they are filing past us, I commented loudly, "Why are there no boys? Is this a all girls schools?" and was shushed by so many people. What?! Cannot ask meh? We noticed a girl waering a different cosume. We thought she was the soloist. Anyway, we moved on the final holding room!   Ahhh!! Suddenly, my throat became terribly constricted! I think it is the nerves! I drank some water.....and felt better! Very very nervous at that time....! Then,Mr Low announced it's our turn! OMG! It finally arrived! The moment I have been waiting for. We filed into single rows, and moved towards the Xiu Mei Da Hui Tang. Ayioh! So nervous and exciting! I lead my row into the stage. I walked pretty fast..HaHa. But we settled down. Then came Miss Choo. The announcer's voice said, "On the stage is the choir from Riverside Secondary. Their choice pieces are: 'Three Ways To Vacuum Your House' and 'Ba Jun Zhan'." And, we began singing.  The set piece was kinda okay. Yeah, not much error made. But I made a terrible error! I was breathing, very obviously, after each line. My shoulders were heaving up and down! Oh no!!!! My feet is uncomfortable...very!  The Three Ways arr!! Was kinda fast in a way, but I still find it okay. My breathing nervousness subsided. Yeah, that's a good thing. I was smiling.  Ba Jun Zhan is a total dissappointment. I thought that this song is our best, but it turned out to be the worse. The speed became terribly fast, and Miss Choo have difficulty slowing us down. She told us that during the main part, the Sops slowed down, and she had two different speeds to control. The Sop 1 ended slower two notes than us, which is very obvious. And Bright didn't come in for the second part. He lost timing, and Miss Choo didn't cue him in. Miss Choo was glaring at him at that time, but he sang well for his last part, so that's a good relief.   We ended..just like that! So fast! The NG's choir was applausing rather politely for us (I bet their are laughing their heads off! Hui Min overhead them saying they can't hear the lyrics of Ba Jun Zhan clearly.). We sat down to watch the next 3 choirs.  Woah!! The choir after us, CHIJ (forgot what comes after next le) choir was like totally damn expressive. They had becautiful smiles on their faces, and they were moving. Their conductor was funny too. He kept kneeling down and conducting! So funny. We noticed a Chitra-lookalike. She was very tall, and also damn expreesive. She kept moving about! Oh my!! And the girl we thought who was a soloist? Well, she turned out to be a page-turner for the pianist! Oh!!! We thought they would get gold for sure.   The second school, Tanjong Katong Secondary, was terribly brilliant! They have so many boys! And oh my! Their bass voices added so much depth into the set piece! Oh my! They used an SATB score, I bet! Their choice peices were wonderous as well. What suprised me most is that the boys held up silvery sticks and struct them together in the middle of a song. Woah! Way way cool! (If only we can bring a real live vacuum cleaner to perform during Three Ways!) Another gold recipient, I bet. After hearing these two choirs, we felt really inferior.  However, the last choir is a seabreeze machine itself! From dunnoe what secondary school, they manages to produce a hell lot of seabreeze. Their voices were very airy. The boy's voices sounded very constricrting! Ha! Even I don't sound like that! We felt confident again!! YaY! (Kelvin Yip! Cannot like that ar!)  After that, we came out of the Xiu Mei Da Hui Tang and took a lot of photos. After waiting for some time, the bus arrived! We are on our way home. We felt quite dejected la, frankly speaking. Oh well.  We reached school at 11.30 and after taking our belongings from the Music room, went down to eat. We ate till 12.30, where we went back to class. Wendy started crying, because she missed choir. I think the juniors felt really appreicated.    Lessons went on......blah blah blah...I learnt I got highest for Chem (YaY!) and there's another Chem test on Alcohols, Organic Acids and Esters next Thursday. Oh well! History remedial went on as usual And YaY! My article was selected for the book thingy! YaY!   After History, we stayed back to know the results for SYF! What a long wait! We waited from 3.30 to 5.30. Miss Mala told us at one point that the award doesn't matter, as long as we learnt something from it and became a better person. I felt really appreciated! At 5 something, Mdm Harn called Mr Low, but he swtiched off the handphone. At 5.30 or so, Wendy called Low and was able to get through! We found out that....we got.... BRONZE ! I was momentraily happy. Then, PeiYu mentioned that Miss Choo is gonna get sacked, and we became quite sad. We went to the HOD door and knocked on it. Miss Mala came out, and we shouted that we got Bronze. She congratulated us and after hearing from Wendy that a lot of schools got COP, she congratulated us further! Then Harn came out and we again, screamed at her that we got Bronze! Mr Low then called and told her that the competition was quite stiff! A few lucky schools got Bronze, Silver and Gold. Surpirsingly, CHIJ got silver. Woah! So, getting Bronze shows us something about our standard. Mdm Harn reassured us that Miss Choo is NOT gonna get fired (good! Because the choir would be protesting if she did!), because the school is very happy with her performance and want to continue with her! YaY! We went home from then on. I felt happy la. We got Bronze, better than a losuy COP, and we get to keep Miss choo. Suddenly, I felt Bronze is a very good result. Who cares about the school's expectations? they are silly and impossible anyway. As long as we did our very best.....  Wendy and PeiYu massed smsed everyone. One of the things that came to mind was that people were more concerned about the sacking of Miss Choo when they learnt we got Bronze. This shows that Miss Choo is very important to us, and is a very very good teacher! Thanks Miss Choo, for being the best conductor and teaching us lots of wonderful things!  Ahh..write until here la. This blog is very very long! Don't wanna paste lyrics today. Ahh!! Goodnight all! Bronzy Bronzy Bronze! 
    


	 
      Woah! A lot go things happened today!  Firstly, I went to Wendy's house to complete my homework. Her brother was there, and so was her kao fu. Hmm, I did complete my homework. I found out that I played "su-ka-aaa-ha-ti" wrongly on the keyboard. HaHa! Her electronic keyboard got the "Birds" tune, so when I played that, Lassie began barking. So funny and cute! After that, Wendy watched her brother play FF8. HaHa! They have a 'fight'...kinda interesting! Was finding it very funny. Lassie barked at them (Wendy told me Lassie don't like violence! HaHa! Me too!!). Wendy later told me that I am the first outsider to witness them fight, so I should feel kinda honored. HeHe. Ayioh! I tell you hor! My block's lifts is very sucky, compared to Wendy's block lift. Woah...We live on the same floor ma. Her lift can reach there much much faster than my lift...the speed is very fast leh! And the lift's voice is nicer. It is much sweeter than my lift's one. So serious that voice. Ayioh! I am actually jealous of lifts! Oh my god! Okay, next we went to 888 to eat with her mother. Ate chicken rice and drank tea there. I was considering to buy the can of deodarant, almost want to buy, but changed mind in the end, making Wendy kinda exsperated! HaHa! Shopping with me can be very exsperating! Anyway, listened to Wendy's mom talk about life's lessons. Quite an interesting experience. HaHa!   After that, when I came home, I received CQ's sms, asking to wear costume there. I found out that he's borrowing one from Arman. Called Arman...he's checking for my size. Then, I made plans with Hann and Ji to go to Arman's house together. Arman told me he doesn't have my size, but his brother got, so I am going there to try on. Went to Arman's home and tried on several outfits before finally selecting a yellow baju kurong. HaHa. Came back home at around 9, and bathed, and here I am, writing this entry.   I am so excited and nervous! Oh my! Don't think I can sleep, but I need to sleep to make sure I won't yawn tomorrow! I can't yawn in the middle of a performance!! Ahh!!! So nervous!  I am continuing Part II here....it may be short la...ayiah! Who cares? Here it is! I give my warm wishes to our Riverside Choir! Good luck to all of you! May we win a award back, one that we are proud of. But no matter what award, as long as we give our best and more, we should be proud of it!     SYF (Part II) - Kelvin Yip   Dadang dari, Oh my god! Ting ting ting ting, Honorable awards we sought.  What to do? Except sleep early. Wake up with positve thinking, And don't look so surly.  First row, Second row,  Third row.  To applause we bow.  With grim determination, We can do it! With our effort, We can be the lead!  To our choir, Blessed Be. May good luck and success, Ensure thee.   So once again, good luck to all! Bye! Goodnight!   Countdown to SYF: 10 hours and 45 minutes!  
    


	 
      Ayiah....didn't complete homework today as planned! Spent like 4+ hours in Wendy's house, only managed to complete MT, Chem and one of the SS. I have only the SS and history source-based left. Gonna go to her house again tomorrow to do....haha! Her house is quite fun la! And there's Lassie! Cute girl, hor Lassie? HeHe! Today, we discussed a lot of topics...like seeing past the facade emotion of someone. I learnt that when ppl shows anger, they are not angry...it is just to cover up their true feelings. I am gullible, so that's why I suppose I get 'tricked' easily. Ha!! Tomorrow leh, both of her brothers are at home. Can get to meet her third brother at last....HaHa! Hasn't seen him at all.....Ha! I am very freakish, aren't I?  YaY! Everything is finalized! I am officialy in the SYF! Hurray! Hurrah! YaY! And hor...I will be leading the first row up the stage.....and my row is the last row to come up...so feel kinda nervous, like in the spotlight like that. Later I misjudge the position how? Then I end up looking like a silly cat. HaHa! And Miss Choo praised me today! Two times ar!!! One about my smiles and expression, the other about me showing my teeth during singing, which is compulsory to. YaY! I felt like I did an major accomplishment. When I sing the "tinggggg tingggg" part, along the first few lines of Alto 2...I felt myself resonating so wonderfully! I felt so pleased with myself that I smiled extra big, and made the notes go higher. Whopps!! HeHe! And I finally know how to play "la-gu-la-gu-su-ka-ha-ti....su-ka-aaa-ha-ti" (the last part of the altos!) on the piano! YaY! So excited! And nerve-wrecking. HaHa!  Ha! Today only 2 big paras. Too lazy to type everything le! Will type a long blog tomorrow.....yep yep! Right now, presenting another poem! This is dedicated to our choir! Good luck to you on Monday!     SYF (Part I) - Kelvin Yip   Oh great god (or goddess if you like)! SYF is drawing near!  I got in (hurray!)! And there's so much to fear!  Will we get a silver, or a coveted gold? Or just a low COP, that will just turn into mold?  Worrying for myself, And not to mention our soloist, Miss Choo's worried alright, If he got Ba Jun Zhan's gist.  Ohh look at me! Screams Miss Choo. Open your mouth and show your teeth, She hopes we do well too!  Don't be nervous,  Don't forget to smile. Just enjoy the music, And we will win by a mile.   Irama Belia; Empat penjuru. Three Ways; Cu cu ru cu cu.  Ba Jun Zhan; Li Xiang De Jun Ma Yo! If we sing them correctly, Our marks won't be low!   I will continue with Part II tomorrow! See ya all! Goodnight! 
    


	 
      Finally! Finally! This whole mess...this whole thing....has been resolved. All thanks to a particular someone. :D! I owe you big time!  Everything has concluded properly. It ended quickly. I basically told X why......I don't know whether he gets the idea across or not. Who cares?! Right?  I just realized, that this is the first time, I cried because of a broken frienship. Yes.....probably because this is one of the most treasured friendships I had. And silly old me was crying while singing Sarah Brightman. Can you imagine it? Crying and singing at the same time? I am a siao cat.   I am glad this whole thing turned out very well. Can you imagine? 5 days of not talking to X? Sounds pretty torturous if you ask me. Ahhh.....I can get a good night's sleep le. A good good good night sleep. Goodnight. 
    


	 
      I feel like a useless fucked up asshole. I can't even handle simple things!  I messed up this time. Really darn messed up. I started this whole stupid mess. If I hadn't been so angry about it....  I dunnoe......I simply don't know lor! I am to be blamed, but X is not faultless either.   What the fuck. Listening to Sarah over and over again.....trying to soothe myself, I guess.
    


	 
      Ayiah...feeling kinda restless now. Throat's feeling sore...oh die...must maintain in tip-top condition hor! I must go to SYF...Even if I die, my spirit will still go there!  I completed Bio TYS, but there's an addition of homework. We now have Chinese workbook to do! Oh my!!! Oh well, I got 5 peices homework to complete at Wendy's house. Oh well....luckily Wendy. She doesn't have History and she completed her SS worksheet. So, she only got 3 homework to do. Meow Meow! Whatever it is (oh my! the RJC Miss Phua!  Whatever it is, where are my articles ?), we will be playing PS games there...and hopefully not fall alsleep there agian...so pai seh! :P And Yay! I can meet Lassie again! Cute dog!  Me-ow meow!  Hmm..today, I flew into a rage, because of X's idiotic curses. I don't care! I am going to SYF; living, healthy, sick or dead.   Today's EL oral was...erm...dunnoe what to say la. I saw the significance of the coffin...kai guan fa cai (open the coffin and you will get rich). HaHa.....dunnoe la!! I sae Tsung wrote "too tense" in his comments. Ha! Oh well...  Ahh...too busy to post songs today. I make up a poem, okay? It's another haikus agian. And haikus are hard work hor!!    Orals - Kelvin Yip   We meow at orals, Reading, pic descrip, convo, Very nerve-wrecking.    HaHa! Goodnight all! 
    


	 
      Hmm...I am so worried. There's a lot of homework to do! SS and History source-based, Chemistry, Biology TYS and who knows what else tomorrow. Luckily, those that arn due on Monday need not be passed up on Monday, becuase I got SYF (If i look at Miss Choo in the eye on Sat. Wendy says she's only barking (she doesn't bite), but I rather take Choo's words seriously. I care too much about SYF! I don't want to lose it just because of silly non-eye-contact!). Die la!!! Cannot! Must finish by Sunday! Everything....I think I am gonna do my Bio later. Meow Meow!  Been kinda worried for Wendy. She didn't come to school, most probably due to swollen eye or something. I messaged her, but didn't get her message back. Wonder if the M1 has sucky connections again. I do hope she's doing alright. Sigh...and I can't reach her at home....probably she's sleeping, or don't wanna talk or something. Ayiah! Dunnoe la......hope she's coming tomorrow!   Zhang moved on to another chapter today. Woah! So fast! And learnt new vocab.....I find this method quite useful, as I usually sucks at vocab, I can really learn the words this time. Hmm, and he said my reading skill was good (hao! hao!)! YaY! I am beginning to enjoy his lesson, haha! Friendly teacher, he is! Now I know why his students like him so much.  Ayioh! My left palm hurts. Probably sprained or something. Dunnoe why also. Hurts lor. Ayiah.....hopefully it wouldn't be hurtful enough on Monday. And oh yeah ar!! I found a way to counter high-fever! HA! Don't think you can curse me! I just place the thermometer at the tip of my mouth on Monday during temp taking. This way, the temperature would be much much more lower! I found out accidentally when Hann was saying I didn't place my thermometer deep into my mouth enough, so that's why I got readings of 36.1-36.4 for so many days! YAY! HA! Don'[t want me to go to SYF right? Curse me with fever right?! HAHA! I found a counter-curse! And I am going to SYF, like it or not! Lalalalala!   Oh yeah! I remembered today! My neighbour, whom I am quite friendly with, scolded me today! THAT AUNTIE AR!!!! I was singing while walking along the corridor, when she said, "Bu yao chao ke yi ma?! (Don't be so noisy can!)" WOAH! I hate people telling me what to do, and scolding me some more! I sang LOUDER and I kept saying "YAO MING OR! Everybody went out!!!" loudly. And I slammed the door shut 3 times! HA! Don't want me to be noisy right?! Then I will be more noisy! HA! You will learn that nobody ever dictates me to do things, and stop me from doing things I like to do. And those who does shall incur my wrath. Okay...you are probably thinking that I am a spoilt brat. I don't care what you think lor. I am like this one! Take it or leave it!   Oh well. I am posting the lyrics of the theme song for Digimon Tamers. However, although it is sang in Japanese, I am posting the English translation. You can go  urlLink here  to see the Jap lyrics.     The Biggest Dreamer - Wada Kouji   Wanna be the biggest dreamer  Running full speed through the both the future and the present   That's right, I've realized it, I forgot to do my homework  That's one puzzle, puzzle, puzzle, "Who am I?"    Even if I slide and skin my knees  I've gotta stand right back up, I know my chance will run away     Big and bigger, biggest dreamer!  Dreaming is the start of everything, that's the answer   I'll fly farther than anyone, through all the tomorrows   Fly to the horizon, our courage has gained wings  In order to grow big and strong, I'll run too   For a long time I've heard the count down  I'm prepared, let's start now, change into zero!    Big and bigger, biggest dreamer!   We've gotta believe, disappear into the twinkling instand   I'll run, not turning away from my heart's target, with all my strength     Big and bigger, biggest dreamer!  Dreaming is the start of everything, that's the answer   I'll fly farther than anyone, through all the tomorrows    Big and bigger, biggest dreamer!  Dreaming is the start of everything, that's the answer   I'll fly farther than anyone, through all the tomorrows    Big and bigger, biggest dreamer!  Dreaming is the start of everything, that's the answer   Wanna be the biggest dreamer  Running full speed through the both the future and the present    That's all for today. TaTa. 
    


	 
      If you are looking for X's news, I still don't know. Seriously. I am a useless arse. Can't even do well in basic friendship.  Today, I attended Zhang's class. He's a nice teacher...very nice lor. His students (the boys la) like to throw their temper a lot, so today, there was a "show"...with insults flying everywhere. Luckily, Zhang said, "If you don't want to study, then don't. Don't create trouble for those who want (obviously, us)." Oh! I feel so glad that I am at least looked after! He's a nice teacher, but gets angry when he doesn't get the respect from his students. His teaching method is almost like Du's, but place less emphasis on reading the text. We did the vocab today. Hmm, not bad la.  Today, I rushed to study Chem. Seriously lor. Later I have tution, and I don't have time. Let me see...Few People Prefer David Lee's Brain (Fuel, Petroleum, Paraffin, Diesel, Lubricating oil and Bitumen)! Okay...alkenes undergoes hydrogenation (adding of hydrogen to form alkanes), adding of reactive halogens and hydration (add water to form alcohols). And lots lots more. Why does the Bunsen burner burns with yellow flame when airhole is closed? Because it undergoes an incomplete conbustion due to the lack of oxygen. Soot is produced, which burns with a yellow flame. STOP KY! There is no such thing as methene, because there are no 2 carbon atoms to even have a covalent bond with. So, mathane comes form natural gas, which comes from the decay of vegetation. AYIAH! STOP LA! Isomers are different organic compounds with the same molecular formula. Okay Okay, I stop now. But I must tell you that the general formules are CnH2n+2 and CnH2n for alkanes and alkenes respectively. Okay Okay! Stop throwing rotten eggs!  Okay, due to time constraint, I cnanot post lyrics for the song. Even the cats meow. Goodnight! And good luck for the Chem test ar, Kelvin Yip, and so does the rest of you la hor. 
    


	 
      Today, I am not gonna talk about X. I am still confused. Very confused. Me and my confusion!  Ayioh!!! I am so scared! Miss Choo says she's kicking out whoever that doesn't look at her during singing! Ayioh! What if I accidentally made a mistake?!! I am so scared! Oh dear!! AYIOH!!! So worrying!  ~glares darkly~ Pah! We are not going to East Coast after all. WTF! How can they do that to us? AYIOH! Idiotic cats!  Die la die la! Thursday got Chem test, and I haven't studied yet! I don't think I have the time to study tomorrow, because of Maths tuition! You say how?!!! I cannot, absolutely not, get first! I must maintain my position (As I said time and time again, the only people I don't mind losing to or sharing 1st place is Janet, Wendy, Chin Quan and Hann! Ayioh!)! Yes! Competition in Chem is very very intensive! I MUST ABSOLUTELY MAINTAIN MY TOP! and I will try to get 100% this time! I must!  Ayioh.....I just learnt that Hu's students go to Zhang's class, and Du's students go to Huang's class. I felt kinda terrible la. I don't know lor! I saw how much respect (okay, friendly) Zhang's students treated him on the bus today. I was kinda glad, becuase this shows Zhang is a very good teacher, so I need not worry. But what I am worried about is his students (excluding some la! of course!)! I am not very used to them la.....I don't know la! And who can I sit with? AYIOH! Don't know la! See tomorrow's situation la!  Ayioh! Today's an ayioh day! So many ayiohs! AYIOH!  Presenting now a song, much describing X's feelings.....Ha!    Are You Happy Now? - Michelle Branch    Now, don’t just walk away  Pretending everything’s ok And you don’t care about me And I know there’s just no use When all your lies become your truths and I don’t care... yeah, yeah, yeah   Could you look me in the eye  And tell me that you’re happy now,  ohhh, ohhh  Would you tell it to my face or have I been erased,  Are you happy now?  Are you happy now?    You took all there was to take,  And left with an empty plate   And you don’t care about it,  yeah.  And I, I’ve given up this game  I’m leaving you with all the blame cause I don’t care, yeah, yeah yeah,   Could you look me in the eye?  And tell me that you’re happy now , oohh oohhh  Would you tell it to my face or have I been erased,    Are you happy now?  Ohhh, ohhhh  Are you happy now?    Do you have everything you want? You can get up and give everything you`ve got You can’t run away from yourself    Could you look me in the eye?  and tell me that you`re happy now , oohh oohhh  come on tell it to my face or have i been erased,  are you happy now?  Ohhh, ohhhh  are you happy now?    Would you look me in the eye? Could you look me in the eye?  I’ve had that all I can take  And I’m about to break  Cause I’m happy now, ohhh, ohhh Are you happy now?   Okay..goodnight......I wanted to say  good-your-head-night  but I decided against it.....whatever. I am lame. 
    


	 
      Sigh. Well, I did do what I planned. And I didn't enjoy it one bit. I feel like the ultimate scumbag. I hate myself, but what really drives me on is my anger. Yes.... Many times, X talked to me, but I ignored X. Dunnoe what I am doing is right or wrong. Wendy said know when to stop. Many a times, I wanted to stop so badly, but again, my anger held me back. I just want X to realise that what X did was wrong. I deserve more than be treated as shit. I deserve much more! I don't know what I will do tomorrow. Stop or Give Up. I have no idea lor. How I wish X can read this, so X will know. Will X? Or will X not?   Moving on to happier topics, Wendy confirmed that the flowers are cheap...$6 for 10 roses! YaY! We have a new plan...that is sticking to our old pan, but each of us gives 4 roses to 4 juniors. HaHa. And hor! The meddling teachers! We cannot go down the water, cannot rent bikes, and must do all their planned activities. I dont' mind the last one, but the first and second one sucks! I want to rent roller-blades there! I want to go into the water! So terribly unfair. I say, we seniors stay back after the party to do what we like! HA! I am terribly rebellious.  HaHa! While walking home today, thunder roared and lightning flashed. We three (Me, Janet and Gloria) decided to do an experiement. After the lightning flashed, we count the time between the lightning and the thunder, and multiplied it by the speed of sound in air to find out how far the storm is away from us (distance=speedXtime). After that, we saw a lightning flashed across us. I counted till 2, then the thunder came. And it started pouring. Gloria said I am crazy, since the lightning is so near to us, count what distance. However, I found out that the storm is 660m away from us (330X2). HaHa! After that, Janet and I saw the lightning while walking back home, and counted again, this time, lasting till 9. So, the storm is now 2970m away from us. Ohh!! We are so crazy! But we recomend you to try it next time. HaHa.  Oh my! I feel a fever coming on! I must go to choir tomorrow, fever or no fever! I want to get into the SYF! I must! I shall! I want!   Today's song fitted my mood. I shall paste the lyrics here. Enjoy!    End Of The Line - Honeyz     All alone I wait for you As darkness fills this room I don't know why you ain't called Little things you used to do They're no longer part of you Seems you left them all behind  Well I can't believe what I'm going through This thing it just ain't right Your selfish ways How you carry on Somethings you just can't hide   [Chorus]:  If you want me to go Then say it Want me to stay Then show it Don't be afraid Oh don't break this heart of mine Now's the time if I'm right Then we've come to the end of the line     Seems like I can't do you right All I do or say is wrong All the smallest things critisize I deserve some damn respect Nothing more and nothing less  Don't pretend everything's fine Don't hold it back If it's in your heart Stand up and be a man Can't read your mind So I'll just say it loud I'm trying to understand   [Chorus]   Even though you've been doing me wrong I still care  Do you think that by treating me cruel That somehow I'd disappear  Baby I love you to much just to walk away Don't make me hate you  Baby you've got to be straight   [Chorus]    You have seen I highlighted the whole song. I feel every part of it is meaninful....the ones which I made italic are the real message I am trying to convey.....See ya tomorrow then. 
    


	 
      HaHa! I am in a downloading music frenzy. HaHa! I am currently listening to one right now! HaHa! Such a big change from listening to Sarah all day long. Ahhhh!! Meow Meow! 
    


	 
      Today, I didn't publish "this" (refer to yesterday's entry). You are probably thinking  wimp  right? Nope. I was about to, determined to. Somehow, Wendy managed to convince me not to, stating it would show that I lack of a certain maturity doing things if I had done that. HaHa. Frankly speaking, I am very tired of all this! Extremely damn sick and tired of all this! I want it to end! I don't want to suffer anymore. Don't want to. I think, it all depends on X now. What X does will determine the outcome of this whole thing. I am washing my hands off. I am not going to change things anymore. I got sick and tired of doing that already. It's up to X now.   Today was pretty boring. Did the usual of watching TV in the morning, and I have been online since 11am.    Benjamin wants to borrow my Harry potter books. He said he would be coming over, and until now, he hasn't called. I am not gonna bother actually. If he wants my books, he has to come over and get it himself.   If you noticed, I didn't put my usual lyrics for the day. Well, I don't know lor......I should probably go expand my music industry first. Then I know what lyrics to put according to my mood and so on. And one good way to do that is download all the songs Wendy has put in her blog (as lyrics). And I should probably do that now. Meow Meow! 
    


	 
      Today morning, I felt murderous, VERY murderous! Me and Siva have the misfortune of living near Vincent, so we met him on the same bus. Now, he's a terribly annoying little idiot. He kept asking Siva really useless and insulting questions, like "Why is your name Siva?. Okay, he hasn't done anything...YET. But in the interchange, when the BUS arrives, I said, "Oh look! That's the long bus!" He go and tell me, "No! It's a vehicle! It has more than 4 wheels (I wonder who ingrained that idiotic fact into him!)"! I said angrily, "It's a bus! And don't you argue with a Sec 4!" and stomped up the bus. But's that's not all. After coming down from the B-U-S (BUS! People! It's a bus!), he continued bugging Siva about her name. Siva actuaully said in a pissed-off voice, "You stop bugging me and go away!" He actually didn't take the hint and continued annoying us, and almost made us get hit by a car. OHH!!! I feel like strangling him!  Oh yes! Today, I sang rather confidently. HaHa! And I felt I sang the correct notes, I think. Yeah...probably too much singing too much Sarah Brightman boosts my confidence. How strangely special. And today, Bright attempted to try the solo for Ba Jun Zhan....he's quite nice! Yeah, his deep voice really sounds nice. Okay, the best news so far is: They let us deicide where we want to go for graduation party! YaY! Finally!! YaY! Yesh! Now, must work hard to convince the big sheep to go.   I went to Wendy's house to do my homework (and to avoid a particular someone). Finished my SS and EL there, and then played there. I actually slept there, while watching SailorMoon halfway! Oh my!!! LOL! Can't believe myself man! After that, we played DDR...I sucks at the game la.....HaHa! Even with a controller! I am not a DDR-material, noperino! Anyway, her mother brought me a bread from BreadTalk. So nice of her! Thanks auntie! Oh yeah, I felt closer to Lassie....she's a cute dog.....what a cute dog! Good girl, Lassie! :)  Me-ow meow! I dunnoe whether I want to do this or not. Never mind what "this" is. I will see tomorrow's situation with X.....and if tomorrow there's no improvement,  then I will do "this". I am so crazy. Just ignore this para if you don't understand.  Gotta go le. See ya soon guys! Goodnight and sweet dreams! 
    


	 
      Hmm....today's quite a boring day la. Not really boring. Today, we only have to attend EL lessons, for us 4/5ers. Radha didn't come today, so we have 4 periods free. All the 4/5 have finished their orals, so we relaxed in MT lesson. So, technically, we only have to attend EL lesson. I did my EL homework in 2 of Radha's lesson and MT lesson, and played Dai Dee during MT lesson. HaHa. Speaking of MT, I am gonna miss Hu. She's so nice...kinda....but she's a good teacher! Yeah.....I dunnoe where I would end up in whose class....Let's just pray for the best. Anyway, back to the topic. In the last two periods, I went around collecting money for the Pasir Ris Park thingy...for the food lor. Most of them is paying on Monday...sigh.....I hope they pay up...or else it would be hard to explain to the auntie.   Later on, I went to the library to do my homework. I managed to complete A-Maths, and got started on SS. I hope to finish my SS and EL newspaper report by tomorrow. Yeah.   Okay, you know I told you before about me listening to "Time To Say Goodbye" before sleeping right? Well, now, I have a slightly modified habit. I only listened to Sarah Brightman's voice....why? Because I can sing her part. Yeah...very strange one. I can't reach Andrea's low notes. I keep singing along with her....but of course la...dunnoe whether sang correctly or not, but I feel I did. Who cares, really.  As long as I feel I am correct, I am correct.    HaHa...to get a clearer concept of what I am singing, or rather, crooning, to, I pasted Sarah's lyrics here. Meow Meow!    Time To Say Goodbye - Sarah Brightman's Part    Quando sono sola sogno all'orizzonte e mancan le parole, si lo so che non c'Ã¨ luce in una stanza quando manca il sole, se non ci sei tu con me, con me. Su le finestre mostra a tutti il mio cuore che hai accesso, chiudi dentro me la luce che hai incontrato per strada.  Time to say goodbye.     Paesi che non ho mai veduto e vissuto con te, adesso si li vivrÃ². Con te partirÃ² su navi per mari che, io lo so, no, no, non esistono piÃ¹, it's time to say goodbye.     Meow meow! Goodnight! 
    


	 
      Hmm! The photos were out....To tell the truth, I don't really like them. Too many spoilt pictures...oh, some were very okay la.....And i noticed that my legs aren't exactly the desirable leg-shapes...ayioh.....There's nothing like photos to bring out the worst in you. Hmm...tomorrow showing CQ they all.....meow meow!  Ayiah..I don't know what to do after this. Probably read my book. I am always reading. And I love to read.  Me-ow Meow! 
    


	 
      Weee! So exciting! Father's gone to collect my photos! Meow meow!  Okay okay...today's oral topic was quite on the easy side. The newspaper report was on eating too much slimming pills, thus the girl died due to kidney failure. I was very flustered on that topic...didn't really bring out the points I wanted to. But the second topic was much more easier...about how you deal with the failures in life. I was rambling on and on until the examiner said stop. Oh well....I didn't have too much confidence....oh well.   Me-ow meow! I don't know what to say le.....I will update this blog once my father comes back from getting the pics. See ya. 
    


	 
      Hmm......Die la die la!!! Not really, but I am kinda worried for my oral tomorrow! Thes two days' topics are so easy! I am so fearful they are gonna change it for Day 5. Hmm...I spotted an interesting trend. The news topic for both days...Hu Lau Shi mentioned them casually during her lessons..and they actually came up! Oh my! I am so gonna listen to her tomorrow! Well, it may be silly, but there's always a glimmer of hope, right? And yeah...Hu isn't teaching us anymore! Ayioh...now only two classes left...Huang's and Zhang's. I really wish to enter Huang's class. Not that I am insulting Zhang's standard...but I don't want to be in his class because of the students. I am very uncomfortable with them....have some bad experience with them....and they and mine personalities and attitudes doesn't match well. At least there is XC in Huang's class. Can sit near him. Yeah....And I hope me and Hann get in together...so can sit with him.  Of course Wendy....I would love to contribute to the idea of buying white flowers for the entire Alto 2 section. Sounds great...I ask Siva tomorrow during EL lesson. And ask CQ also...wait ar..I call him. Okay, he agreed to. YaY.   Ayioh...the Band 3 people got ice-cream today. That leaves us Band 2 and Band 1 4/5 students ice-creamless (except Arman, the traitor...Just kidding ar...). Well, I was saying the ice-cream is sour and fattening...because to tease Hann with. And also because I am jealous la.......Yeah..Call me jealous. It's just not fair!  Wendy, I owe you a huge apology...I shouldn't have pressed on, reminding you. I felt kinda guilty. But what has happened has happened. I dunnoe what to say....just sorry.  Dunnoe what song to end with today, so I shall present you with XC's poem for CME project. We know what inspired him to create such a beautiful poem, XC hor?    Passion - Ong Xiao Chuan   What is passion? Is it a seven-letter word? Or is it the fire that keeps us going?  What is passion? Is it nothing but a word in the dictionary? Or is it something that cannot be described By one word, phrase or language?  What is passion? Is it something material? Or is it something that cannot be seen?  Passion is like an internal flame Raging within each and everyone of us It is fuelled by interest, just like  Fire is fuelled by wood  Passion burns for eternity Never ceasing, never ending Sometimes weak, sometimes strong, Keeping us going  Lets fuel that fire, With interest and commitment. Lets make that fire rage, And let it burn strong.  Lets sparkle our lives, With fireworks of passion. Let us grow as the  Passion burns within us.   Meowing cats! Wish me luck for my orals! Goodnight!
    


	 
      Meow Meow! Got 3 new prezzies today!   The first one is a big red Slyvester cushion from Hui Min, Amanda, Chin Quan, Wen Qiang and Xiao Chuan! Many thanks to you guys! So big and comfy! Mrs Jalil kept talkignt o me about the cushion. :) I brought it to History class, and she commented, "Afraid of the theft of Slyvester the Cat ar?" I sheepishly said, "No la!". HaHa. And Yit Hann commented that I like red things. My bag is red, the cushion is red, my specs are red! HaHa! Meow Meow!  The second one is a mug with "Happy Birthday" on it, given by Xue Lin, Xue Li and Su Ping! Thanks! I love it! So cute!   The third one is a yellow duck with a bracelet on it. On the bracelet were the words "KEL". This was given by Siva. Thanks a lot! I love the originality of it!   What a big disappointment today. Because the teachers complained of ECP being too far, they decided to move it to Sembawang park! WHAT A LOUSY PARK, compared to EC! Ayioh! What can we do there? There are no bicycles to rent, no nothing! Well, there's water...but it pales in comparison to EC! Why must the teachers come along?!! Ayioh!!! And they better BBQ there ar! Ayiah...I shouldn't be so complaining! At least they are celebrating for us. We should thank them at least, right?  Latest news - I lost my thermometer in the AVA room! Oh my!! I was like about to put it back, then Hui Min and Xiao Xi (Mui Cho) came in. Anxious to collect the Chem worksheets, I rushed out and forgot all about my thermometer. In the end, CQ's sister's friend found it. CQ's sister, Yan Ting, recongized it's mine and gave it to CQ. A million thanks to the three of you! Luckily ar!!!   Not so latest news - The Iranian sisters died due to excessive blood lost just after they have been separated. I don't feel sorry for them, instead, I felt happy for them. They said they want to go under the knife, just to have a chance to be separated, no matter the consequences. But, I believe they must be very happy now. They were finally separated at last. Rest in peace!   Okay, since I am feeling quite party-ish, I am gonna end this entry with one of Pink's songs. Start dancing!    Get The Party Started - Pink   I'm comin' up so you better you better get this party started  I'm comin' up so you better you better get this party started   Get this party started on a Saturday night  Everybody's waitin' for me to arrive  Sendin' out the message to all of my friends  We'll be lookin' flashy in my Mercedes Benz  I got lotsa style, got my gold diamond rings  I can go for miles if you know what I mean I'm comin' up so you better you better get this party started  I'm comin' up so you better you better get this party started   Pumpin up the volume, breakin down' to the beat  Cruisin' through the west side  We'll be checkin' the scene  Boulevard is freakin' as I'm comin' up fast  I'll be burnin' rubber, you'll be kissin' my a** Pull up to the bumper, get out of the car  License plate says Stunner #1 Superstar   I'm comin' up so you better you better get this party started  I'm comin' up so you better you better get this party started  Get this party started  Makin' my connection as I enter the room  Everybody's chillin' as I set up the groove  Pumpin' up the volume with this brand new beat  Everybody's dancin' and their dancin' for me  I'm your operator, you can call anytime  I'll be your connection to the party line   I'm comin' up so you better you better get this party started  I'm comin' up so you better you better get this party started  I'm comin' up so you better you better get this party started  I'm comin' up so you better you better get this party started  Get this party started Get this party started right now Get this party started Get this party started Get this party started right now   Ooo! Goodnight all!
    


	 
      YaY! Today's my birthday! I am gonna give a very detailed account!  I woke up at 7.30..because my parents want to bring my brother to the doctors to get his left foot checked. Anyhow, I ate chee cheong fun for breakfast. They left at 8.15. That means, I am alone for 2 hours. I went online. After checking mail and stuff, it was about 9 to 9.15. I was freakingly bored. I smsed Wendy (hehe..woke her up). Then WQ came online. At 9.30, she hasn't smsed back, so I smsed again...I was worried she couldn't get up on time. At 9.45, I still hasn't received any reply, so I called her. She was awake (phew!) and at 888. Hmm...obviously planning for my surprise but not telling me what. After that, I began searching for gel! Oh my! I can't find the thing! However, while searching for gel, I found a can of deodarant (which I suspect was my father's but I never seen him use it). Being adventurous today. I decided to try it later. Anyway, it took me 15 minutes before I found the bottle of gel.   Okay, at 10.15, I started preparing myself. I dressed up in my polo shirt (free gift from Shell) and jeans. I took a comb and went to the bathroom. First, I wet my hair and combed it the styl I want...I believe it was a right parting....more like center la. Don't care, but it looks nice. I applied gel for 10 minutes or so. Applied once...then came back and applied again and again, fearing the gel wasn't strong enough (HaHa! The bootle said used the gel sparingly!). Then, I used deodarant on myself . I applied it on my neck, face and hands. I am so crazy. The end product was my hairstyle looked totally different and nice, and I smell good. Okay, after fretting about, I finished at 10.30. I then waited for 10.45 to come. I kepy smsing and calling Wendy. I got no replies, so I called her house. HaHa! Reched her at last...she said "yi da qing zhao bei ni fan shi" (in the early morning being annoyed by you)! :P! Okay, at 10.45, I set off.  I reached Admiralty MRT at 10.55. Wendy came later, but when she saw me, she laughed herself crazy. She said my hairstyle looks nice and I actually look good in this hairstyle (blush blush). HeHe! We went to top up her IguanaMobile credits via AXS machine. I tried calling the NewAgeCircle to see whether they are open. We boarded the train at 11.00, and after a few minutes, I was able to confirm that they are open for business (yay!).  En route to Dhoby Ghuat, 11:22 came! Yes! The magic moment! My birthtime! I was officially 16 on 11:22am! I began frantically smsing everyone that I was born! HaHa! Received a flurry of smses....some asked the meaning behind my message....and almost everybody responded. CQ sent me a picture message! So cute! Wendy said I am crazy. HaHa.  Arrived at Dhoby Ghuat Interchange at about 11.35. The NEL part of the station is so cool! Got the sliding thingy...weee! It reminds me of Carrefour's elevators. We took the train towards Harbour Front (I told wendy H.F. was named becuase the place was in front of a habour...I anyhow create one! :P). We alighted at Chinatown station and walked a long way to Exit E. The elevators scenery reminds me of Toa Payoh, but Wendy said it resembles Raffles Place. We came out and there it was! Chinatown Point right in front of us! YaY!   We walked inside and went to New Age Circle. Renee was suprised to see us...and wished me a happy birthday! She mentioned that me and Wendy looked like siblings. Look like meh? No la where got! She said Wendy was the "Sunshine Girl" type and I was the "Bookworm" type! HaHa! Wendy is tanned la, bit like "Sunshine Girl". We shopped around, and I found out that what I wanted (not gonna tell you! Wendy knows though) was out of stock, but I placed an order on it. However, I brought a box for my tarot. YaY! And Wendy placed a reserve on something, using my 20% birthday priveleges dicsount. Yeah, you are welcome, Wendy! After buying our stuff, we went down to MacDonald's to eat a shared (and upsized) meal of Chicken McNuggets meals. HaHa! At the end, we had a competition to see who gobbled the last fries. Ayioh! I slipped and took 2 at the same time, violating the rules, so Wendy claimed victory! We then brought Hamtaro mashmarrows to eat. We set out on our journey back at 1+.  On the train journey back, we discussed a lot of things. Mainly were husband qualities she wanted....I found out she likes being independant from her husband...and her husband must be more successful than her. HaHa! Hope you find your ideal Mr Husband-who-hopefully-hates-kids-and-si-more-successful-than-you! :P :P!   We reached Causeway Point at around 1.35 or so...and went up the library to collect my presents from Shuet Ling. I was feeling damn nervous...probably because I dunnoe what they would say about my hairstyle. HaHa! They didn't say anything at first, but under Wendy's prompt, they said it was nice and different. SL gave me her present (shared by Joyce!) Thanks to both of you! And we left the library to go to Tom And Stephanie to buy Wendy's clothes. I was caught by Wendy, adjusting my hair in the mirror...Been doing that a lot! I feel kinda self-concious all of a sudden. Brought her clothes (she stuffed them in her pouch...woah!) and started making our way to Wendy's house. Yes yes Wendy...your beret looks nice on you...and I am saying the truth.  We reached Wendy's house at 2 something (I brought film!)...and was welcomed by her mother by wishing me a happy birthday! Then, cmae the surprise! Weee! It was a coffee cake! It costs $16 (what a link! $16 cake for a 16th birthday celebration!) What a surprise (even though I suspected all along, it was still a surprise!)! I loved it! Thanks Wendy and Wendy's mom! I loved the cake! We did the usual cake ceremony. I made a wish...cannot tell you, or else it cannot come true! I cut the cake. Wendy divided it into 4 parts...one for me, Wendy, Wendy's mom and Lassie (Wendy's dog). We ate the cake. I get to feed Lassie the cake. I have to make it into small pieces and let Lassie lick from my hands. HaHa! Quite disgusting actually..but fun la and ticklish. Lassie really licks my fingers clean. HaHa! And because I feed her...she keeps following me around! Good girl!  Okay...then we went to Wendy's house. I played the piano and read her books. I took one out to read--The Complete Adventures of Charlie and Mr Wonka. Then we went out to see her mother playing MahJong on PS. HaHa! I don't understand the game...about chi..peng..and all that stuff.   After her mother went out to pay the bills, Wendy switched on the Internet and I went on reading my book. But I found out ar..WQ came online ar! Say what study oral! :P Wendy let me watched two of her FF FMVs. So beautiful, and so nice! I ad-libbed to the Jap words..Wendy laughed and said "I can't believe you do all these!". Later, she improvised along with me! HaHa! She surfed and I read until 5+...Then my brother called and said can't record for me the Bao Zi Dan. Have to watch at Wendy's till 6.30.   Watch watch watch ar.....watch until 6.30...her mother came home and said it's time to eat. And, Wendy gave me the camera (loaded with film inside...we took 14 pics...left 22 pics to take tomorrow)..and we went down together with her mother. Oh yeah, Wendy's brother said my shoes are ugly...ayiah! Where got ugly, Lassie hor? HaHa! Made small talk with Wendy's mother on the way home la.....HaHa! Wendy's mother quite funny. Nice person! Anyway,Wendy ar...if you want free taxi rides, marry a taxi-driver for a husband! You can have free taxi rides for the rest of your lives! :P  Came back home.....after dinner took 2 photos with my first 2 presents! Meow meow! And I am now writing this! What a detailed day! I am gonna end this with what else but...    The Birthday Song  Happy Birthday To Me, Happy Birthday To Me, Happy Birthday To Kelvin Yip, Happy Birthday To Me!    Yay! Happy birthday to me! See ya blog! Goodnight! 
    


	 
      Oh look! Wendy gave me my present! And it is......drum roll.....a handphone keychain! With "Kelvin", a cat and a bell on it! I am hanging it on my phone right now! Wee! What a fun present. I am getting Shuet Ling's present tomorrow. Meow Meow! I wonder what she'll get me!  Meow Meow! I went to the library today with Hann and Wendy. They did their Bio TYS while I read. HaHa! Dunnoe why I go there for! Oh well! So fun! Even we ate fries, wedges and fishes there! And I discovered the magazine racks can be pulled up. Woah.  Tomorrow, only Wendy is celebrating my birthday for me. CQ haven't even touched his homework yet. WQ and YH wants to study for their orals. Oh well! Yeah, you can say I am dissappointed. But I am am gonna have fun tomorrow! Yep, I am! And I am gonna look my best just for the special day. That means styling up my hair. Weee! And maybe, we are gonna take photos! That would be fun! Wee! I can't wait. And oh yes, my official birthday time is on 11:22am tomorrow! So until 11:22, no happy birthdays please! I want to be as accurate as possible! :P  Meow Meow! I dunnoe what song to end today with, so I just write a poem or two la. Here goes:    Pre-Bir thday   Kelvin Yip's brithday, Is gonna be tomorrow, Meow meow meow meow meow!   HaHa! That was a haiku! For more information on haikus, ask me personally. Okay, going off le. Goodnight! And only 13 hours and 32 minutes to 11:22 tomorrow! See ya! 
    


	 
      YaY! I got my first prezzie today! It's a white cat plushie! Given by Janet, Gloria and Hui Ling. Thanks guys! I love the cat! So cute!!! I am naming it Glenda. The name just came to me while I was waiting for the LC to start. It reminds me of Glenda the good witch. Yeah. Meow Meow! And Hann says he's buying me another cat plushie to accompany Glenda. Oooo!  Oh yeah, speaking of LC ~glares darkly at whoever sets the paper~. It was horrible. It was sucky. It was idiotic. I am angry at myself actually. I didn't listen and comprehend clearly. I failed as a candidate. 'Nuff said.   Today, I rushed trhough my homework. I completed Bio TYS while accompanying Janet teaching Fong Wee (I even taught him about alcohols, carboxylic acids and metals for Chem). Coming back home, I did the MP thingy for CME. Then, I finished Chem TYS. After that, I completed History and SS worksheets (lukcily only worksheets!). Now, the only thing left is the CME project on RSS values. I have two choices....poem or journal. I'll have to decide and complete it tomorrow. Oh well.   Sigh. Oh well. I think I shall end this with a Jap song. It's the theme for the Jap Drama H.E.R.O. Enjoy.    Can You Keep A Secret? - Utada Hikaru   Chikazukitai yo kimi no risou ni Otonashiku narenai can you keep a secret?  * Hit it off like this, hit if off like this, oh baby  [Repeat * , * , *]  Koko kara zutto okutteru angou wo Kimi wa mada kaidoku dekitenai  Tsutaeyou yameyou Konomama kakusou Nigekirenakunaru made Shinjiyou dame da yo Mada utagaesou da mono  ** Chikazukitai yo kimi no risou ni Otonashiku narenai can you keep a secret? Kanashikunai yo kimi ga iru kara Can you keep a secret? can you keep a secret? Chikazukenai yo kimi no risou ni Sugu ni wa kawarenai can you keep a secret? Kanashikunaru to kimi wo yobu kara Can you keep a secret? or konomama secret?  [Repeat * , * , * ,*]  Soba ni itemo toomawashi na hyougen sagashiteru Meikyuu irisasetakunainara won't you come on?  Kasuka na monooto Ottekuru movin' shadow Furikirenakunaru kage Sukoshi no bouken to Kizutsuku yuuki mo aru desho  [Repeat **]  Ato ni wa modorenai can you keep a secret? Oshaberi janai to shoumei shite yo Can you keep a secret? or konomama secret?  Ima made zutto himitsu ni shiteta Dare nimo iwanaide can you keep a secret? Kanashikunai yo kimi ga iru kara Can you keep a secret? can you keep a secret? Kizutsukenai to yakusoku shitemo Dare nimo wakaranai can you keep a secret? Kanashikunai yo kimi ga iru kara Can you keep a secret? or konomama secret?  Can you keep a secret? Can you keep a secret? can you keep a secret? Can you keep a secret? Can you keep a secret? can you keep a secret? Can you keep a secret?    Goodnight all! And psst, only 2 days to my birthday! Wee! 
    


	 
      HaHa! Meow Meow!  I shall start on the update on the "Xiao Xi-Mui Cho" episode. Yit Hann came up with several theories. But I loved his last theory. It's the funniest. His theory was: Xiao Xi did not remember her past because Mui Cho fell down the stairs and damaged her cerebrum while trying to escape from prison. HAHAHA! So funny!   Okay. For the main topic of today, I shall elaborate on my weirdness. not really my freakiness. Just something which I discovered of myself. I tend to see things which I am not supposed to see. No No! Not ghosts....Let me explain. It started off with one incident. I was at a bus stop, waiting for 913 to come. That bus-stop have several buses stopping there. Anyway, one bus came. I clearly saw the numbers 913 on it. I boarded that bus. Then, the bus DID not go the usual 913 way. I got scared. I alighted at the next stop. Then, I saw the bus number. It was 954! Can you believe it? I saw 954 as 913? Another freaky thring. It happened on Wednesday afternoon, while I was eating my lunch. I looked up to take a breather and glanced towards the Indian drink stall. The plastic case was full of soya bean drink. I went back to eat. A few minutes later, I looked up. The plastic case became less than 1/3 full! I was surpirsed and shocked! They couldn't sell out so fast, not within the space of 1-2 minutes! I was quite scared of myself, frankly speaking. Siva said I am imaginging things. Wendy said that was my special ability. I dunnoe. Is this thingy good for me? I don't even know why I am seeing things. What exactly is the purpose of my "ability"? I dunnoe. But...I am quite excited la, to tell the truth. Call me a weirdo. I was initially scared la, (and still is) but I think this "ability" is cool. At least...not many people have that right? HeHeHe.   Okay, moving on. It happened recently. WQ asked me to  GUESS  again! I merely asked him how he can squeeze 84MB worth of songs into a 15MB storage space. And you know what he said?  GUESS!   I loathe, hate, dislike the word GUESS. HELLO! IF I AM SO GOOD AT GUESSING, WHY AM I EVEN ASKING QUESTIONS IN THE FIRST PLACE? BECAUSE I HAVE ABSOLUTELY NO CLUE ABOUT THE ANSWER! HOW AM I SUPPOSED TO GUESS?! USE YOUR BRAIN!  Okay, releasing anger over. And he keeps insulting my intelligence, comparing to his. I know, some people have very good GK. Some people knows  EXACTLY  where each and every one shpping center is located. Some people knows a lot about internet. Please remember that somebody doesn't. What I don't know doesn't make me stupid. I don't know because I haven't read about it, or is interested in it (Why should I be interested in the location of shopping centers which I don't even go to?). Remember that when you start to insult people on their lack of GK, and other things as well. Teach them, not insult them.   I do hope WQ gets the message loud and clear. Anyway, to conclude today, I shall now present you the theme song from Smallville!    Remy Zero - Save Me    I feel my wings have broken in your hands I feel the words unspoken inside And they pull you under... And I would give you anything you want, but no.  You were all I wanted  And all my dreams are falling down... Crawlin' around, and around...   Somebody save me! Let your warm hands break right through Somebody save me! I don't care how you do it Just stay! Stay, c'mon, I've been waiting for you   I see the world has folded in your heart I feel the waves crash down inside And they pull me under... And I would give you anything you want, but no  You were all I wanted...  And all my dreams are falling down Crawlin' around, and around...   Somebody save me! Let your warm hands break right through Somebody save me! I don't care how you do it... Just stay... Stay, c'mon, I've been waiting for you   And all my dreams are on the ground Crawlin' around, and around...  Somebody save me! Let your warm hands break right through me Somebody save me! I don't care how you do it Just stay... with me... I made this whole world shine for you Just stay! Just stay, c'mon... I'm still waiting for you       Goodnight! 
    


	 
      Today was funny!  Yit Hann brought his book along. It was about a local murder that took places years ago, involving a charlatan bomoh murdering kids for sacrifices. Anyway, they showed us the pictures of the guilty ones. One of them is the bomoh's wife, Tan Mui Cho. Yit Hann pointed to us she looks like Xiao Xi. And for the whole day, YH keeps calling XX "Mui Cho!". AFter recess. YH showed XX the photo. We all were laughing. YH said, "You are Tan Mui Cho right?! You changed your name right? I am going to tell the teachers, the principals. Call the police to come and catch you!" By then, I was laughing very hard. Then, he went to XX';s table, peered down and said, "You still dare to call yourself Baby Melon!" When he said that, I was doubling over with laughter. I was laughing so hard! And I saw Wendy doing the same thing too. Soon, I laughed until I actually cried. Oh my god! Yeah! Can you believe it? Yit Hann has that kind of effect on people. He's so naturally funny! He can make you laugh until you cry (Wendy also! She laughed until she cried!)! Boy, I am gonna miss him and his jokes next year! He's such a funny cat!  Meow Meow! Oh yes! We were informed that for our choir graduation, the choir is celebrating for us at East Coast Park. They are gonna organise a BBQ there! YaY! Now, I can do things I never did last time. Like renting roller blades. Like swimming in the sea. I am like so totally excited about it! YaY! And BBQ too! I never been to a BBQ before. Seriously! I am so totally gonna stay there till nighttime! Wee-hee! But, do you know? They were planning to give the Sec 4s jewelry! Apparently, they didn't know that there are 2 Sec 4 male members! Until CQ's sister told them. CQ were like laughing about this. I ar...was shocked lor! 3 years! They really have no clue about our existence? ~shakes head~ tsk tsk tsk. But whatever! They are planning this BBQ for us! That's real nice of them!  Me-ow Meow! I think I better end this le. Nothing to write le. So, I shall end this with a song from FFIX. Enjoy!    Melodies of Life - Emiko Shiratori   Alone for a while I've been searching through the dark, For traces of the the love you left inside my lonely heart. To weave while picking up The pieces that remain -  Melodies of Life, Love's lost refrain.  Our paths they did cross, though I cannot says just why. We met we laughed, we held on fast and then we said goodbye. And who'll hear the echoes Of stories never told? Let them ring out loud 'Till they unfold   In my dearest memories I see you reaching out to me Though you're gone -  I still believe that you can call Out my name;   A voice from the past - Joining yours and mine, Adding up the layers of harmony. And so it goes on and on Melodies of Life To the sky beyond the flying birds -  Forever and beyond.   So far and away, see the bird as it flies by Gliding through the shadows of the clouds up in the sky. I've laid my memories And dreams upon those wings, Leave them now, and see what Tomorrow brings.   In your dearest memories Do you remember loving me? Was it fate.. That brought us close and now leaves Me behind?   A voice from the past - Joining yours and mine, Adding up the layers of harmony. And so it goes on and on Melodies of Life To the sky beyond the flying birds - Forever and on  If I should leave This lonely world behind, Your voice will still remember our melody. Now I know we'll carry on Melodies of Life Come circle round and grow deep in our hearts  As long as we remember    Goodnight all! Meow Meow!
    


	 
      Okay, this is gonna be another quickie. I just got off from tuition and I need to go watch Bao Zi Dan later!   I shall comment on the possibility of Mrs Tan, our principal, teaching us Biology. She is certified to, according to Mrs Chua, she posesses a Honors in Biology. Woah! I am quite excited about this thingy! It's a rare chance a principal is teaching us. I hope she does. That way, we can get to know her more and see her 'teacher' side. It would be exciting. But I can imagine, everyone would be too scared to answer questions. After all, she's the principal. But I think Yit Hann wouldn't la. And neither would I. We love answering questions (if we know the answer, of course!). Oooo! I hope she does teach us! That would be so ultra cool!  Ayioh! For these two days, I am rushing to blog (and it is 9.40..I better hurry up). I can't don't blog...not even for a day! Seriously! I'll suffer from blog-withdrawal. I hope the next few days I would not be so rushing to blog. I hope I can be more relaxed when blogging tomorrow (9.42 le!!!).   Okay, because of the lack of time (9.43!!), I will not be doing lyrics for today. I give you all a short hiatus from reading lyrics. But rest assured. Tomorrow I shall post lyrics again, provided I do not rush, which means hopefully there will be no homework given that would require us to pass up on Friday.   Okay, bye bye all! (Oh yes! Remind me to talk about Choir's graduation party for us At East Coast Park in tomorrow's blog! Got loads to talk about! Die Die! 9.46 le!)
    


	 
      I came online for a quickie. Holland Vilalge is showing, and I have to make this fast.  I brought presents for HuiMin and Wan Xin today. Both of them are bears. Yeah. But what's more surprising is that I brought a present for WX. We are not really that close, we used to be "enemies". But, Wendy told me WX has changed her attitude towards me. I was happy la. So, I think that's why I brought her a gift, together with HuiMin and Xiao Chuan. HuiMin received a present from me and XC too. HaHa!   Today, on Wendy's MD player, I heard a song. I heard this from Smallville, and liked it very much. So, I am posting  Graduation  from  Vitamin C  as lyrics today. I dedicate this to all my friends! I will remember you always!    Graduation Song - Vitamin C   And so we talked all night about the rest of our lives Where we're gonna be when we turn 25 I keep thinking times will never change Keep on thinking things will always be the same But when we leave this year we won't be coming back No more hanging out cause we're on a different track  And if you got something that you need to say You better say it right now cause you don't have another day  Cause we're moving on and we can't slow down These memories are playing like a film without sound And I keep thinking of the night in June I Didn't know much of love, but it came too soon And There was me and you, and then it got real blue Stay at home talkin' on the telephone and We would get so excited, we'd get so scared Laughing at our selves thinking life's not fair And this is how it feels  Chorus:  As we go on, we remember All the times we had together And as our lives change, from whatever We will still be, friends forever   So if we get the big jobs and we make the big money When we look back now, will that joke still be funny? Will we still remember everything we learned in school? Still be trying to break every single rule Will little brainy Bobby be the stockbroker man? Can Heather find a job that won't interfere with her tan? I keep, I keep thinking that it's not goodbye Keep on thinking it's a time to fly And this is how it feels  *Repeat chorus*  La, la, la, la; yeah, yeah, yeah La, la, la, la,  we will still be friends forever   Will we think about tomorrow like we think about now? Can we survive it out there? Can we make it somehow? I guess I thought that this would never end And suddenly it's like we're women and men Will the past be a shadow that will follow us round? Will these memories fade when I leave this town  I keep, I keep thinking that it's not goodbye  Keep on thinking it's a time to fly  *Repeat chorus 3x*   Goodnight everyone! Off to watch Holland Village and do Bio homework! 
    


	 
      Oh hey! I just came back from typing out my testimonial. I was planning to write it, but decided to type it because I am able to write longer if I type it out. Yeah! Haha!  I woke up at 8.35 today...and bathed. I watched some cartoons in the morning  and went online after 11. I ate lunch at 12 and went to Wendy's house at 1.  I managed to complete my EL compre there. We talked quite a lot of topics, like friendship, graduation, life after O Levels. HaHa! I am quite excited about life after Os. What will I do? Hmm....Ha! We also discussed Prom Nite(a little). It was always interesting to go to Wendy's house and chat with her. Sometimes, I learnt quite a number of life lessons just by talking to her. HaHa! Oh yes...Lassie stinks badly. And Wendy had just bathed Lassie.   Went to eat dinner at 5.30. I ate some chicken rice and brought back chicken rice for my brother. I conversed with Wendy's mom in Cantonese today. It was quite weird...hahaha! Talking to your friend's mother in Cantonese, a language where your friend don't even understand. I asked Wendy if she felt weird or anything. Surprisingly, she said no. She just minded her own business. Hmmm.   Came back home, bathed and started on my testimonial writing. Oh boy! It was hard work. I have to refer here and there for dates and activities and helping words. Ah! But finally! I did it! A 800+ words long essay! I am proud of it! HaHa! I printed it out.  Okay, today's entry might be short. I am kinda tired from all those typing. So, see ya tomorrow! Bye bye blog! Goodnight! 
    


	 
      Hey hey! Today we have Physics class, starting at 9.45. so, me and CQ decided to meet at 9.45. I woek up at 8, bathed, ate breakfast and ran out of the house to meet CQ.  CQ and I talked a lot of things. One of the things he told me was that WQ said that it's better we are not talking, otherwise we would not quarrel. He's tired of querrelling with me. I was like...numb lor. I don't know what to say, or think. I don't even want to think. Wendy says it's good this way. At least he isn't angry anymore. It's good if you look at it that way. Hmmm...I dunnoe lor. I don't want to comment liao la.  Today's Physics was quite fun. HaHa! At least the experiments were easy. After Physics, we did the choosing of the mortals. Okay...at first I got X, a mortal whom I am pleased to have. Then, we chose again after everyone called for a re-choosing. I got Y. Then, there's another round of rechoosing. I got X back. Okay..I can reveal Y now. Y is Clarissa. YaY! I know what to give X.....I already thought of the Grand Finale (the 4th prezzie). HaHa!   We went to MacDonald's to do our homework (me and Wendy). We met up with Venjamin and his friend, WeiJian. I completed Bio TYS there, and decided to complete EL compre at Wendy's tomorrow. I didn't talk much to those two, but I find them quite nice and funny.   Anyway, a very perculiar thing happened. These things happen to me everytime one leh!! You see ar, Wendy's phone ran out of batt, so I lent her my phone to place her SIM card inside (so her mom could call). I transferred my SIM card out of the phone. After a while, I decided to put it inot Wendy's phone. And I can't find it!! Oh my god! I lost my SIM card! I am gonna get trashed by mom! I began searching for it....everywhere! Soon, everyone searched with me. HaHa! And oh...I also found a $1 coin (Ven said the sim card got turned into the coin!!). I want nothing to do with it, it reminds me of painful memeories, so I gave it to Wendy. I searched Wendy's bio book (since it was near me when I took my SIM card out), the table, every inch of the surrounding floor of our table. I even crawled down to search closely. Ha! After 30 minutes, I began panicking. I still couldn't find it! Then, I had an idea. I took Wendy's SIM card and began experimenting how far the card can fly. I flicked it to my right....I dropped it down from both ends of the chair. I even banged my head of the table while reaching for the card. Oww! Wendy told me later I am an embarassment. Hoei! Where got?! I left the place dejectedly...I am so gonna get killed.   Wendy and I walked around Causeway Point. I badly wanted to spend my $7 on a book. Wendy said she would not allow me to do such things. In the end, I didn't buy, because she don't like me buying it. I don't want to buy something which my friend will not gonna like. Hey! After all, I respect my friend's wishes. Ha! We walked around...and decided it was time to go home.  On the bus, I decided to search my bag again for a final ditch effort. And I found it!! It was in my bag all the time! Oh boy! I felt so silly for making such a fuss! I said, "Oh! Ohhh!!!" loudly when I found the card. The people in front stopped talking (in dialect) and looked at me.. I put back the SIM card into the phone...and it worked! I shouted "YaY!" They turned back again! I don't care! I called Wendy's mom to tell her the news. She asked me questions about Ven and WeiJian. I think I got Wendy into trouble. This whole episode made me realise how important my phone is. It acts as a form of communication between my friends and I, as an important alarm clock and as a reminder thingy! I will be totally lost with it. I won't be able to remind myself of show times (Friends, Charmed, Sabrina....), I won't be able to wake myself out (why....I used it to wake me up on the bus today...), I won't be able to sms my friends! Ahh! The important use of my phone! I appreciate it more!  I went home, bathed, ate, watched Simpsons and recorded Yu-Gi-Oh and came online! Ahh! I think I am logging off right now! See ya tomorrow! Bye bye! Goodnight blog!
    


	 
      Hey hey! Today tons of stuff happened! Today is Teachers' Day!! Woo-hoo!  Firstly, we started off today with busy preparation of gifts for the teachers in the morning. They were rushing here and there, writing notes, wrapping them. Then, we went up to prepare for the run. There, we did our big confession of who's who angel and mortal! My angel is Hann! My guess was correct! HaHa! Then, came the uber lame run. Actually, it's not a run. It's a big walk around the 2.4km route. We cheered our teachers and friends as they ran past us That's all. We walked and walked. Boring. Okay la....we had some fun here and there, but mainly it was Hann who made jokes (like calling SL "XiaoWan! XiaoWan!").   We went back at around 8.45, where CQ and I changed out of the PE attire and into the class t. Then, we lined out and went into the hall to watch the performance. Most of it sucks. Some awful singers, some awful dancing. I only like the music. I fell alsleep at the band performing. The only exciting thing is the percussionist using ordinary objects to play music, the teachers' skit and the awards. Yeah....   After the performance, we became very busy giving out our gifts to the teachers. I became real fustrated when few of them are out. so, I decided to storm the teachers' office and give out cards manually. It worked! HaHa! Mrs Chew had a crowd gathered around her, everybody was very friendly.   After giving out gifts, I went to the canteen to attend a celebration for our Chinese teachers. We invited Mr Du and Mr Zhang for celebrate with us...they cut the cake and everything. We posed photos with them and stuff like that! How cool! Then, XC persuaded me to go watch Spy Kids 3 with him. Huimin and Amanda came along too! Coolies!  We decided to go eat at KFC first. I only ate mashed potatoes....because that's the only thing I can eat. However, Michelle's "Are You Happy Now" came up in the radio playing in KFC! Woo-hoo! Me and Manda went crazy...because we love that song! We sang along! After that, we (Me, XC, HuiMin and Amanda) went around to kill time. Amanda decided to buy blue roses for Wendy in Causeway, but the blue roses were too unevely dyed and ugly. We went to the MRT at around 1.40+, where we met MeiLeng, Jessica and Kenny.   Upon reaching Yishun, we went into NTUC Fairprice. then we went out and went into Northpoint. Me and Amanda decide to buy roses for Wendy, who's coming. We can't find blue roses at Cold Storage, and decided to venture out into the shophouses. After walking a long stretch of road, we can't find any florists. How sucky! We ran back to get a bouquet of roses from Cold Storage. And ran to the GV to give the flowers to Wendy. Her eyes brightened up a little, and she tried to smile. I guess she's too tired. And sad too....yeah. I got a fleeting feeling it's about someone. Yeah. Later, Wendy told me she appreciated the flowers a lot. That's great! :)  Anyway, we watched the Spy Kids3. The plot was terribly dissappointing. You see, there was this big buildup about the characters fighting Toymkaer in Level 5 of the game. BUT! In the end, they exited the game without any final showdown (oh...it came later...but it's was rahter lame).. How dissappointing! The 3D effects was okay....it felt 3D and all. But my glasses were blurry. Overall, I rated the move at 2.5/5 for dissappointing me.  Something miraculous happened. While watching the movie, my handphone rang because of messages coming in. That's weird. My hp died out of low battery long long ago! I couldn't switch it on. and there it was! All switched on and ringing! Very weird. I switched it off. And I can't on it later! No matter how much I tried. All 4 of us think it's weird.....I think radiation from the movie switched it on. Or something from above did it. ~Shrug~ Who knows?  After that, we went back to Causeway Point. We watched XC eat duck rice, while i completed the June Paper in my Bio TYS. Then, we went to take Neoprints. We chose a machine that showed us pictures. We were taking pcitures normally when a pictures of a horrible ghost appeared. We were shocked and the machine captured our faces! Then, we went out to decorate the pictures. We spent too much time on the first 2 photos, and neglected the last two. In the end, the last pic has only a flower and 4 of us with grey walls behind us! HaHa! Quite ugly! You should see it.  I reached home, bathed, ate dinner, watched Holland V and taped Sabrina and came online. Okay...today, WQ logged into his EastCiti account. I panicked and asked Wendy what I should do. Is WQ hinting me something? Is he giving me the chance to talk to him? I don't know whether I should talk or not. I don't know, actually. I wanted to, but I can't. I think it's because I feared rejection. Yeah. And I feared of the same situation happening later on. I don't want a repeat! While I am deciding, he went offline. Oh well. Can't blame him though. You know, he's actually became friendlier towards me. Can really tell lor. Except he always ask CQ to ask me questions, even though I am standing right in front of him. Hmmm....I wish he can ask me directly. It would make my day, it really would. I always answer before CQ gets a chance to ask. HaHa. I changed me MSN nick to "Could you look me in the eye? And tell me are you happy now?". It's a line from "Are you Happy Now". That song has always been a special significance to me. That's why I love it so much. You can say I am hinting. Maybe.   My eyes are getting damn tired. It's watery. I think it's a sign that I should stop. Yeah. Goodnight bog! See ya tomorrow!
    


	 
      Heya! Such a late blog. Yeah! I was working on the Teachers' Day gifts for the teachers. Wanna know what it is? I tell ya. It's cards. Personalized cards.  Basically, the front and the back is the same thing, but in between is personalized. The right flap has pictures pertaining to the teacher's subject. Okay, that's not so petrsonalized if there are more than one teacher for a subject. What's even more personalized is the message on the left. Yep! Each and every one is different. Lets see. I gave cards to: Mrs Chew, Chrs Chua, Mrs Jalil, Miss Tan, Mr Sani, Mdm Oh, Mr Zhang, Mr Du, Mr Radha, Mrs Thong and Mr Tsung.   Ahhh....I did rather badly for the SS mock exam! Not really badly, but not up to my usual standards. I freaked out while looking at the SEQ questions and went on to the SBQ first. I took a very long time for the SBQ...namely more than 40 minutes. It was quite well-done...'cept for the last qns. Ha! Rushed through that one. Then, I looked over at thw SEQ, and kicked myself. Why? Turns out that I know the question after all. I did the Japan Industrial slowdown questions. I rushed through everything, not sure if I explained properly or not. It was quite terrible. I felt I would have done better if give more time. However, I am quite prooud of my answer. At least I made a balance in the (b) question. Ha. I think I will do well, but not quite well. I am expecting 35-40. Worst case having 30. Yeah....  At EL lesson, I almost slept. I keep nodding off, then waking up with a start. And the whole cycle repeats. We got a list of spelling words. Whoppee! Spelling. Haven't had that for a very long time. I am weird, huh. Wishing for spelling. Ha!  Oh guess what? I got my present from my Angel today! Ahh! It was slipped into the compartment where I placed my hole-puncher. I didn't noticed until in the bus, where I felt something weird. I pulled it out...and there I go. A prezzie! And everyone was surprised! There's a note attrached, saying, "Heaven told me you have a fever. Get well soon!". And inside it is a carribeana. Attached to it is a message that said "I love my cat". The present is so cute! I love it! I must thank the angel tomorrow. Oh...they are revealing angels tomorrow! Can't wait!   Okay, know what? I think I am stopping. I got a big big headache....I think I am gonna go sleep. See ya! Bye bye!
    


	 
      Hey! You know what? This is gonna be a very short blog. Tution's just ended, Charmed's about to start showing. I just capture today in brief:  -->Me and Hann are not talking due to our previous argument. See blog entries below. -->Neither is me and WQ -->There's a EL Mock Exam tomorrow -->In MT lesson tomorrow, I am taking the SS Mock Exam -->I went to the doctor this afternoon, effectively skipping E-Maths Mock Exams.  -->I didn't eat during recess -->I siad I would write this. Wendy screamed at me yesterday on the phone, 'KELVIN! WHAT ARE YOU DOING ONLINE? YOU SHOULD BE OFFLINE RESTING!" or something like that. Something like that. -->Someone, I dunnoe who, also likes snow-skin durian mooncake!   Gotta go now. Bye bye. 
    


	 
      Hey! Why I haven't been online? Okay okay. You have heard it so many times. I am sick...AGAIN! I hate it!!  Yesterday morning (dunnoe-what-time am), I woke up, I felt terribly cold. That's not a good sign. I only get this cold when I am running a fever. And my head feels warm. I ignored it. Later, my mother woke me up and mademe take my temperature. The thermometer shows: 39.9! OH MY GOD! That's very very high! I almost felt like fainting.  Then, mom did all sorts of things to cool my body down, like washing face constantly with ice-water. Then, they considered sending me to hospital. I am stuck. Okay, hospital is more efficient, and I have been whining about sending me to the hospital somedays ago. But! I watched the Good Morning Singapore show, and the acting Minister of Health said, "I don't care whether it is Vancouver ducks or Canadian ducks, we are treating the flu virus in Canada as SARS", which means that anyone who has high fever and is coughing is most likely treated as "potential SARS victim" and be isolated and denied of any visitors. I DO NOT HAVE SARS! I hate NOT having visitors. I smsed Wendy, she advised me to go "You want your brain damaged? I think you better G". My mom later said that we visit our doctor first, before deciding to go hospital or not.  Slept for a while, then woke up to eat breakfast. Father came back to fetch me to the doctor. At the clinic, I was basically being shunned. Not really. I keep coughing and coughing (that means I have something to vomit, but I don't want to vomit. I hate squat toilets and I don't want to vomit in a grass patch where everyone can see me). The back row seats were empty, except for me and mom. The front row were filled. HaHa! Good. I can stretch out my legs and sleep. After a prolonged period of waiting, it's my turn. The doctor told me becuase I ate porridge yesterday, the virus striked back. I am not supposed to eat rice-based food. And he didn't send me to the hospital. Good. When I came out, I had a fit. My coughing turned violent. This time, everyone looked at me. I ran towards the grass patch behind my father's taxi (far from everyone's prying eyes) and vomited my phelgm out. Ahhh. Felt so much better.   After the visit, we went to Ang Mo Kio. Mom wants to replace some parts of an appliance. After failing at different locations of AMK, we decided to go back home. In the end, I did. The parents went to Woodlands Central to get a new appliance instead. I ate, watched TV, and slept.  At 5.15, my alarm woke me up. It's time to watch Sabrina! Yeah. See. I told you I am a Sabrina freak. I watch it whether I am sick or not. XC called, and told me a lot of stuff. O.o Then I called Wendy. She told me about a lot of things, like everybody knew I was about to go to the hospital and all. And she called after SS exam, to see whether I am in hospital or not. I was sleeping. Quite a number of people said a lot of things. They were discussing it would be funny if I would to go to the hospital and all that. Ha! I wonder what would happen to me in the hospital. Then, I went to bath, and ate macroni and talked to Wendy some more. After that, we hanged up to watch Holland V.   Then, I watched the Jack Neo show (where they talked about maids...haha....so funny) and came online while printing stuff for brtoher. Wendy screamed at me "CQ just left. Anyway...WHAT ARE YOU DOING ONLINE? YOU ARE SUPPOSED TO BE RESTING!". HaHaHa! Yeah la, I know ni wei wo hao la. After printing, I went offline to watch the Channel 8 show, then Friends. Then, I heard Chistopher Reeve (the one who snaped his back while playing Superman in the movie) guest appears, so I watched. Then, I went to sleep on the floor of my parents' bedroom again.   And here I am. Feverless. I hope. I said I am gonna discuss the WQ issue right? Yeah. You see ar. I thought of giving up, leaving it to fate. I already had enough of this cycle of "fighting-patching up". I thought it was fate that we were umcompatible. Besides, when I learnt he canceled me out of his "close friends" list and blocked me in his MSN, I felt kinda numb about it already. I don't really care that much. Wendy, however, would have none of it. She said that I cannot leave it to fate. I must fight for that hope. I told her "Isn't that pointless? It is clear that the other party would have nothing to do with me anymore...so why hang onto him. That prevents me from moving on." She said, "You can choose to ignore it. But you mustn't lose that hope" and she gave a well-proven example. Yeah. She also said if I leave this to fate, I would dissappoint her, like someone did. I mustn't leave this to fate. And you know what? I won't. I may or may not take action, but I will still hope. And hope. And hope. Yeah.   I gotta go eat lunch le. See ya later. Bye! 
    


	 
      Well well well. I thought I won't be blogging tonight, but since there's time after "What Women Want", I guess I come online and blog for a while. Okay, regulars first. FFIX update. I completed Disc 2! Whoo-hoo! I got Armarant in my team, saw the cut-offed FMVs (which I am downloading for my viewing pleasure), the death of Brahne... Yeah. Disc 2 completed. Moving on to Disc 3!!   Okay. I originally planned to discuss about the WQ issue today, but due to time constraints and serious headaches, I decided to push it to tomorrow.   So therefore, I am blogging off now. Yes yes, I know. A very short and dissappointing blog. But remember, I am having a major headache. So there. Bye blog! Night!
    


	 
      Okay. You would have noticed my 2-days leave from my blog. Why is that so? Is KY away? Is KY's internet been cut off again? Well. No. The truth is: KY's been sick. When i say sick, I mean major sick. As in 39 degrees fever sick.  Yeah. For 2 long days, I have been running a constantly high fever. It started on Thursday morning. During SR, I felt a very serious headache. I felt my forehead and realised that I am running a fever. I excused myself from PE. At Chem, I did Practical with Hann (why doesn't people listen to me until they see for themselves how wrong they are? sheez! Advised him to do this, he ignored me and said I don't know what I am doing. And then, after his experiment failed, he finally heed my advice. Stubborn people! And made me so annoyed and increased my headache level!), then fell asleep at the Chem Theory lesson. Surprisingly, Mrs Chew let me sleep and didn't bother me. She knew I am sick and advised me to go home.  I finally heed her advice and called my mom. Slept at the Sick Bay till Mom arrived. By then, I was feeling very weak. At home, when I took my temperature, the reading showed 39.1. Oh my! We went to a private clinic (my family doctor is not available on Thursday), and I became very very cranky due to the need of sleep (Sick patients get cranky easily). My head hurts so much too. Coming back home, I fell asleep immediately.   I woke up at 5.15 for another round of medicine drinking. After that, watched Sabrina (called Wendy to watch, because the episode features Daniel Bedingfield), then ate dinner. After that, watched Holland V and went to sleep.  In the morning, I woke up with a terrible headache. When I tried to walk, I can't walk straight. Everything's very blurish. I felt very weak and lethargic and my body feels so heavy. I took my temperature and found out that it is 39.5 degrees! Oh my god! After breakfast, parents brought me to the family doctor, who informed me that my body's burning (also smsed Wendy teling her how scared I was and all that stuff about enzymes denaturing and me dying. She replied back with "Don't be stupid. You'll be fine. That's a relief, sort of). After that, ate kueh chap for lunch and went back home.   Let me sidetrack a little. I can't believe how cool my father's new taxi is! It's very yellow and bright, being a new taxi and all. It's much bigger than before! The driver has many more controls. For example, he can lock/open the door with a simple push of a button. And whenever he locks/opens his front door with his keys, the other 3 doors will follow suit. How convenient. The front passenger seat is bigger and has more space. YaY! Anyway, there's one stupid feature which I hate. There is this "lighter" to light cigarettes. Just push a button, take out something, put the cigarette onto some glowing metal spiral and viola, cigarette is lit. I hate this new feature! Citycab is balantly encouraging drivers to smoke! Why, I never! I thought our government is strongly discouraging smoking, and there CityCab is! Telling drivers it is okay to smoke and providing convenient tools for them to smoke too! What atrocity! How atrocious! When I have a car (don't sneer. I am gonna have a car), I will not allow such features in my car!  Okay, back to the topic. I went back home, slept for an hour and started on my homework, while watching Twins Effect. I managed to complete my homework...yippee! However, I recieved a very idiotic call. Hann called. At first, he asked me how I am doing. I said I am not fine and is still having a fever. He said, "That's your problem". You asked how I am and later tell me it's my problem? Hello?! Then, he told me about how much I missed out that day and how much he learnt in class. I became quite angry. There I am. Barely recovering from a fever (37degrees that time), feeling very headachy, and you are boasting about how much you are clever than me because you learnt something more. Hello! Like I care! Stupid words. I told him, "Learn then learn la! Like I care how much you learn!". He then got all huffy-puffy and hang up. Later, I smsed him, saying that what he said just now is really inapporpriate and he went overboard. "If you want to boast, go find someone who cares". He then said something about "You are too much...assuming everything". I forgot what I replied with, but apparently, it made him real mad. He got very angry and started shouting (in his words, I infered that he is my Angel. About "not gonna bother to....nevermind". That shows secrecy! A-ha!). I finally ignored his smsed and switched off the phone. At that time, I felt really weak again. My temperature has rose to 39 again! It's very demoralizing! I never had such a serious fever before! High fever for 2 straight days! I can't stand it anymore! I fell asleep, this time, on the floor in my parent's bedroom. They gave me the "cold treatment", hoping the cold floor and the direct fan blowing in my face would cool me down. Anyway, felt very umcomfortable.  The next morning, which is today, I woke up and felt so much better! The "cold treatment" worked! My temperature is now 38.5 and everytime I take my temperature, it is slowly, but surely, decreasing! Whoo-hoo! But the only idiotic thing is: My throat hurts like hell! Whenever I try to swallow anything (even water), I would feel extremely uncomfortable and painful. Ergh. However, it felt better when I drink the sour plum drink my mom made. Ah! It's much better now. I got smses from Wendy and Ah Ji, and a call from Janet last night, asking and wishing for my well-being. Thanks guys! I appreciate it so much!  Alright! Enough about my sickness. I heard that on Friday, a lot of mortals have recieved their gifts. HaHa! So much fun! Wish I was there to see their joys. They spectaculated that whoever did not recieve their gift yet has me as their angel. Oh my, that makes it very obvious! But it doesn't make a difference, really, whether I am there or not. Okay. SHOOSH KY! Too much clues! Heard Ah Ji got a box of chocolate, WQ a letter. Congrats to both of them! Enjoy your gifts ar.   I think I am ending here le. I am getting a headache. See ya tomorrow! Bye!
    


	 
      Heya! Today, I didn't play FFIX at all, so there won't be any FF updates whatsoever. Decided to take a break from playing FFIX. Yeah.  Today, something interesting in school happened. We decided to play a game, called Angels and Mortals. It's played like this. We, a group of us, are all Angels and Mortals. Angels will select a mortal (from lucky draw) and for 4 weeks, once a week, give his/her mortal a gift. It could be anything....words of encouragement, all that stuff that Angels do to make their charges feel better (reminds me of Leo, the Charmed Ones' Whitelighter, an angel). The mortal is not supposed to know who his/her angel is, so the angel must somehow give the gift to his/her mortal secretly. About 14+ people signed up for the game! Whee-hoo! Me and CQ were talking about the possibilities of getting so-and-so.....At the end of the school, we drew lots to see who got who. I was telling myself that if I chose myself, I am not going to send a letter secretly to myself saying, "Good job being a cat!". Anyway, Clarissa got herself...have to repick...kinda funny. I got my mortal and it's a surprise for me (okay...it's a surprise no matter who i picked). I got .......... HaHa! I can't say (and the number of dots does not mean the number of letters in a word. Give up your counting.), because the angel who divulges his/her mortal have to treat 10+ other angels Yakult. Oh my!! I better keep my mouth shut. I had my suspicions who my angel is, due to overhearing snatchets of conversation. Only suspicions though. If those two (one of them) is really my angels, I am very happy le! :)   today, I did something damaging. While climbing up the stais, I grabbed hold of Hann's bag. Actually, I grabbed one of his ornaments. A chicken. And it came off from the keyring! Can you imagine that? I was like so shocked. Wendy, walking besdie me, saw everything. She started laughing and it grew harder and harder. Hann turned around and I quickly hid the chicken behind my back. Then, after threatnening me and stuff, he turned back. Then. me and Wendy started laughing real hard! Oh my god! I was so laughing that I can't stand up! HAHAHA! The whole thing is so funny.....the chicken suddenly went "pop" and was detached from the bag and ended up in my hand. And my expression too! I was so shocked! Then, Hann saw his bag and knew what happened. I gave him back the chicken..and he became devastated. He informed me I owed him a lot of things. Oh my!   Today...I think thatr's about all for today la...I gotta go now! Goodnight blog! And oh yes, good job being a cat!
    


	 
      Heya! Firstly, FFIX updates. I got out of Black Mage Village (brought a lot of Hi-Potions), went back into Conde Petit to see the holy union of Zidane and Garnet, and also ViVi and Quina. Funny la, that scene! HaHa, especially when Zidane failed to kiss Garnet. Okay, anyway....we walked the bridge thingy and finally, we ended up in Iifa Tree, the source of all mist. Skipping the bopring stuff, we got to fight Soulcage, the Undead boss of Iifa tree. The guide advises me to use Life......BUT BUT! It misses! And the stupid peabrain monster used Lvl5-Death, which killed off Eiko, Dagger and Vivi! I keep using Phoenix Down on Garnet, but before I can even use Life, the monster killed her. Finally, I remembered an old advice, and proceeded to use Phoenix Down then attack the monster. It finally worked! It's a miracle Zidane survived! HaHa!Now, I am on my way back to Madain Sari to help Eiko in a theft incident!  Today leh...nothing much happened lor. Well, today Wendy asked me to buy food for her. I brought her chicken rice plain. And she was dissappointed and said, "I thought you know me well". I was like "Woah?" and was quite hurt by that remark. Firstly, I didn't see any extra ingredients she wanted. Secondly, I have no money to pay for extras lor. I told her the former reason. She said later on, "You lied! I saw mashed potatoes!" I went on to tell her I didn't see and also the second reason.  She said, "You say so earlier ma" ... Don't know what to say la. I shut up and eat my laksa. Sigh.  And oh! The class committee is badged....Well done, majority of the class comm! You put in real effort and committment into your work! Your value and hardwork does need to be recongized. Notice I use thw word "majority". Get the implication? You infer yourself and tell me! Then, we went to vote for the Teachers Awards. Oo! I do hope some of our favourite teacher would get in! Okay...then after the quick Chem remedial, we went to choir for a quick refresh. The choir has fallen into a state of depression. The Sec 1s totally sucks  and Miss Choo gave up all hopes on them. Ahh....oh well. Oh yes, her comment to PeiYu's article is that PeiYu seemed to think she is dead, for everything is written in past tense. Ahhh.....I don't know whether she felt insulted or she's joking. I hope it's the latter.  We left home at 4.15. I noticed that Wendy became quite depressed. She became depressed like after stepping into the Choir room. Not only I noticed lor, the rest of us did. And we were pretty worried for her. CQ and Janet keep asking me what's wrong with Wendy, and I told them I don't know much, just that she became depressed after entering the choir door. I had my suspicions that it has something to do with a particular someone, but I didn't voice that out la. Hmm... But whatever it is, I do hope she will feel better soon.   Uncle Steven came to fix my brother's computer. It's working now, but all the files has been erased. Ahh! Whatever la! He says he'll be bringing over an anti-virus CD for us next time, to protect ourselves against viruses. HaHa! Thanks Uncle Steven!   I think I gotta stop writing le. So late le...these days I feel very lethargic and sleepy. Probably still hasn't gotten used to waking up at 5, half and hour earlier. How would I give for Friday to come!! Sit in a new car and wake up at 5.30! How blissful life is! Friday Firday come come soon! Okay okay...enough crap. Goodnight! 
    


	 
      Ahh yes! FFIX updates first! It was a treacherous walk to Conde Petit, where we met many many monsters, and devoured them. One useful monster Quina ate is Cactuar, where Quina learnt 1000 Needles, an attack inflicting 1000HP everytime. So useful that one. It nearly wiped out my party...stupid thing. Anyway, I finally made it to Conde Petit, where so many strange-looking cats were around. Then, we found a black mage, and therefore, everyone decided to chase after it. I got lost...but luckily I found some Chocco's footprints and rode Chooco towards the Black Mage Village. We arrived there. ViVi learnt about "stopping", when mages die. Zidane talked about his childhood. Both stories leave a sense of melancholy in my heart. Then, they began to find Kuja and his silver dragon. Ahh...that will be next time.  Today nothing interesting really did happen. I ordered some photos from Yvonne. There is no SS remedial, so we went out to eat and do homework together. Oh yes! Something did happen. You see ar, Mrs Jalil was doing patrol duty in the canteen and XC didn't wear his badge. So, XC wanted me to "cover" for him. Jalil came over..and XC said something about "quickly hide". So, I said loudly, "XC! Give me one piece!" and proceeded to take one piece of XC's food. How embarassing. Right in front of Jalil some more leh! She came over and asked why I take hsi food. I told her about the father not working for one week and I have minimal amount of money. She said, "Don't starve yourself yourself ar!". Such a caring teacher. Then she went on saying, "You should help Kelvin in times like this ma...how can you all say him? (Hann said loudly, "He got a motive!")" HaHa! I don't know why, from trying to cover for XC to this embarrassing incident. Then, Hann and CQ went on exclaiming loudly to the whole wide world I got a motive in whatever I do. So, finally, I said sarcastically, "Ayioh! My motive is revealed!". Hann then said, "You got a motive in saying that your motive is revealed!" Oh my! -.-"    After school, we went to the AVA room to hear Mrs Tan's speech. Only those who were exempted from taking MT had to hear this speech. We were told to behave in the library, if we break any rules, we have to do MT Nov Paper. And therw will be no appeal whatosever, since we lost our privileges. Whatever. Like I would misbehave. Or like my friends would either.  Then, we went to Admiralty's KFC to eat and do homework. By "we", I mean CQ, Me, XC, SL, HuiLing, Gloria, Janet and WQ. XC and I shared some bombo meal together. I was remarked upon my chicken eating skills to be too gentle. I slowly peel off the skin and the meat, then eat the pieces slowly. Someone even commented I "don't know how to eat a chicken". I respectfully did not retort. Obviously, the person is blind. If I don't know how to eat a chicken, none of the meat would be in my stomach being digested. At least I don't waste chicken. I eat every single meat my teeth can bite into, and the skin too, and also the bones. Chickens gave their lives for us, to fill our stomach with energy, not to be thrown away half-eaten. Anyway, back to the topic. After eating, we moved to the foodcourt upstairs for homework-doing. I didn't complete my SS (but I did complete it in Popular while waiting for Janet and Gloria to buy what they want), but me, CQ and SL discussed about forming a study group for SS/History. I am very okay with the idea. I wonder what topics they assigned me to do. Ahh!   There will be two tests tomorrow. Bio and Trig functions/equations/whatever-it-is-named. Bio one I dunnoe whether can pass or not. I hope the paper would be easy. The Trig oen is so simple! Even Mr Radha commented today that I "can do it!". HaHa! Boosted my confidence man! :)  I think I gotta go now...see ya tomorrow! Goodnight!
    


	 
      Heya! I completed my homeworl! Woo-hoo! Finally!   Today, I woke up at 8, where I spent 30 minutes in bath. I was thinking about the WQ issue and what points to include in my EL compo later (came with with several good phrases..like "ensure that the fmaily is stable-economically, emtionally and physically"). Then, me and brother watch Digimon and Yu-Gi-Oh while both parents went to buy breakfast and stuff. They came back with my breakfast (fried carrot cake. the size has grown smaller! ayioh!). I ate till 10, then I proceeded to Wendy's house for a day of homework-completion.  Ah! I managed to write my arugmentative essay...and go for lunch with Wendy and her brother. We ate at Macdonald's, and since I only brought 4 bucks, I ate the Chicken McCrispy only.  Wendy and her brother ate fries, spicy Chicken McCrispy and some hamburger. The eldest brother brought back some food for the third brother.   After that, I completed my EL compre and History notesd while she completed her Bio TYS. I found an eyebrow plucker at her cabinet, and proceeded to pluck my eyebrows. It ended up that my right eyebrow is finer than my left eyebrow. Oh my!! After that, we went to Causeway Point. Wendy wanted to buy C21's CD, and I accompany her.  She didn't get the CD after all. Stocks hasn't arrived yet. We toured Causeway Point. Okay, not really the whole of Causeway, but the fourth and fifth floor. We went to the Hallmark shop, Music Junction, the gift shop in the fourth floor, and the snack shop in fifth floor. I brought (and owed Wendy $1) Vanilla Coke there. We then went up to the cinema to see what new movies there are. "How To Deal" was not showing there (probably at Eng Wah or Golden village). We saw a new cartoon movie, "Sinbad and the Seven Seas". Brad Pitt voiced Sinbad. There were also voices from Michelle Phieffer. HaHa! Along the way ar, CQ smsed to my reply. His reply is very the what leh! So embarrassing! I say often already, NO, but they don't listen one!   After that, we went to the library to pick up her mother. After that, I find myself walking towards a Jap restuarant. I was too busy smsing CQ to tell her brother I am eating at home. Wendy said, "You lucky" and said that I never treated her before. Feel so embarrassed. Her family treated me so many times, whilst mine didn't. Sigh...I make it up to Wendy some day la hor. Me and her brother ate the chicken one, while Wendy and her mom ate the salmon one. Me and Wendy don't eat beef. I don't because I hate eating other meat that is not part of my daily regime (chicken, ducks, pigs, fishes, cuttlefish, shells, sotongs...the likes). I dunnoe why Wendy don't eat beef. Must ask her later. And CQ smsed Wendy a cute picture sms. I was so jealous and actually smsed CQ back, saying "you bias ah ji". HaHa! He sent me another cute pic sms! Thanks CQ! :)  After that, we went to Metro, to wait for her brother buying 4D there. Wendy was shopping for a wallet...and she was so tempted to buy one. I drag her to another section (she asked me to "Kel! Pull me away!"), which contain wallets again. So, I pulled her towards the handbags section. HaHa! Soon, it was time to leave. We met JunZhong and ChinChuan outside Metro. After that, I went back home, ate dinner, and here I am. Oh Yit Hann said to record his call down, and he's still talking to me.  I gotta go off le. See ya tomorrow! Goodnight! 
    


	 
      Today's a rather interesting day. But first, I want to talk about FFIX. I have managed to go through the Evacation Site, reaching the Outer Continent. I gots loads of interesting items in the mine. and experience too. When I fought Lani, one of Queen Brahne's assasin, Zidane Tranced. I used the new Dyne skills he learnt, and the most powerful, Solution 9, which deducted 4000+ HP from the enemy. Woah! We won the battle easily! Woo-hoo! Now the Outer Continent awaits me!  Hey! As you know, today's the school Flag Day. Our class is assembling at Wisma Atria, along with the other Sec 4 classes. First, me, Janet, Gloria and HuiLing decided to meet and go to Marsiling MRT to meet the rest. Me and Janet meet at 6.05, then we proceed to Gloria's house, reaching there at 6.15 (along with few screams here and there! All the chicken's fault! Crowing and scaring me like that!). Then, we three walked to Admiralty MRT, where we met a very late HuiLing at 6.35 (who is ruimored to pencil her eyebrows before stepping out of the house).   We reached Marsiling at 6.45...just nice. On the way down, it seems that we just missed Mrs Jalil. HaHa! We were too busy peering to our right for CQ they all that we missed Jalil waving to us on our left. I hope she doesn't feel insulted. And I was commenting rather loudly when we walked down the stairs that we Admiralty people is so much earlier than those who lived near Marsiling. HaHa! And our theory is proved right when WQ, being the nearest to Marsiling, is the latest to arrive! Tsk tsk tsk! We boarded the train and off we go!  On the train, I did my Physics TYS (copied...and also to the delight of SL, because she can copy from me afterwards) and listened to my Discman. It's rather jumpy.....oh well! I must get it serviced someday. I managed to complete the first chapter and halfway through the second chapter when we arrived at Orchard. Ahh. Do later la.  We took a rather long way to the back Wisma Atria. We reached there in the end...and waited for the subsitute teacher for sick Mrs Chew (get weel soon, Mrs Chew!). It turned out to be Mrs Chua (another of my theory was proven right! I was telling that to Janet and Gloria on the way to Admiralty MRT)! We registered our names and stuff and waited for the whole class to assemble. Mrs Chua insisted that she take the whole class to Raffles. The whole class finally did assemble at 8.30. We then proceed on to Raffles MRT, where Mrs Chua would station herself there to watch the MRT exits.   Our group - Me, Quan, SL, Janet, Hann, WQ, Gao Luan and Kim Hock - went towards the Singapore River direction. Here, we aplit up inot 2 groups of 4. My group consist of me, Janet, Hann and CQ. Not so strangely and coincidentally enough, we four are Kim Hock-haters. HaHa! We went towards the direction of the Esplanade (okay...proounced as Es-plant-nad, NOT es-plan-naid! We should prounce it the French way, since Esplanade is a French word!), where we spot lots of toruists from China. Most of them don't want to donate though. Hmm. We got to the Esplanade, and was effectively chased out by a security guard, who said something about cannot solict donations in front of a government building (oh! they are afraid of tourist complaining! that's what we think), so we went back. Then, we seeked out Mrs Chua because of sheer boredom (she was sitting at the grass-thingy reading a Bio book..something to do with O Levels). She told us to go to Golden Shoe Carpark building to ask for donations. There're lots of people walking in and out ...great for donations.   We went there...and woah! Mrs Chua's recomendation was excellent! That place is a cross-road, so people were walking in from all 4 directions. So many donors! Woah! Soon, our bag was jingling with coins and some notes. After a while, we went to eat in the coffeeshop. Me and Hann shared kueh chap, Janet and Quan drank Pepsi. After that, those two left early after dirnking...and we continued eating. Meanwhile, it started to rain.   What a surpise we recieved when we came out! The other group came and snatched our ti pan! Now, we cannot return to our own home (wu jia ke gui)...and they all blamed me, becuase i told SL where we are when she called. We left that place...(me still under beration) and when we came back...they were gone! I think they took the hint. After that, we decided to returnto Raffles to accompany Mrs Chua. What we ended up with is a mindless hour of waiting and getting wet. Finally! At 11.30, Mrs Chua came out of a shopping centre! Then, she started taking attendance...and still isnisted that all of 4/5 assemble before we can leave. Then, after some time, we can leave...phew!  After handing up the bag, and queueing a long queue and suffered stickers attacks, we headed into Wisma. Our group decided to eat at KFC. WQ made me sit outside the table, blocking everyone's way. I told him, "If I block anyone, then it's your fault!". One lady tried to pass, and I told her, "Sorry for blocking you!" while glaring at WQ. Then, all of them left without me, HuiMin and XC! How could they! but luckily, we met them in the train platform. After that, all of us proceeded to Bugis.  Oh! We had so much fun in Bugis. We spotted Adarian Pang and walked the Bugis Junction. After that, we went to Bugis Village. XC told us there a "pervertic shop" there, selling all kinds of pervertic things. XC reckoned that it might also be a prositute house. Oh! We decided to go to Bugis Village. We did spot that shop there...and XC commented those people outside the shop looking at the display, "Those pervertic people! Want to go there ar!". After touring bugis Village, we went to OG, near the Fu Lu Shou building.  OG's huge. We shopped around for ornaments and toys....haha! We even meowed at the Monopoly game board! After having fun in OG, we decided to go back to Parco Bugis Junction to eat lunch. After eating 2 times (KFC and kuey chap), I decided to do my Physics homework there. Yeah! :P There, Gloria encountered a nasty. Gloria accidentally pushed a chair with a handbag on it. That lady cat, stared at Gloria and angrily pushed the chair towards her. Tsk Tsk.   Ater eating, we left for home. On the MRT, lots of things happened. First, we took lots of pictures and that XC controled my actions everytime! You will see soon enough. It's terribly funny! Then, I completed my TYS (except for Section Bs, because I have no foolscap) when the train reached Kahtib. The last interesting thing is, mine and Wq's fight, which ultimately, he became the losing party.  you see ar. He wanted to go up to take my zhuo ye. Fine with me. Then, later he said I take my zhuo ye and go down to give it to him while he wait for me downstairs. Not so fine this time! If he's too lazy to even come up(well...he's even too lazy to walk properly....he walks and he nevers lifts up his feet! Produce all those stupid sound! Tsk Tsk! Well, if his leg becomes a problem for him, then he jolly well deserved it. Don't lift up feet some more la!), then why should he get my zhuo ye? After all, he wanted it for himself to copy. I told him no...then he wanted me to give back his CD. He is a very cruel person, and violent too. He tried to cause bodily harm to me and my earpiece. I told him I would scream if he did that again. He went on to squeeze my earpiece in his hands! Ahh! I really screamed out loud! And gave him back the CD, when I realized that he isn't embarrassed of his violent and meancing actions. I tolf him loudly, "If my earpiece spoilt, I am suing you for damages!" (I thought a lot about it at home, when I am bathing. I should also sue him for causing intentional harm to my ear and my posessions and harassment. And suggest that he be locked up indefinitely. He's a danger to the scoiety, such violent and revegeful person!). Then, I was telling XC I am going off le. He piped up and said, "Go la! Don't cause more embarrassment to yourself!". I then retorted while telling XC, "XC. I going liao. And I also heard go fei (dog bark. I should have said more about unwanted dogs in MRTs!)!". He was staring at me when I leave the train. He later told XC that I am mad, crazy, and asked everybody whether I was loud. Of course I was loud! Screaming is meant to be loud. If I am soft, then it's a insult to my screaming skills! What a stupid question to ask! Ha! Feeling the embarrassment now, aren't you?! And he always use the same words! Change words la! Such limited vocabulary! Tsk Tsk. Even I was praised by the examiners for having and using good vocabulary! Okay...stop being so bitchy ar, KY! One last thing, never mess with a person who knows how to scream and is not afraid to do it! Stop it KY! End of anger release (and this is the longest paragraph so far!)!  Oh! Tomorrow going to Wendy's for homework completion. I still have EL compo, compre and history notes. I hope I can complete by tomorrow!   I gotta go le. And I just realize I am a very evil, vile and horrible person when I bitch. Ahh! The dark side of KY! Goodnight! 
    


	 
      Heya! First thing first. FFIX updates. I completed the rescue mission of Garnet from Alexandaria Castle, got out of Alexandaria, got Ramuh the Endolion, fought the stupid snake (and keep healing myself and stole Oak Staff from) which frightened the Gargant, got into Lindblum and brought new weapon (including Exploda for Zidane) and here I am, out in the world, making my way towards Qu Marsh. Ahh!  Today, in EL class, Mrs Thong told the whole class what the examiners said about me. HaHa! She added that the examiners won't minus mark for my nervousness...phew..a very very good thing and also, the examiners told her I kept self-correcting. Ha! Silly habit of mine! Nervousness again! Ahh! I feel even more relaxed! Wee-hoo! and today leh...Hann keep suaning me because I keep talking about my orals and how well I did. I think hor, he's being jealous. There he is, worrying about his own orals, and I am there 'flaunting' my good grades. Ahh! I think I made him even more uneasy, and worried, and jealous. Ah!  Yesterday, Hu Lau Shi mentioned me in her Sec 2 class. She said I was so happy that I held her hand and jumped up and down. HaHa! Hey...how you know, you ask. Well, that class is CQ's sister's class, and she has her suspicions that "Xiang Wei" is me. She confirmed with CQ. CQ thinks that Hu likes to boast about her O Level students. I think I am a very good example (for people to boast about). Yeah! For all my fours years at Riverside, I am a very lousy MT student, never getting any A in any MT exams before. And there I am, getting an A for my O Levels, exceeding Hu's expectations (a B3)! See! No wonder she would talk about me. HaHa! I feel so honored! Stop it ar, KY. Don't hao lian ar!   What else to say ar.....oh yes! I decided to dig my Discman out of the cupboard and bring tomorrow and on every MT lessons. I see so many people bring...and CQ/Hann don't want to lend me. Feel so left out everytime...so decided to bring lor. Must ask XC, WQ they all to burn CDs for me. Ahh! Getting desperate now ar! No la where got!   Today, a miraclous event happened to Wendy. Now now...I won't say...it infringes upon her privacy right, but this something is what she has been wishing for, has been wanting for ages. She is so happy about it! I feel happy for her too! :) (~thumbs up for Wendy!~) I personally feel that she's very brave. It takes a lot of courage to do this sort of things, yeah! I admire her for that! And once again, great job Wendy! I am very happy for ya!  I think I am logging off le! See ya tomorrow blog, when I return from the Flag Day! Goodnights! 
    


	 
      Heya! Today's my EL Oral! Woo-hoo! Let me narrate what happened.  I wasn't worried at first...I was very calm and everything. But! But! Once I stepped into the waiting room, I started feeling really nervous! Yeah! Oh my god! Yep! We, 12 of us, decided to "cheat" a bit. See ar...the first few people are our indicators. We make them use hand patterns and gestures to tell us what they think about the passage and the picture. Becky was the first one. She used the "difficult" gesture. Oh my! Becky was the best scorer among us...and if she thinks the picture is hard, we die liao. The next one, XiaoXi confirmed that with us. Then, Johan went to peep at the picture. According to him, it was a river. That set all of us in a frantic. We started researching on the conversation topics for nature, conservation, protection of envrionment and stuff. Oh my! The time-keeper keep peeking in on us...probably becuase we are sitting way too near the window and she thinks we are cheating (well, her suspicions were right! Ha!) Soon, slowly, the numbers started to dwindle......Until 4.15, when it's my turn to go out to read.   Ahh! The picture was NOT about a river. It was about an Indian man making teh tarik. Dman that Chin Kang! how did he see a river when it is a coffeeshop?! The passage is quite easy, except that it is unusually long. I spent equal time on both components...although the time-keeper stopped me before I can think up of a conclusion.  After Jason came out, it's my turn! Oh no! I went inside...but was chased out because they hasn't finished discussing Jason's marks (Jason said Mrs Thong and the time-keeper giggled at me! HaHa!). Then, I was too busy looking at Jason talking to Mrs Thong that I didn't notice the examiner calling my name. HaHa! I finally realised she's calling me...  I stepped into the examination room, greeted them and took a seat. I started reading. I made quite a number of pronunciation mistakes. I think I did rather well in the expression department. Ha!   Moving on to picture description! I did rather well, I must say. I could have been more detailed in the description of characters, but I did rather well. After describing and interpreting most of the picture components, I went on to talk about my experience with drinking teh tarik. Then, due to the need to conclude, I had to say "In conclusion". Then  I paused. I don't know what to conclude! The male examiner prompted me and said, "In conclusion?". I said, "Er. In clonclusion...I love tea!" and gave a broad smile. That set both examiners off laughing. HaHa! Nothing to say ma! Don't what to say ma!  Moving on to conversation. That's the most interesting part. I was asked "In the passage, the writer talks about herbal drinks. What do you think of herbal medicines?" Oh my! What a dream question! I have so much experience in drinking herbal medicines (because i visit a Chinese practicioner when I am sick), I got a lot to talk about! However, one rather amusing thing was that the examiners keep laughing at me. I have to stop more than twice to ask them why (and to let them recollect themselves). My points funny meh? They said I was too nervous, and therefore, making the way I speak turns out to be funny. HaHa! Anyway, I felt that I did rather good too. I looked at both of them in the eye and I didn't require much prompting. A improvment, yeah!  At the end of the oral session, they apologised for laughing and disturbing my oral. I took the opportunity to ask them how I fare (yes! I did that!). They said I did rather well and I had good vocabulary, and I could be less nervous. I asked them if my nervousness would result in a loss any marks. They replied, "Not really. We would take into consideration that you are nervous, that's all" (which XC said they would minus about 1-2 marks...oh well). I felt immesnely relieved and left the room, thanking them.   After that, a group of us met Mrs Thong and enquired about the examiners' comments. They told her that we did well (and told Thong about me...which they repeated I got good vocab and I did well) on the whole. The people (even numbers) who did on the herbal medicines generally scored lower than those (odd numbers) who did "what's your special place for relaxation?". Ahh...oh well! After chatting with Thong for quite a while, we went back. We discussed a lot more on the bus journey. We stared at Tsung when he got on the bus, hopefully making him to ask us what we said. He noitced our staring and said, "Why? Your oral just finished?" and moved towards the back. HaHa!  On the whole, I felt statisfied with my oral results. :) And rather confident too. I think I am ending here. Goodnight!
    


	 
      Ohh! Today is the day we are are waiting (and fearful) for! Today is the day where it decides our destinies as Mother Tongue students. Today is the the release of MT results! Ahh! Wanna know my results? Read the following paragraph(s) then!   I already had an inkling of today's release day, due to some unconfirmed rumors in the GameFaqs message board. HaHa. And I was calling everybody up (so many sleepyheads!)! HaHa! By today, I was feeling quite nervous lor. This is a matter of life and death. Okay, not really. But it is pretty important! I want to skip MT! I want to! Even though I know I can't really achieve A, there's a part in me that hopes. :) During MT lesson, Zhang came in...with a bundle of papers! AHH! It's the results! All of us felt pretty tense up....the moment arrived! Zhang read out Wendy's name.....but to Wendy's chargin, he refused to tell her her marks, but he made a comment, "Woah! Never knew that our Bao Yu.." which basically meant that she got A already. Then, I requested for my name to be read out. I crossed my fingers.....Zhang said ,"Xiang Wei Kao De Bu Chuo! Na Yi Ge Er Gui Lai (Kelvin did pretty well. He got an A2!)!" I was estactic! I was overjoyed! I was extremely happy! I clapped loudly and yayed (which, according to WQ, said he can hear me in the next door!)! From the rest of the moment onwards, I wore a huge grin on my face! There were few others who got the prestigous A (Jesmine, Mun Peng, ChinChuan). Finally, when it came to Wendy's name. Mr Zhang asked her, "What marks do you wish to get?" She said, "As long as I got a B3, I am happy le". Zhang replied with a smile, "Well...you got better than a 3, (to which everybody clapped and she started crying out of joy!), but not better than a 1". Congrats to everyone who got an A!! Our hard work finally paid off! Wendy was crying out of happiness. We are so happy. Then, Hann, Manda and some 4/5ers came back. Hann and Amanda got As (1 and 2 respectively!)! We were so happy for each other! We kept jumping around, shaking each other's hands!   Then, we were told to enter 4/6...the sacred classroom! Ahh! The first time stepping in there, and knowing that you are gonna stay there forever.....the feeling's so great! I beamed at CQ and WQ and expressed my joys and happiness! They were preparing for oral. I kept grinning and beaming, like a stupid idiot. Hann too! I almost came close to tears. I can't believe I got A! At last! For my 4 years at Riverside, I never gotten an A in my chinese before...until now! And this is the Os some more! Ahh! Then, XC walked in! He got an A2 too! YaY! Then...Huang came in! She asked XC to read out the results. CQ got an A1 (we 'yes!' him) and so did Janet (we high-fived!)! Woo-hoo! Suprisingly, WQ and Gao Luan got B3. Not really that surprising for WQ...but definitely for Gao Luan. He's an A1 student. WQ looked dejected. Ah.....WQ! I believe you can do better for the next round! Keep improving! After that, all of us chatted there.  After that, we flew down to talk to Mr Du! Ahh! Hann was so happy he kept prancing around! :) Mr Du said a lot of encouraging words and gve us some useful advices. We went down to the board..got even happier when we saw our As..and went to the canteen to eat. WQ is gonna appeal, but I don't know leh. Hmm....me and Amanda talked a lot about our As and what happened in Zhang's class (what he did to Wendy). Later, Hann told us we were insensitive towards WQ. Opps! Our bad! Then, I accompanied the Band 3 to go up to look for Mala...I wanted to look for Hu.  I saw Hu Lau Shi and montioned her forwards! I told her joyfully that I finally got an A! And while shaking her hand, I was jumping up and down! She was very amused and congratulated me for a job well done! I took a picture with Hu (along with WQ)! I am gonna put this pic inside Hu's present this year! I keep thanking her for teaching me! Yeah! :) I wandered around while waiting for them to talk to Mala. I saw Bright....and told him I got an A! He was happy for me! :)...then I met Mrs Thong! I gleefully ran up to her and told her I got an A! She congratulated me again! :) I am like so crazy...telling everyone I got an A! HaHa! I got confidence for my orals le...I feel I can do it! Yeah! Go Kelvin!  Ehh....today nothing interesting happened in Maths remedial. Me and KS chatted...only doing 2 problems! HaHa! Then, Me, XC, Gloria and HuiLing went down to the canteen...where we met our oral friends! Found out that today's topic is quite difficult (Most boring event and scary experiences). O.o!! I hope tomorrow's topic is easy!   Hmm...today Dad's taxi did not start again! So maddening! I think it is throwing a tantrum before it's being scrapped! Ahh! I didn't get a chance to say goodbye to the taxi! Bye bye front passenger seat! I sit on you so many times! I amg onna miss my dear friend. Goodbye belt! Although you sometimes tangle yourself and annoyed me to death, I still miss you! Bye bye back passenger seats! Thanks for being so comfy and making a nice bed to lie on! Bye bye taxi! I miss you! And I got a part of you sticking to my cabinet door!   Ahh! That's about all! I think I am going off soon! Charmed's showing! Can't wait! Wee-hoo! Goodnight all! :)
    


	 
      Heya! I just came back from watching "Singapore's Brainist Kid". What a cool show. So easy question. I definitely know the answer to "Which creature guards the wizard prison in Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban"!! It is....Dementors (smirks). Ha! Many easy questions too. I will definitely be tuning in next week!  Ahh! I played FFIX. And I realised I have been extremely short-changed. The FMVs are terribly short...like cut off halfway. I didn't even get to see Odin attacking Cleyra! How unfair. Wendy informed me that this is typical of pirated games and XC said that my disk is spoilt. Ahh! Oh. Update: I downloaded the FMV. The scene is spectacular! Well, I pity the Cleyra people.....the shrine and everything was destroyed... And I only rescued 4 Cleyra cats! The two Burmecians kids and 2 oracles. Ahh! I believe we are going to Alexandaria next. Yeah.   Today, Hann brought a tape recorder, which they used to record their own voices. Some people needs more practice (when I mean more, I mean REALLY REALLY MORE), while others can keep up the good work (Well done!). Hmm....I don't know about you, but they keep using "Our EL is much worse than yours". This is a totally  PATHETIC  excuse. Spinless, useless. Like I got more marks than them in the Oral. Must be Mala's influence. Hann told me yesterday (or was it today?) not to come too close, or once Mala sees me getting too near, they would be in big trouble (She glared at me last time, when I was hanging around them while they are practising oral! Hmp!). Why would she want to do that to her students? Stress her students up so much. Prevents contact with other bands. What is this? This is call "taking our friends away from us!"  AND. IT. IS. TERRIBLY. UNFAIR.  They make oral until like so stressful. Studying should be  FUN . We should not study for the sake of studying/getting good marks. Ergh! I am totally disgusted.  Ahh! I am so gonna miss the old taxi tomorrow. Must treat it extra well tomorrow. Yep! Dad told me that he has to get the car to the factory at 5.30am, for removal of essential items (the MDT, the cashcard machine) then drive over to the compact factory in Woodlands (just a short drive away from home...good. He can go home easily.). Ahh! He will be getting his new taxi next Thursday, 1pm. YaY! So excited. Dad also gave me one of the number plates in this taxi (SHA 9304P). I will be pasting it somewhere in my room! :)  This inspired me to tell you about funny incidents that happened during the taxi-rides. I shall narrate one today. You see ar, everytime I go off right, I would say "Bye PaPa". And my usual practise is to sleep during the car ride. So, last week, instead of saying "Bye PaPa" after waking up, I said "Goodnight Mummy". And started guaffaws between the girls. so embarrassing. Must be my sleepiness. :P   Ehh! Gotta go offline le! Wishing everyone the best for their orals tomorrow! Goodnight! 
    


	 
      Ahh! What an interesting experience! I just came back from honoring our dearly departed. No, there wasn't any sarcasm if you are wondering. I treat the whole thing quite seriously, because this is the time where the Yip family bond together, and ask for new hopes, dreams and wishes to be fulfiled. I thought of adding Wicca elements into the thing (mainly, asking our ancestors to join in), but my mom told me it is for every ghosts in this planet (Actually, this 7-Month Festival is a Chinese version of Halloween! Wee! I get to celebrate the same festival twice!), so I abandoned my plan and just blessed the incense for luck, prosperity and success. Well, what we did downstairs was light some candles and incense, threw food around (for the hungry ghosts...this isn't called the Hungry Ghost Festival for nothing!) and burned the blessed incense papers. I had fun, actually. Now here I am, whole body smelling of ash. HaHa! This iis a great spiritual experience, for it allows me to mix Taoism (or rather, Buddhism...or a mixture of both) with Wiican elements. I had fun doing it. And now I already have a plan to celebrate Halloween (Samhian, pronounced as sow-en). :)  Today, I received news that the conversation topic is very easy. It is on hobbies! Awww! Oh well......I hope I can have another easy topic.  Ah! Today, during recess, a very interesting thing happened. A chicken drumstick was dropped on the table by someone, and he refuse to eat it. Woah! Me and Hann scolded him for blatant wastage of food. The chicken gives it life (or rahter, leg) to fill our stomach. Now, its purpose is not fulfiled. It gave its life away for nothing. And come on lor, the table is clean. He is indirectly insulting our cleaning staff for not doing a good job! Amanda joined in later, bringing up the part about straving children in Third-World countries. Woah! You know what he did?! In a fit of anger, he threw the druimstick onto my plate. Wnhy am I making such a fuss? One, because it is rude. Two, because it is a vegetarian plate he threw into! He contaminated the vegetarian plate...poor vegetarians who is gonna eat out of the contaminated plate. Involuntarily ate something (or the oil of) which they adhor. It doesn't really matter if the plate is from another store. It is just plain rude that he threw it into a vegetarian plate. I must make this known that this is an incosiderate action. Please don't do that in the future. And eat any dropped chicken drumstick. It won't kill you. The table does not carry AIDS virus.  Oh yes! I ordered photos from SL. :)...looks like I gotta spend more money ordering photos! HaHa! I am ordering any phtos which shows my face....okay, the one which I posed in. Sigh...no money....Father not working for a week, don't know how to get pocket money. So, it is back to daily mashed potatoes and 50cents drinks for me. Only. For the entire day. Sigh.I hope the new taxi (WQ ar! Hear it properly. NEW taxi! NEW NEW NEW!) comes sooner! Oh weel. Dad's staying home for a week starting this Thursday. At least he can give Mom some company. HaHa!   Ahh! My FFIX....I reached Cleyra....blah blah blah....saw the evil clowns extracting Endiolions from Garnet....defeated the Antlion, which is very tyco, because every one of my party members died except for Freya (she jumped), then killed the monster. HaHa!  Ahh...waiting for CQ's call, so we can do History homework together. Ahh...that's all, I think. Goodnight! 
    


	 
      Hey Hey! It's a Sunday! A weekend! That's so hard to come by.   Today woke up at 8.15. Bathed for 30 freaking minutes...that's what I usually do on weekend mornings. I take long slow baths. Nice one. Actually, I spend most of my time thinking.  Watched Digimon, then Yu-Gi-Oh, then Beyblade and then Jackie Chan Adventures. After that, surfed the net for more FF info. I upgraded my website to tables form. Congrats to moi! Now, working on the colour scheme. Ahh! Even the colour scheme meowed.   After eating lunch, went to play FFIX. I goy my first Chocograph and my first treasure chest. Ahh! Good job ar, KY! I beat the Gizamuluke dragon. Finally! I moved on Burmecia, where I am effectively lost. Sigh! I hate fightinf the lizards thingy. They keep gradually petrifying me! I hope to learn Jelly soon for all my characters! Oh. That will prevent petrify/gradual petrify! That will! Ahh!  Hmm...after that went to Wendy's to do Physics TYS. Well, let's just say we did nothing. Yeah! HaHa! I go there to look at her brothers playing FFIX and Wendy scanning photos. I must tell you one incident. You see ar, at Friday, when riding the MRT to Jurong East, Hann took a photo of XL sleeping. And all of them said that the soul will be captured in the camera. YH commented "Sekali at night the camera will go 'oooh ooh' (sound XL makes..according to Hann)". I was thinking about it at Wendy's house, and I suddenly laughed. And laughed and laughed. I laughed till I cried. I am freaking out! LOL! Hann has that effect on people! HaHa! After that, went to 888 to eat dinner with Wendy. Chatted with her and her mother about MT results. So nervous and exciting. I think I can do well, but there is this side of me that fears that I have to retake the MT Os. And the most freaking thing is that the "fear" always win the "hope". I am so scared. I am scaring myself. KY, Stop it ar!  Ahh! I can't believe I forgot to tell you that Miss Choo gave the seniors a card with a personalized message on it. I type out for you ar. "Dear Kelvin, Thank u for being part of the daily blessings in life. A consistent and committed student, who has developed and grown not only musically, but also as a young adult. Your batch and you will be greatly missed. All the best to you! From: Miss Choo" Ahh! So nice to read, and touching too! Thanks Miss Choo! Hope you will continuing having a blessed life! :)  I think I end here le...see ya blog! Goodnight!
    


	 
      Woop! Today's National Day, where Singapore celebrates it's 38th birthday! Happy Birthday, Singapore!   Woke up at 8++ today. such rare moments, for Saturdays are usually spent waking up real early to go to choir. Sigh. Graduate liao, so many free time! Plyed FFIX there. Didn't make much progress. I got Chooco to ride on! Coolies! Continuing tomorrow. Yeah!  After that, ate breakfast (carrot cake) and watched cartoons till 11.30. Then, I went online for a brief period. Chatted, find FFIX info and ate lunch (instant noodles!).  I went to Wendy's house in the afternoon to do my MT and Physics homework. Well, I managed to complete my MT homework. I lent Wendy my zhuo ye (Major update: I took Wendy's zhuo ye back home! HaHa! Now she has nothing to copy with!  "You idiot!" ). After that, she taught me how to use the FTP program and showed me how to make tables. I am gonna make a temporary page that says something about my site being in construction. Yeah, do that later lor. And Wendy sold me her blog file. YaY! Got a much nicer one. I am decorating it tomorrow! Yep yep!  Came home and bathed just in time for NDP. HaHa! The choir has the fan (the traditional chinese fan) again! So beautiful! I want, and I bet CQ wants too! So jealous of them. Oh! I found out the choereographer is Slyvia McCully again! Yep! She has been choreographing the choir for 9 years! Wow! She's a cool teacher, funny at times, yeah! HaHa! The shows are wonderful. Just don't ask me how the main performance went. I fell alsleep halfway. Yes. What a pig! I woke up just in time to catch Stephanie Sun singing the National Day song for 2003, One United People.   After the NDP, I went to pack my bag for Monday's lesson and came online. Ahh! I think I go work on my website and print out the blog entries le. See ya tomorrow! goodnight all!
    


	 
      HaHa! FFIX update first. I went into Gizamaluke Grotto and got to the part where I have to fight the crazy Gizamaluke, a big big big dragon. And I lost terribly. Ahh! I hate losing! I must win that giant dragon cat! And get Ice Staff from him. And I read from the guide I am completing Disc 1 soon, after I fought Beatrix. O.o!!  Okay...today's National Day celebration was okay. We all grouped together during singing of the songs...haha! At the end, we even ran around the parade square! So fun! HaHa! The class performaces wasn't so bad...some bored me, some didn't. By the time it ended, my legs were terribly numb. And we didn't win the Photo Essay competition. Ahh.....that's okay. Hmm...We tried our best (okay...Amanda did!). We are proud of her.  After that, we recieved news that there was no E-Maths lesson! Whoppeee! We took a lot a lot of photos! Posed a lot of wacky pose! HaHa! Have to spend a lot of money liao, to get the copies of the photos. HaHa! After that, set off with YiChun, Clar, SuPing, Xue Lin, Amanda, Wendy and Hann towards IMM for a whole afternoon of shopping!  While waiting for the IMM bus to fetch us, they started reminsing about the Penang trip they took. Yit Hann was telling (or rather, complaining) about his horrid experience there. He was sleeping, and he was annoyed everybody did not look hard enough for him. Clar told us something about WQ! Arr WQ arh! Never knew he's so  hot  with the girls (smirks)! Finally, the yellow bus arrived and we squeezed into it. Me and YiChun turned out to be one of the last to get on bus, after giving way to many people (especially old folks). Bus journey took quite long, as we have to stop a many many traffic lights. We arrived there about 10+ minutes later.  We went inside, and after walking a few steps, we saw a totally cool car! It was a F1 racing car! And driven by Micheal Schumacher some more (and powered by Helix Shell). There was his driver's suit hanging there too. Ahh! WQ missed out! Don't go some more! Then, we decided to shop at (name to be edited later), where everything sells for $2. Yeah! Everything! But alas! I had no money...after paying Wendy the $2.50 I owed her, and I still have to eat lunch. I was eyeing some owl statues (representing Athena). Shopped there for about an hour, where SuPing and Hann brought things. Then, hunger overtook us and we went to eat.  We ate a lot of stuff. I ate yong tau fu, Hann and Amanda ate lasksa, YiChun ate curry chicken , Wendy ate Western crusine, SuPing ate some herbal rice and soup, XueLin ate some Ipoh noodles and Clar ate (Ipoh hor fun. I was eyeing Chun's, Manda' and Hann's laksa/curry! I want to eat laksa (I drank some of Chun's curry whenh she went out! You are so bad ar, KY!)! Long time never eat le! So jealous! Later, Chun and Manda ate apple pies.  After that, we went back to the $2 shop again. This time, we played with the toys there! HaHa! So funny! We played with guns, masks and toys! The children side in all of us! Ahh! I love the tiara the best! So fun that one! I have been longing to wear a tiara! Yeah yeah. I know I am freaky! :P  After shopping there, we went into some bookstore. Woah! They have quite a number of New Age books and evena  whole section full of tarot decks! Ahh! Stayed there for so long, they even asked Wendy to ask me out. HaHa! She knew where to find me (in the New Age section) and even spent time there looking at the books and decks too! We left there quite happily and a bit unwillingly.   All of us decided to rest at tthe "stage" before going home. The stage has a ramp, great for walking catwlalk. I catwalked around a lot of times (at one point, a couple was laughing at me. Or so Hann informed me! Ha!). so fun to catwalk. Manda joined me at one point. HaHa! She wanted to take photos of me, but was afraid she can't, becuase it is a shopping centre and all that privacy stuff. sigh! Great opportunity wasted! Oh no! I am starting to sound like Hann, with the the celebrity thingy! HaHa! Decided to go back at 3.50+ (Hann sang the "Zha!" on the way down. I hope nobody knows which school we are from! HaHa!).  One ironic thing was that the message on the bus that takes us back to the Jurong West MRT station. It has a message saying "Hop on this bus for a fun-filed experience", to which Wendy and I said "Yeah right!". Going home is not exacty fun-filled. Ha! How inapporiately named.   On the MRT back home, Hanm slept while I am engrossed in my Reader's Digest. While both of us were busy doing our own things, something interesting happened. Apparently, someone dare his friends to approach our girls and ask for their phone numbers (oh my!). Their laughs and saying Hann's names attracted our attention. It turned out that they wanted to give Hann's number to the person, if he ever did ask. HaHa! Hann then said loudly his handphone number! HaHa! So meowingly funny.  Reached back home at 5+. Took a bath, watched Sabrina, ate dinner, went to Benjamin's house to fix his modem and came online. HaHa! Today was a fun day!   Gotta go le! Goodnight all! And Happy pre-National Day. 
    


	 
      Ahh! Sabrina The Teenage Witch is showing! YaY! The new season! Whoo-hoo! Finally! After more than a year! Sabrina returns! And it is gonna be a weekdaily affair! Yippee! ~Sings: Things are going way too fast, I wanna make it last!~  Didn't get to play FFIX today. I came home really later after EL Practice Session. Had fun during the practice session, even though I was too nervous. HaHa! But I was lucky! Mrs Thong asked me the question me and Joyce was practicing moments before (What school do you study in? It is a mixed school or a single sex school?). HaHa! Came up with the points. Mrs Thong said good, and after I told her I practised that question before the Oral session, she said I should continue to do this for my orals! :) I will, Mrs Thong! HaHa!  Today, CQ decided that he doesn't want to sing with the choir tomorrow! WHAT IS THIS?!!! CQ said before he don't care if none of the sec 4 are joining us, he will still sing! Now now! Look at what happened! Ayioh! I want to sing with the choir, and I insist CQ and Wendy come along too! They promised!! Never mind! Tomorrow is not too late! Can still persuade CQ to sing during the morning! Ahh! I want to sing with the choir!   Oh, in case you are wondering, the one who scored 16 in the bio test along with me is Eugene. Oh. What a surprise. Oh well.  Oh oh! My ordered NDP t-shirt is extremely big! I ordered 2 sizes too big! HaHa! I thought I wear M....so I ordered L, for furture use. But! But! My mother told me I wear S! I should have ordered M! Ah! Oh well.   Hmm! I log off le la! See ya tomorrow! Me-ow Meow!
    


	 
      Okay! First thing first! FFIX Updates. I went to Qu's Marsh and got Quina to join my party. Yeah! She's kinda like useless lor.....only can Eat the enemies when they are weak. And by the time they are weak, they will be killed off by ViVi, Zidane or Freya. Now, I am outside the something Grutto. Must pass that to get to Burmuceia. Yeah. I like ViVi the most! Magic users appeal to me best! Heh! I think I am putting a page for FFIX in my website, which is soon gonna be built.  I can't believe I forgot to mention a very important news. My father won the appeal! YaY! I am so happy! He's getting a new taxi! Whoppee! No more monthly breakdowns (This month's breakdown happened on the 2nd)! New taxi and everything! I am so gonna miss my regular seat (the front passenger seat). Hmm! Ahh! I hope they will have a working radio! The radio spoilt ages ago! Finally can listen to music in the car! And of course, this means that we won't be facing a finanacial difficulty soon. :) And that also means that my father will be home for a week, because we have to wait a week to get his new car! Tell you hor....every morning I wait for my father downstairs right? Well, this morning, a Citycab taxi drove down and parked next to me. I was like very puzzled and ignored the taxi. Then, the taxi-driver opened the door! It was Pa! How come I didn't recongise? Because the sign-board has been removed! I thought it was another taxi! HaHa! Come to think of it, it was embarrassing! My mother laughed! HaHa! She saw everything!  Hm...what to say today? Oh yeah! I got 16 for my Bio test! YaY! I am the highest (along with one other mystery person!! I wonder who!)! Hann says that I have reached my peak and dropping soon. Let me declare again! I  DO NOT  believe in this stupid curve whatsoever! I am not dropping! I shall not drop! Ha!   Oh yes! Me, CQ and Wendy are gonna sing along with the choir! And we may end up being the only seniors there! HaHa! Well! Low invited us, and hey! This is our last chance performing! We want to enjoy ourselves! Besdies, for 3 years, we perform wih the choir every National Day. This year, if we are not perorming along, we would feel very uncomfortable. HaHa! Looking at the choir sing when we are not singing....very weird lor!  Today, after tutition, I am in an extra-jovial mood! I think it would be because I learnt loads at tutition today. Besdies mastering the concepts of straight line graphs, I also understoood what magnetic induction is, thanks to my tutor! He majored in Physics in his University...haha! Wendy said I am too perky for my own good today. She also said that sometimes I am happy because to keep other people happy. Ha...I don't know that. When I am feeling sad or angry, I will show one lor. Even if it means irritating Hann and CQ to death. Ha!   I think I log off le. See ya tomorrow! Bye bye! 
    


	 
      HaHa! I think I shall start a FFIX Updates whenver I play FFIX. Such an exciting game! I completed the Festival of the Hunt just now. I didn't get first, Freya did. According to my brother, she always got first, so no suprise here! Well, I am proud of my 141 score (she scored 151! HaHa!). Luckily I Synthesized The Orge (2 Mage Masher needed!)...so I got a powerful weapon for Zidane now. Now, I am about to start on my jounrey to Burmuceia. Yep!  I brought the things needed for my Blog File....so I will be doing that later, after I printed out the August entries. Yeah! I hope it goes well!  Today, Wendy looked very down. It started with her refusing to go into the Choir room. I don't know what's going on. I guess she doesn't want to meet a particular somebody there. She looks depressed. I do hope she will feel better soon. Yeah. Feel better SOON. Oh yes! Save money for wallet ar, KY!  Today, during remedial, Mrs Chew told us we have to write our own tesimony. HaHa! It's like CV (resume) lor....cannot be bashful about yourself! Come to think of it, this is kinda funny. I "testify" that KY is a good person. HaHa! And future employers would think that this is written by teachers. Ha! So fun! I advise those who are writing your own testimony that you cannot be shy...this is NOT the time to be saying, "Ayioh! So buay hao bai!". It's the time to recongise your talents, your values, your good points. If you are gonna be shy and humble, then I would say that your testimony would be very short. And too modest. Praise your own talent! Recongise you! Yeah!!  Think I write until here le. See ya next time! Byes! 
    


	 
      Ah! I tried printing this blog, and you know what? I never wasted more paper in my whole life! My 38 entries is much thicker than Wendy's 50+ entries combined....and her entries are LONG too. I felt so disgraceful! So ashamed of myself! I could have used a smaller font. I should have. But never mind. There's still time to "repair" my damage! I shall, starting from July's entries, print in a smaller font. Yes! Here comes tree-saving Kelvin!  Hmm...I didn't get the highest this time in Chem. Hann and CQ broke my record. How miraculous. I think determination made them won. But of course, I left out a simple question that I know how to do. That made me lose my 1st place position. This is the most yue wang mistakes of all yue wang mistakes. Doing and getting it wrong because you don't know is much better than not doing and getting it wrong not because you don't know, but you overlook the question! However, I am glad because I got FULL marks in the Fermentation question. Yes yes. I know. Self-pitying is so pathetic. I also said I would gladly lose to CQ, Hann, Janet or Wendy! And I shall take up my word! Why! I am so happy for both of them! Congrats (Are you being fake? I dunnoe this time!)! I think I need time to cool down. What's the big deal right? Just a test only ma.....  Sigh! Hm...today there was no remedial whatsoever, so we stayed back to chat...then went to Causeway Point. A most embarrassing incident happened! As we (Me, CQ, XC, Janet, SL) came out of Popular, we saw a most disturbing image! Few police officers were leading a handcuffed boy in front of them. What is so disturbing and embarrassing? Because! Because the boy is wearing a Riverside uniform! Yes!! How disgraceful! A lower sec Indian boy. We, being ever so inquisitive, trailed the group to the front of Chamelon shop (selling beauty products!). The police took picutres there! Ahh! We infered that the boy stole something from Chamelon, probably for his girlfriend, and got arrested! Such a dishonorable act! Disgrace to Riverside! And we were disgraced along with him too! By a couple! Yes!! We went down the escalators. A couple was discussing the acts of the stupid critter, suddenly saw us and pointed at us (in my direction some more!) and said, "Isn't that boy from their school? This is how they taught them?". All of us heard it and were very embarassed! We were dragged into this mess along! Stupid boy! Steal steal steal! See la! All your fault!   Okay...I think I end here liao (YaY! I got into Lindbum! After defeating all 3 idiotic Black Waltzs, which I was nearly killed by the second one! Ergh!). See ya tomorrow!
    


	 
      Today was eventful. Yep it was.   I had a very weird dream last night. It was about my mother. She was gonna die the next day, so for that whole day, we spent time together as a whole family, enjoying each other's company while it lasted. It was touching, if you can ignore the death part. Yeah. I woke up when Mother was about to go to sleep. Anyway, Wendy checked out my dream interpretation in her dream book. It turned out my dream means that me and my property is in danger. Hmm..   In the morning, did the usual cartoons-watching. Then, at 11, Mother asked me to fold those incense paper to be burnt on 11th August. I love folding those things! So fun. Folding incense paper reminds me of the incident at my godfather's funeral. On Wednesday night, the whole family went there to pay our respect. We soon settled down round a table, joining my grandmother (maternal side) and my aunt. They were folding those incense, so we just took some and folded along with them. Then, my aunt commented that my way of folding and how the paper turned out looked like my mother's. Gradmom agreed too. This is like such a weird comment. I still remembered it. Anyway, we folded and folded. We noticed that the number of paper provided seem to have decreased, compared to past years. Mother became disgusted and said that the production people are slacking. HaHa! After that went online and then ate lunch (chee cheong fun).   After that, Mother and I went to the library to collect my reserved book (Book of Shadows: The Unofficial Guide To Charmed)! I waited so long for that book! Anyway, I was thinking of finding Wendy's mom there (who work as a cleaner in the library). After I collected my book, I went around looking for her. It's so hard to find her! So many cats, and such a large space! At the first floor, I spotted a cleaner collecting rubbish, so I followed her, hoping she would lead me to Wendy's mom. Yes! I am serious! I really did it! But she went into the "Staff" room....so I thought Wendy's mom could have been inside the Staff room after all. I abandoned my search and went back to my mother. HaHa! Wendy saw me following the cleaner (she thought I was going to the toilet, since the Staff room is near the toilet! HaHa!). She was doing homework with WanXin and LeYu in the cafe. Later, I told Wendy what really happened, and she laughed. She said I am crazy! Don't you guys think so too? HaHa!   After that, came back and surfed the Internet till 5+. Then, I played FFIX. YaY! I finally got out of Ice Cavern! YaY! After that, went into the Dali Village and saved the game. Ate dinner, bathed and then studied Bio. Here I am now, writing in my blog. I might print this out...hmm!   Today not putting any lyrics. HaHa! Too lazy too. Maybe you will see one tomorrow? Depends on my mood la! Ha! Goodnight! 
    


	 
      Heya! I finished homework le! Okay, not really. I have Physics TYS (but that's due 3 weeks later...so can take time) and A-Maths worksheet (don't plan on starting anytime soon!). Oh well. Homework completed.  AHHH!! QI SHI WO! I cancelled the file transfer in Kazaa! That Charmed video file! 400+MB you know!!!  I been downloading it last week! I thought can complete by this weekend one you know! But! But!!! My stupid fingers pressed "Cancel Download" instead of "Find More Sources"! I hate myself! I hate SLOW Kazaa Users, who made me press wrong button! I hate it!!! AHH! I lost all my mood of downloading le. PAH! Whatever la!!  Hmm! Today, at Wendy's house, Lassie was being bathed. And later she went into a very bad mood, which I was being ignored. Hmp! After doing homework (okay, and also while doing History homework), I watched Wendy and her brother playing FFIX. HaHa! So fun to watch. Wendy tried to teach me the card game. I don't really know how to play lor...but I can grasp the simple idea. Yeah. HaHa! And I let Lassie licked me all over my leg. So ticklish! I enjoyed it very much, even though it's a bit disgusting.   Oh yes! I can't believe I forgot to mention yesterday. Clarissa told us yerterday that Mrs Jalil was a policewoman before being a teacher! Coolies! No wonder she is so disciplined and strict. HaHa! I would like to see her in her police uniform. That would be cool! I wonder which district did she serve.....Hmm...  Ayiah! I still can't grasp the Lady Marmalade song yet! Must learn it hard!!   Hmm...for today's lyrics of the day, I shall have one of my old-time favourite song. I listened to it today in Wendy's house. Here it is:    Lucky - Britney Spears   This is a story about a girl named Lucky…   Early morning, she wakes up Knock, knock, knock on the door It's time for makeup, perfect smile It's you they're all waiting for They go… "Isn't she lovely, this Hollywood girl?" And they say…  [CHORUS:] She's so lucky, she's a star But she cry, cry, cries in her lonely heart, thinking If there's nothing missing in my life Then why do these tears come at night  Lost in an image, in a dream But there's no one there to wake her up And the world is spinning, and she keeps on winning But tell me what happens when it stops? They go… "Isn't she lovely, this Hollywood girl?" And they say…  [Repeat CHORUS]  "Best actress, and the winner is…Lucky!" "I'm Roger Johnson for Pop News standing outside the arena waiting for Lucky" "Oh my god…here she comes!"  Isn't she lucky, this Hollywood girl? She is so lucky, but why does she cry? If there's nothing missing in her life Why do tears come at night?     Cool right! I like Britney's songs! HaHa! That's all for today! Goodnight folks! 
    


	 
      Oh look! I went to the Meet-The-People Session, where ordinary residents get to meet MPs and pour out their grievences. Yeah, it's regarding my father's case.   Ayioh! A word of advice. Be there EARLY. Yes! We got number 32. I tell you ar! It's a tortuous wait of 2 hours, where we watch numbers 1-31 file past us. There is the waiting room 1, where everyone waits. Then, we proceed on to waiting room 2, where some cats will key in your info. Then, you go on to waiting room 3, where you wait to see the next available MP. I was shivering in there....so cold! And it is in Block 730, inside a PAP kindergarten (it figures. PAP MPs meet us in PAP school).   The MP was kinda nice la. He said he would help us write the letter, which is good. Hmm....and he got a cup of hot, steaming Milo in front of him. Makes me so thirsty. We left at about 9.10+.   Hmm...today afternoon was spent doing homework at the 768 MacDonalds with Wendy, SuPing, Clarissa, Amanda and Yi Chun. Completed EL Compre (yay!) and completed 1/4 of the SS homework. So, got another 3/4 SS source-based and an History SEQ to go (and Physics, if I want to do, that is). So, tomorrow doing at Wendy's again. Yeah. HaHa! Speaking of Wendy's, her mother keep encouraging me to take Lassie back home. Wendy said her mother's only joking la, her mom won't bear to part with Lassie. But her mother wishes Wendy to take care of Lassie more lor (Have you bathed Lassie yet ar, Wendy?). HaHa! I wouldn't mind taking Lassie back home, but Wendy will, and so will my mom. If Wendy ever lets Lassie breed with another Shetlet, I want the puppy! Wee!   These days, I keep singing Lady Marmalade ( Strutting her stuff in the streets  ! ). Sang it with Siva during EL lessons. Sang it while waiting for MP. Sang it everywhere. HaHa! Dunnoe why leh...find that song very catchy. Ahh!   Ahh..now for the song of the day. This one I like very much. The tune is very catchy. Yep! There you go! I shall present:     My Only Wish This Year - Britney Spears    Last night I took a walk in the snow.  Couples holding hands, places to go  Seems like everyone but me is in love.   Santa can you hear me  I signed my letter that I sealed with a kiss  I sent it off  It just said this  I know exactly what I want this year.  Santa can you hear me.  I want my baby (baby, yeah)  I want someone to love me someone to hold me.  Maybe (maybe, maybe maybe.) he'll be all I hope in a big red bow   Santa can you hear me?  I have been so good this year and all I want is one thing  Tell me my true love is here  He's all I want, just for me underneath my christmas tree  I'll be waiting here.  Santa thats my only wish this year.  oohhh ohh yeah  Christmas Eve I just can't sleep  Would I be wrong for taking a peek?  Cause I heard that your coming to town   Santa can you hear me? (yea yeah)  Really hope that your on your way  With something special for me in your sleigh  Ohh please make my wish come true  Santa can you hear me  I want my baby (baby)  I want someone to love me someone to hold me  Maybe (maybe maybe) theyll be all the love under the mistletoe   Santa can you hear me  I have been so good this year  And all I want is one thing  Tell me my true love is here  He's all I wabt just for me  Underneath my christmas tree  I'll be waiting here santa thats my only wish this year  I hope my letter reaches you in time  Bring me love can call all mine  (yeah yeah) cause I have been so good this year.   Can't be long under the mistletoe  He's all want and a big red bow  Santa can you hear me (hear me?)  I have been so good this year  And all i want is one thing  Tell me my true love is near  He's all I want. just for me  Underneath my christmas tree  I'll be waiting here (ohh yeah) santa thats my only wish this year  Oh santa can u hear me? oh santa  Well hes all I want just for me underneath my Christmas tree  Oh I'll be waiting here  Santa thats my only wish this year    Ahh! You should download (or rather, buy the CD) to hear it! Yeah! Goodnight all! 
    


	 
      Heya. Today's the end of exams. Frankly speaking, today was kinda tiring. I think I am having a fever.  Okay. today's the last day of the Prelims. Biology Paper 1. I think, in lieu of my sickeness, I shan't discuss this paper. A depressing topic. Sigh. but let me tell you what happened. After the finishing the paper, I was so damn tired. I cna't sleep, or else I would get scolded. So I drew pics on my paper. After the paper, when I walked home with Janet, I felt realyl lethargic. My legs were weak, I feel like sleeping and my stomach hurts. I think a fever may be befalling upon me. I know these symptoms too well.   I planned to meet Wendy they all to eat Swensen together. I was so tired...I even slept while bathing. Then, I slept for about 15 minutes before going out.   I met Wendy on the 913 bus. Then we met YiChun and they decided to shop while waiting for the rest to arrive. I don't know anything, They went to Popular...but I was so tired, I could sleep. Then, we went outside Swensen to wait for the rest. I even sat down and slept. (Okay, KY! Stop talking about sleeping all the time!) MeiYing said that she would come late, so she told us to go eat first. We finally went in, after saying that nobody else would come.  Well, we went in, participated in a lucky draw. I won crap, but oh well. I didn't use the coupon anyway. We took a long time to decide. I decided on the Swensen Banana Spilt, I forgot what the two ate le. My order came last...hahaha...they took a long time to prepare. While eating ice-creams, we talked about our future. Wendy shared with YiChun what we discussed in her house that day. HaHa. Very silly ideas. But definitely funny.   Hann called and wanted to bring Jackelyn over. We were so excited. In the end leh, only Hann came in. Sigh. Jackelyn too paiseh. Anyway, Amanda and MeiYing came. HaHa! We all shared Earthquake together. I was too fulll at first, but I forced myself to eat lor. Taste nice. We all even promised to meet together next year. HaHa! That's a promise I am looking forward to. And we each have to pay $1.80 more, because of Service Charge. Sigh.   After that, we went to Cold Storage to buy our baking needs. Me and Wendy is gonna try baking  a cake today! HaHa! We brought Chocolate Milk, margarine, flour and cake mix.   After buying all that, they decided to shop at Metro. HaHa! At Metro, I saw a halte! It's almost the same one as what Paige wore last time. Oh god! It looked so damn beautiful! It's black and nice! I tried to make one of them try on the dress, but nobody wanted. Amanda said she's bet with me "Sicssors-Paper-Stone", if she lose, she would try on the halter. And she lost!! HaHa! And it turned out it looked very nice on manda. Seriously. She have the figure to pull it off lor. They said I am pervertic...but hey! I only wanted to see how people looked in it! After that, they went to choose clothes for moi. HaHa! Wendy even picked the wrong clothes....a female one. So paiseh! Well, the clothes were too big, but they said it kinda looked good on me. Hmm.  At 2, Wendy and I went back to her house to bake cake. A very large problem oppped out. The microwave spoilt. The "Start" button is spoilt. Sigh!! We churned out many ideas, but none of them worked. Wendy's mother finally said she will call the neighbours for us. In the end, she found a neighbour on the 12th floor who was willing to help out. We started to make the mix and everything. We can't make it even, we don't have the electric mixer. But we made do with it la.  After doing the mix and everything, Wendy went to fry luncheon meat. I slept in Wendy's room. Then, after frying luncheon, she called me up to fry eggs. She finally learnt how to crack eggs and open them. Good for her! We then continued to fry eggs. It turned out nice, yeah! Wendy offered to make instant noodles for me and told em to go sleep again. Actually hor, I felt guilty. I sleep in her bed while she do all the washing and cooking. She said she don't mind..I was sick after all.  After the mee is cooked and all, we ate and watched Sabrina at the same time. Star World was showing Sabrina Season 1. YaY! The mee taste good, and also the ham and egg. Then, after eating, we watched a bit of Final Fantasy movie. We have to switch it off, because we forgot to buy pork. We delievered the cake mix to Auntie Linda's house for her to bake.   We went down to NTUC buy pork. I can't stand the air-con there. Sigh! And my legs felt weak. I can't stand up for long. We got home quickly and watched the movie. It was very nice and exciting. But, again, we have to stop it halfway to get our baked cake. I hope we can see finish seeing it some other day.  The cake cracked in the middle, but it smells heavenly. We brought it back to Wendy's house. I tried some parts of the cake. The flavour is nice, tasty, but a little too soft. Auntie Linda said we have to add more margarine. Took note of that. I did't enjoy the cake fully, because I got no appetite. I just wanted to get back home to rest. I went home at 6.10 and took 913 bus (felt to tired to walk...) back home.  I took my temperature and found out that I am having a fever of 38.6. Sigh. Expected. I took the bath quite long. And I didn't eat my dinner fully. No appetite.My head hurts and I want to sleep. I managed to watch through 2 hours of TV. Holland V, First Touch and Living With Lydia.   After that, miraculously, my fever disaappeared. Not really a miracle. I took some Panadol. But I wanted to have my fever back. hen I was sick, I have no mood to go to school. Now, I still don't have mood to go school tomorrow. I must make myself sick. I really don't feel like going to school la.   I think I gotta go now. See ya tomorrow. Goodnight blog. 
    


	 
      Heya! It's a beautiful beautiful Monday! And I updated my MSN nick to: "Eggs: Fried Eggs, Steamed Eggs, Boiled Eggs, Half-Boiled Eggs. I Love Eggs!" Isn't it egg-cellent?   Okay okay. No more egg puns. Today, we were tested on A-Maths. But I will go there later. First, I wanna talk about me giving prezzie to my "mo-te-er" (okay okay ...mortal). My Grand Finale. This is actually plan 5 you know! The first plan failed, the 2nd, 3rd and 4th plans were abandoned. I only made up Plan 5 while on the bus to Admiralty Popular. Plan 5 is: giving Wendy "The Official Hamtaro Guide" (or something like that la). HaHa! She was so happy you know! She's so pleased with her prezzie! I feel so happy giving it to her. Finally! :D  Today's A-Maths was the easiest man! Or so everyone thinks. Even Wendy was so happy doing it. I think I cna get quite good marks la. I think. I hope. Meow meow!!  After that, CQ and me stayed back to wait for Gloria and XC to eat with us. What an agonizing 2-hour wait! At first, we were so bored. So, we decided to create Bio MCQ questions to do la. But we only came up with two..hahaha! Then, we borrowed Hann's TYS to test ourselves MCQ till 11 something. Hann, Clar, MeiYing and Sonia then joined us and we gossiped. About teachers marking our scripts ar, about this and that. Hann even wanted to throw his bottle down to hit the Cheung Cheng High kids when they came in the school (we were sitting on the benches outside teacher's offices). HaHa!   Then, at 12, we (along with XC, HL, Gloria and KeYun), gathered around the hungry Mrs Chua to ask her Bio questions to clarify our doubts. She then told us we did okay, and not to worry la, because she has confidence in our Paper 1. Yep! :)  We, the original bunch, plus Hann, went to Causeway Point to eat. On the bus hor, they keep teasing me you know! I was so paiseh until I said "qi shi wo! bao xue guan" like WanWan! HaHa! Everyobdy laughed. :D We went to Causeway to eat. But hor. In order NOT to be the one to ba wei and wait for everybody, I rushed off first. And they decided to punish me by shifting to another table. Woah! Find so xin ku you know!  After we finished eating, we went to Value Shop to buy sweets for Ji and went to the library to help Sonia return book.  I came home at around 2.10 or so. took a bath. I originally decided to study Bio one, but got sian after reading the first page. I went online, then played the Sims (which I haven't for a long long time!). After that, I went online to chat with Wendy! YaY!! Tomorrow can bake cake at Wendy's house le! YaY!! I am so excited! I wanna bake nice tasty cakes! And fry eggs too. I am teaching Wendy how to crack open eggs. HaHa! So excited!  After dinner, I slept a while during Holland V. Too tired, I guess. Then, UI decided to study my Bio. I am quite weak in certain subjects! I must take note of my weakness. Then Uncle Steven came to look at my computer, so he can buy the correct equipment. YaY! I am getting a CD-RW, a new scanner and new RAM. YaY!   After that, I went online lor. Ayiah. I tuoed this blog until very long le. Keep getting distracted and all. I am gonna end here le. See ya tomorrow! Goodnight blog! 
    


	 
      Heya! What a beautiful Sunday. With weathers flactuating here and there (thunder...clear skies...thunder...clear skies...you get the picture). But oh well. No rain though!  I woke up at 8.30, and bathed for 30 minutes! I finished just as about Pokemon finished. I read the New Sunday Times. It's quite cool! The designs and everything. More sections too. Coolies! Alright alright. Yes yes! I ate chee cheong fun! Then, I watched cartoons till 11.   I went online. And XC! He added me to his convo with WQ. WQ asking XC to go genting. XC said "ask KY la". I was so embarrassed, and I left the room quickly, because I don't want to see his answer. XC (the idiiot :P) added me back, and I saw "help me ask him". I was like so damn embarrassed that I didn't look at the chatroom for the rest of the time I was online (even though I stayed inside the conversation). I read the Neopian Times, then went off to eat lunch.  After eating lunch and watching Huan Zhu Ge Ge (~sings: wo shi yi ge gu nian!~), I went to Wendy's house to study for A-Maths. But alas! I never really did what I intended.  The first thing Wendy asked me to do is write in her autograph book, NEATLY. I am the first one to sign her book, so I fell honored. I wrote a bit about my bio, then carried on to write 3.5 pages of messages for her. I wrote about how much I appreciate her, about our friendship (and how it is more than that...don't get me wrong....how it is more than close friends, like becoming sisters and brothers.) and a lot of things. I even wrote her a poem. HaHa! Then, she went on to "decorate" my autograph, making smudges beautiful and all that stuff ar. HaHa!   After that, I studied A-Maths until Chapter 5. HaHa! We were distracted and all. We keep talking. About friends. About our past. About our future. Yeah. In the end, we gave up studying altogether.  We went out to boil hot dogs to eat. HaHa! We took out one before water boiled. We found out that it was too hard. So, we boiled the hotdogs till the water boiled. Wendy then came up with this idea of baking cake together. We are so excited about it, and want to do it tomorrow one. But on Monday her father is off from work. Darn. so, we are seeing if Tuesday can bake cake or not! I am so excited! I wanna bake a cake! And oh, if you are wondering, the hot dogs taste nice!  We then went out to eat dinner. Three of us ate chicken rice. I brought back Chicken Chop for brother to eat. $4.50! Oh god! So darn ex! There goes the $7 Mom gave me! I everytime return her change one leh. Like the least $1 she gets back. Now, no change. So...don't know what to say la.  After I came home and bathed, I went off somewhere. Then, coming back, WQ messaged me! He asked me whether to go Genting or not! My heart skipped a beat! Oh god! I can't believe it! I can't believe he's talking to me. I asked Wendy for advice, but she said "You cannot depend on me all the time you know!. I told WQ I haven't made up my mind yet, I need more details. He gave everything to me.....and soon, talking leads to normal conversation. I am glad we finally talked. After so many months. Hm.  Okay. XC read my blog and found out that I am a witch. At first, he was like saying I joined a cult or something. He doesn't know what if witchcraft ma. I pointed him to a Wicca website, and answered a lot of his questions. I think he's basically okay with Wicca la (Are you, XC? HAHA). I am so glad I handled the situation quite well, and it didn't lead to major finger-pointing about Wiccans (which XC called Wiccist at first! haha!) being evil and all (I read people's stories about friends turning nasty on them when found out about their religion....quite scary you know). Hm. I was quite scared and nervous you know, when he asked about Wicca. I thought it would turn out ugly. Luckily, it didn't lor.   HaHa! Okay, I gotta go now. Waiting for Wendy to send something over so I can print it for her. Okay. See ya tomorrow. Goodnight blog.
    


	 
      Heya! This is wonderful free Saturday! No studying at all! Woo-hoo!  I woke up at 8.30 and bathed for 30 minutes! Woo-hoo! But I can't bath for 30 minutes tomorrow, or else I will miss Digimon and I want to read the New Sunday Times before Digimon. I watched TV while waiting for breakfast. I ate fried carrot cake. This is becoming a ritual. Saturday eat carrot cake, sunday eat chee cheong fun. But nothing else to eat ma! After eating, watched more cartoons.  At 11.30, came online and chatted with XC, Wendy and Ben. I have to clear my SingNet inbox. All full of spam mail! I must unsubcribe to every one, just like what I did to my 60 junk mails from my hotmail account last time. It worked and I only get about like 5 per day. And I noticed a couple of SoBigF virus coming back to my inbox. I thought all erased already? I hope it doesn't escalate into the horrendous 80-100+ SoBigF mails I recieve! Horrible!!  I went to eat lunch at 12.4 and came back online at 1.30. Me and Wendy chatted about Prom Night (I was rather distracted, because I was reading articles on Wicca, and she thought Prom Night bore me). I was like having no idea whether to go or not. If I am going, my friends must go too. Wendy's very enthusiatic about Prom Night. She tried to persuade me to go, saying it wouldn't be fun for her if her close friends weren't there with her. Of course, I felt happy hearing that, but I still have reservations. I think....most probably, I would go lor. The way Wendy describe it, it sounds fun. I haven't decided yet ar! Then, I went off at 3.30 to play FFIX.  Alright! FFIX Updates! With 4 hours of efforts spent, I managed to upgrade my Chocobo to a golden Chocobo (being able to fly) and got all the Chocographs Pieces. I also found the Chocobo Air Garden. YaY! I am trying to find all the Chocograph Pieces I am having a bit of a difficult finding some. But I will look harder!   After FFIX, I ate dinner. While eating, I watched "8 Simple Rules To Date My Daughter" and "The Simpsons". After that, I bathed and came online.   I find myself listening to "Honey's End Of The Line", "Michelle Branch's Are You Happy Now" and "Hilary Duff's So Yesterday". I somehow feeel drawn to them. Maybe because of its strong content about moving on from broken relationships. I can really relate! Yeah!  I am eating instant noodles cooked by my father while writing this. I love the way he cooks the noodles. So spicy at the right amounts and so delicious! Yum! I can't bear to eat the last few strands, which are currently sitting on the plate! Ahh! I don't want good food to end!  Okay, I gotta be going now (to painfully, and not so painfully, devour the noodles). See ya tomorrow! Goodnight blog!
    


	 
      Hello there! Long time never write in this blog le. 4 days to be exact! Why, you ask? Well, I got examinations. Our prelims to be exact. This is where it determines if we get into the JC for the 1st 3 months or not. I am hoping to score well in this exam.  Alright, lets start from Monday. On Monday, I had E-Maths 1 and SS. I spent too much time on two questions during E-Maths, thus, I have no time to do the last question. And I know some more. Sigh!! Basically, this is an okay paper.  But SS was easy!! Very very easy! HaHaHa! I did the question on conflict and diplomacy with ease. Source-based very easy too. Ahh!! After the exams, I went home with Janet.  In the afternoon, after lunch, I began to study for my Chemistry. Actually, there are two papers on Tues. Chem and A-Maths. But Chem comes first. I studied along with Wendy. My strategy for studying is read textbook first, then notes. Sometimes, I just referred to the notes, as for those chapters, Mrs Chew did not use the textbook. I also taught Wendy all about the chapter in Organic Chem. I hoped she understood what I taught her. I went to bed without even studying for A-Maths.  Tuesday - Ahh! It was a very easy paper for Chem. As usual, it was set by Mdm Rekha. And as usual, she was very protective of her Sec 5s, so she set an easy paper. Why should I be complaining? HaHa! I would like a challenge every now and then, you know. Mrs Chew set challenging papers. I did all 3 Structured Essays. Actually, I chose the first 2. But seeing I got about 30 minutes left, I did qns 3 on the question paper itself. And it turned out my question 3 seemed to score much more for me than 2 (I don't know how to explain "unsaturated" in question 2). So, I asked for another paper and copied down what I wrote in the question paper. And I managed to smuggle out question 2, which I will be correcting when Mrs Chew goes through the answer (see how well I can do for the topic ma!!). And ayiah! A-Maths was horrible. And while doing, a horrible feeling came to me. I got very scared. I realized that I am gonna flunk my A-Maths, and I don't want! I need A-Maths for JC!! Sigh. This tells me that I am gonna put in a lot of work on Sunday for A-Maths. Oh well.  After that, I rushed down to meet my parents, who will be driving me to Woodlands Central to eat. We met SL outside and we gave her a free ride to her uncle's funeral. I ate the hor fun my mom recommended. Ahh! It was very nice! I am gonna try the ti meen some other time. Then, my mother shopped for a wallet for brother. My mother said "My son only likes a particular type of wallet" and the uncle thought I was the "son". He said "Young children don't be so fussy hor. Try this wallet". I looked at him and said, "I am not the one who's buying....". He said "oh!". Then, we went home. I studied History for about an hour. Only 4 chapters to study....so easy. Then, I went online to relax. At night, I watched Brainiest Kid. Perry Lam won. I thought Jose would win (He screwed because he didn't guess the keypad game's answer fast enough). But Perry's smart. Good good! After that, called Wendy to teach her Vectors. We chatted for a while. Then my mother called Uncle Steven! She asked him to buy A CD-Writer for me (of course we will pay him later,. We asked him to buy because he's a computer expert ma!)!! YaY!! Can finally burn CDs le! I am starting with my Charmed movies! YaY!! Uncle's coming after he brought the burner! Can't wait. And I am upgrading my memory card and my disk space after he come over to look at my computer's specs. Possibly the video card too, because I want to play Sims 2 when it comes out. I don't think I am changing to Windows XP. Very unstable, always getting virus here and there. After that, called Wendy and chatted. We went to sleep later.  Wednesday- E-Maths 2 was kinda easy too. I only lost about 15 marks. Not bad. I might get a B3 this time. Or if I am lucky, an A2. Meow!! History's next! And oh boy! Was it another easy paper! I was set on doing communism, but they asked to explain how "competition with USA" made Gorbachev come up with Perestoika and Glasnot. I didn't do because I am afraid I would get the explanation for given factor wrong. And that's not good. So I did the question on Germany instead. Quite easy la, that one. Source-based's fine too. On the easy side. I am confident of getting at least an A2 for Combined Humanities. Of course, I shouldn't set such high expectations. Later I get dissappointed how?   After that, we (me, CQ, XC, HuiMin, Amanda, SL, HL, Gloria, Janet and YC) went to Causeway Point to eat. Luckily I ate the chicken noodle thingy. This week would be the last week they are selling chicken noodle, because the popularity for this noodle is not good. Sigh!! Good food wasted. Then, we went home to study Bio. It took me all day (between an unexpected nap lasting for an hour) to finished Bio. I read the last chapter in-between commercials of Charmed (oh my!! Barbas is sooo evil!!). I also made Wendy angry that day. I was complaining about using other bottles, because Mom brought me one . I was saying that I am gonna be embrassed and all, because I believe using drink bottle is NOT harmful. And now, I am doing something which is against my will. I also said something about my annoyance with ultra-hygienic freaks and how they offended me. Somehow, Wendy got angry. And didn't talk to me for about 2-3 hours. I think she cooled down already, because she said "bye" to me. Oh well. I feel so guilty.   Thursday- Bio Paper 2! Oh my my! It was a moderately easy paper. Yeah. I am so proud of my first long essay question. I wrote so neatly and everything! I did the "OR" question, about artificial and natural selection. Quite an easy paper la. After that, we went to Causeway Point to eat. I ate porridge, century egg and chicken porridge to be exact. Without ginger, onions, or spring onions to be even more exact. After that, I shopped for Angel present. CQ came online, and so did WQ. WQ tagged along, more like. Supposed to me and CQ one. Sigh. Cannot talk freely le. I took a big gamble and brought a CD I hoped my mortal don't have. After that, we went home to study for Physics.   I went to Wendy's house to study for Physics. HaHa! We cooked, no no, fried, luncheon meat. First time man! We had difficulty using the can opener, but I found out how to use it, after a long while of fitting the opener here and there. At first, we put int oo much oil and used the wrong pan. We settled for a wok and some oil. I must say, the luncheon meat was nice! :) After eating, we studied for Physics. After a while, I got very very tired. We decided to sleep for 30 minutes. I slept on her bed, while she slept on her mother's bed. After the short nap (went pass so soon! so tired leh!!), we continued studying Physics. We also talked quite a big. About the Angel-Mortal game. About what we are gonna do for celebration after Tuesday's paper. We are planning to eat at Swensen's. The Earthquake ice-cream! I finished at 5.50 something. At 6, I went home.   On the way home, Wendy called. She found out who's her angel is. It's....me! Opps! I made a slip-up by putting the CD in her bag after she checked. But that's not the problem. I brought her a CD she had already. Linkin Park's Meteora. I thought it was quite new you know. That goes to show my knowledge on music industry. Sigh! She was sad. I mean, her surprise's spoilt. I felt so guilty. Sigh! I should have asked for another 10 cent coin from Ji. I should have brought the Angel cards at New Age Circle instead. Sigh. We aare gonna exhange it for Hotel Paper today. I wonder if Popular allows that. She volunterred that she exchange, since I was afraid of embarrassment ("That idiot say it's embarrassing, which I dun have a clue what's so paiseh about"). I felt so guilty about letting my mortal do my dirty job. I said I would try doing it instead.   Today- Ah! Science Paper 1 is such a failure. I got so many wrong for Chem! I felt like I am such a big failure. Sigh!! Physics I was like going "oh die liao!". I mean, the short answers were quite okay la. Not very easy, but not that difficult either. The structured essays is such a killer! A lot I don't know! I finally had to make a choice of doing the 1st two questions. I have no clue about magnetic induction, so I didn't choose the last qns.   Just now, we went to exchange the CD. I freaked out at the last minute and let Wendy change for me. So si bai, KY. Spineless idiot. But luckily, she managed to exchange it for Michelle Branch's Hotel Paper, which I am listening to right now. So nice the CD! :D Thanks Wendy!   I think after this, I am playing FFIX. I am gonna get all the Chocobo's Treasures first, then levelling up to 99, before advancing the story. Yep! So, gotta get going now. See ya tomorrow blog!
    


	 
      Heya ! It's a Sunday!   I woke up at 8.30, and guess what?! I bathed for more than 30 minutes! YaY! I finally reached my aim! I ate chee cheong fun for breakfast. After that, watched Digimon Frontier and many other cartoons. After that went online and chatted with XC and Wendy.   Lunch Mom cooked the Japanese Udon! Hmm! Long time no eat le! I oplayed FFIX while eating. I completed Mount Gulag and found my 2nd Chocograph Treasure. I am gonna play more later.   After lunch, I went to 768 to buy Seventeen for Wendy. Luckily, G Value has it, so I brought one for $3.90 (which she returned me later). Took 913 to her house.  We studied E-Maths there. I completed my revision for Maths! YaY!! I felt kinda confident. But only the results will tell everything! Let's hope tomorrow will be an easy paper! Then, I listened to Wendy's MDs. I sang End Of The Line. While singing that, I envisioned myself singing, and also WQ. Then, I realised that I was wrong. For all those things I did. It's good. I realized my own mistake! Hmmm. Wendy said "Finally!". HaHa! Oh yeah, I also didn't take the Primrose Eveing Oil. I am scared her brother will catch me swallowing the pill. HaHa!   Then Hann called and asked me SS questions. After that, we went outside to see her brother play Harvest Moon.  At 5.45, we went out to eat. Me and Wendy ate Chicken Chop rice and her mother Half Chicken Rice Set. It was delicious! Yum! I brought back BBQ Wings Rice for brother.  I reached home and took a bath. You know, or may not know, today's Mabon. Mabon is a Sabbath, a festival! This day is some sort like the witches' version of Thanksgiving. I joined in the celebration by arranging 10 of my votive candles into a TY shape, representing Thank You. As I lighted each candle, which signifies my sincere thanks and appreciation, I said my thanks to the God and the Goddess and my ancestors (I expeically mentioned my great-grandmother and godfather). I felt so special...as this is my first Sabbath celebration. :)  Then, I wrote this blog. Here. I think I am gonna stop now. Goodnight blog! See ya!
    


	 
      Hey hey! Today's Saturday!  I woke up at 8.30 and bathed for 20 mins (too short too short! Must bath for 30 tomorrow!)! I went online while waiting for Mother to come back with breakfast. I chatted with Ben and surfed Neopets.  Mom came back at 9.45. I ate fried carrot cake. Spicy cpicy...but nice! After that, I watched cartoons till 11.30. Then, I came online. I chatted with Wendy and XC. Wendy introed me to the wonderful art of grabbing shcool supplies! You can spend hundred plus buying stuff and selling them for thousands! Woah! Can earn loads man! If not for the inflation. Yeah! Now prices of goods dropped very horredously! So terrible that I only earned 2k of profits! Oh well.   Later in the afternoon, I went to Wendy's house to study SS. We got a bit distracted by her brother playing Chocobo Racing, but we managed to finish revising at 5. At one point in time, I did something rather silly. You see ar. There was this box and bottle labelled "Evening Primrose Oil" on the table. I asked Wendy what it is about. She said it was for skincare. Then I read the box. It said something about helping women with their periods. HAHAHA! And I said "Okay...i go eat it". I treid cutting open the plastic capsule and poruing it into a cup of water. Oil flowed out. Eww! Then, I took another pill and broke it apart. This time I decided to drink it. And so I did. And it was horrible!!! I washed my mouth with water. Wendy kept laughing and laughing away. I actually drank oil meant for women! HaHaHa! Later, XC told me that men can take it too, and I am supposed to take it with the plastic. Oh good. Tomorrow I am taking one with the capsule intact! Muhahahaha!  Hmm...after that leh, something happened. The kids were outside playing and created a whole hell of a noise. Lassie started barking at them. One of them said "Shut up!" and another one said "Bark lor! I am not afraid of dogs!". Those insolent maniacs! How dare they insult Lassie?! Lassie have every right to bark! Wendy screamed at them. Wendy's brother let Lassie out to chase them and Wendy's mom glared at them through the window! Coolies! Everybody's defending Lassie! Good dog!  Upon reaching home, I bathed, ate and watched TV. Then I came online. Here I am, writing blog. I think I better go print out my August entries le. See ya tomorrow! Goodnight blog!
    


	 
      Hey! Today's the start of Prelim exams! English papers too!  Before we start being examined, I recieved a present from an extra angel. It's a small cute little mini dog, accompanied by a note! The angel wished me luck in my exams. It also turned out that XiaoXi got the same thing too! Hmm! I guess the angel wants both of the presentless mortals to feel comforted! Such a nice angel! I placed the dog in my pencil box to accomapny me throughout the exam.  Of course, naturally, Paper 1 comes first. I did the Part 2 report first. It's about Principal asking me to write about the explosion happened that happened in the Chem lab. I wrote about CQ accidentally pouring the whole packet of potassium into a beaker of water, cuasing an explosion. I wrote Mrs Chew into the story too! Mrs Chew commented "So terrible the question! A lot of you wrote me into the story! Did you say that I fainted? (Well, we were suipposed to describe the teacher's expression!" HaHa! Mrs Chew is in the limelight! I was quite pleased with what I wrote. However, my compo took quite a long time to complete.....aI had only 2 minutes left you know! This is so unlike me! I wrote about a smoker friend of mine (his name's Benjamin by the way) breaking his promise to me about not gonna smoke again. I wrote a very long compo...4 full pages (almost) consisting of almost 860+ words. That's the longest I written! I hope I can score good marks!  After Paper 1, I recieved another Angel's present! This time is from my actual angel! He/she sent me 3 packets of chocolates! Coolies! They were very tasty! Thank you angel, whoever you are!   Paper 2, compre, is not so tough after all. Cheh! Mrs thong ar, she said she will give us a tough paper! Cheh! This paper is quite okay ma. I think I can pass. do well? Let's hope, okay?  After Paper 2, we went all around school looking for people. First, we looked for Miss Mala. HL wanted to hand in some worksheet. Miss Mala asked CQ and HL for their opinions on the compre. They said it was tough. Miss Mala then said "Told you all already. Watch more Discovery Channel! And you wnated to watch Zoe Tay!". She then turned her attention to us. She asked us if we were from Bnad 1. Gloria said she's not and pointed to me and Joyce. She then asked for our opinions on the paper. I said it was okay. She said, "Bands 1 and 2 have no excuse to find it tough!". I am horrified! She's indirectly insutling CQ and HL in their faces that they suck in compre! How can?!! Oh my! I really wonder why CQ and HL suffered this humilation in silence!   Anyway, then we ate lunch. After lunch, we went up to look for SL. We listened to Mrs Chew explaining some concepts. Quite informative. I then decided to buy a couple of TYS for O Levels. One is the Combined Science TYS, the other is for SS Sec 4's Longman guide. Yeah. After that, we accompanied SL to eat in the canteen.  Then, after eating, we went home. Met XC on the bus. He's gonna eat sushi later. Later, me, Gloria and Benjamin alrighted.First we went to Popular to see some assessment books and after that, we went home.  Reaching home, I went to bath. I went online, chatted with Wendy, brought a Pen from her and surfed the Net. At 4 something, I went offline to play FFIX. Alright. FFIX updates! I completed Desert Palace at last! Then, I went to Esto Gaza. Brought some new weapons and stuff. Then, went inside Mount Gulag. I saved before I defeat the boss. I had to go eat ma.   I just ate and watched Holland V (all about JingJing today! She's such a nice person!). Now I am online and typing blog. Oh yes! I also came up with a poem while bathing. No. It is not about bathing. If you read yesterday's entry, you know what I am talking about le. Presenting my poem!   Dual Denial  Stupid Idiot Useless Denial  Why i call it "Dual Denial"? Because tthis poem can be interpreted it in two ways. And I don't wanna explain to you now. Survivor's showing later and it is the season premiere! I am NOT gonna miss it for the world! If you want a explanation, ask me anytime. So, with this, i am ending this entry! Goodnight blog! See ya tomorrow!
    


	 
      So, continuing from yesterday's blog. Siorry for the interruption ar. It's always like that on Wed.  Oh yes. The recital. Ah. It was fun and nice. Yes XC. It was very good! Stop asking already. I orignally went there under XC's invitation. The Music Students are reciting their pieces. XC is playing his Pathetique peice. The recital started at 2.45pm. Most of them did well. Well done! XC keep critisizing the person who played Sweet Bye And Bye, because the person was using his piece for his Mid-Year 2002. HaHa! Yes yes XC. She sounded not as good as you. We keep talking and talking. I think Mr Low, who was sitting at the back, was very annoyed at our constant talking. Finally, the 21st person to perform was XC! And I was his page-turner for the day. What I did was basically turn the page whenever the XC says "turn". I was quite nervous then. I was waiting patiently for XC to play the first part so I can turn the page. And that part is so slow!! The second part he moved very fast. YaY! I love that part most. And all the while, I have to doge XC's hand when he reaches for the right side of the piano. HaHa! We finally ended. XC did well. Yeah. Everybody's praising him. So no worries la hor, XC! Good luck for your practical tomorrow!  Okay. Coming back home, I bathed and ate dinner. During which, I called Wendy to talk. She was having some problems of her own. I just listened to her and gave some helpful advices here and there. Well, I believe in the end, Wendy will be alright from this mess! I believe in her. After which, I told her about my own problems. It seemed that I have been very bitchy towards WQ. Why? I think, I wanted him to block me back. I was so confused. He said he would only talk to me after Os. Now he unblocked me. What is he trying to do? Talk to me again? And if he is, he isn't doing that lor. I don't want to recieve mixed signals anymore la! Wendy said instead of me waiting for him to talk, why not talk first? I was like....dunnoe. Obviously, I still can't bring myself to be ready to talk. I am just not lor. And I also kinda figured out why he's been negative towards me. He came online yesterday. I was so plerpexed why didn't he block me. I kept asking myself why....why... I finally figured out. I think he's experiencing the same thing. We are using our bitchiness to hide our true feelings. What is his? I do not know. Mine? I am starting for forgive and forget, but I can't still accept me forgiving and forgetting, in a sense. So I used anger and bitchiness to cover it up. Sigh. Now I look like a desperate cat right? I am not lor. I am NOT desperate.  Denial.    HaHa! We talked till 8pm pkus. I recorded Holland V. And my tutition teacher forgot that there's tutition today. Ha! Soi I got one free Wed night. After watching Charmed (about gyspy and Phoebe's powers), I went to sleep.  Today, I got back my Chem practical test. I got 11/15! YaY!!! I was so happy! I thought I would get 8-10 or something like that. Mrs Chew told us most scored around 8-9 ma....I just misread the theory question and did not include one point for observation and one wrong conclusion. Also, a yue wang mark was minused from me. In M1 test, blue litmus remaining blue is correct. But that stupid Rekha...go put "blue litmus turns red" in answer sheet, and lost the mark. Mrs Chew said remaining blue is correct, because H2CO3 is too weak an acid. Sigh! But oh well. I got 11. I should be happy. Some of my friends are worse off. Good luck next time, people! Pick yourself up and try and try again! You can do it!  Then, today nothing much happened. Just that at the end of school, I felt really pissed off at Hann. He's becoming more and more dangerous each day. Look what he did to CQ and me. It's atrocious! I felt really annoyed lor. Whatever la! Whatever!  I came home at 3 something. Took a bath, ate some eggs and went to watched the recorded Holland V. After tha, I played FFIX. Instead of revising. What for revise? I don't go around memorising essays and then finding out the next day that none of my memorised essay fits any theme. Rather silly if you ask me. Mrs Thong gave us a guide on compre essay. I'll just look over that tomorrow. Alright Alright. FFIX updates. I completed the Oeilvert le! YaY! Now I am running around the Magical Palace finding bloodstones to take away. And it's very hard fighting enemies if you onkly had one phyiscal fighter (which is not really reliable) and 3 magic users who use up their MPs very fast! Oh my!! Will continue playing some other time. Yeah!  After playing, ate dinner and watched Holland V. Then, came online and printed lots of stuff. Like Wendy's blogs, poem from her angel (such a nice poem!) and my prelim timetable. Then wrote blog! Ahh!! I am tried from typing le. So see ya tomorrow. Night blog!
    


	 
      Hey! Such a eventful day today!  Okay okay. Today's normal school day. Nothing really interesting happened. I mean, during the first 4 periods. Now, MT lessons is where the fun start yeah! At MT lesson, 3 people got their prezzies! They are namely CQ, Wendy and Clar. Hm. CQ got a picture frame with a photo inside. Wendy got a crystal ball inside a a beautifully decorated box. Clar got a bookmark. Clar finally got something! Ahh! And I don't! Jealous jealous KY! Anyway, you are wondering. Have I given my prezzie yet? ~Shrug~ I don't know. I like CQ's and Wendy's prezzies! So nice! And during recess, everybody was looking at me weirdly one leh! I think they suspect I am Wendy's angel (since Wendy also like that look at me)!! Oh my my!  Okay. due to the lack of time (Charmed's showing and I hate doing this to my blog every Wed), I gotta end le. I will fill in tomorrow about today's recital. It was very intereresting! Alrighty then! See ya! Byes! Goodnight!
    


	 
      Oh my! Today's our Bio Prac! Oh my my!!  Today, we got the extra privelege of arriving at school at 9!! Because the 4/5 cats are in the second shift! Wee-hoo! So, I woke up at 7, intending to rush off at 8 to meet with CQ. Ayioh! I cannot eat things properly now you know! My left gum surrounding the wisdom tooth (imagine yourself!) is swoolen. And I feel pain anything touches the gum! Ouch! Hurts!  Okay, managed to rush to Woodlands in time. I brought a pack of battery for my discman! And I was so shocked you know! So many people were late for school (the non 4/5ers of course). Oh my!! But I felt shuang when walking into school with them. I have a valid reason to be "late", they don't. Ha!! Anyway, met CQ and WQ. I listened to my Discman on the bus, but gave up after so many idiotic crackling sounds. We reached school at 8.45+.  We sat on the same table as Wendy and SuPing. All of us began to talk. Just relax. I didn't study Bio lor. Don't feel like studying last minute. We just talk and talk and talk. Then Mrs Chew came and marked attendance. And it turned out that Gao Luan and Shawn cheated!! GL looked at Shawn's paper. This is like so desperate. Cheating is BAD (okay, we often joked about cheating during prac, but we would never do it one lor!). At 9.50+, Mrs Chew called for us to assemble and go to Bio Lab! The moment!!  We assembled outside. It turns out that Mrs Jalil would be our invigilator. That's cool. But she's kinda strict. No talking and everything. When I went in, I started searching for Bunsen burner. Mrs Chua said she will put me in the teacher's bench if there's heating. Otherwise, I would end up in the side bench. I saw no Bunsen burner! Then I looked at the 2 side benches. Nothing on them!! I then saw that the teacher's bench got equipments set up for me! YaY! Woah! Sit up there feel so special. But hor, Faiz's facing moi. And I was like "Ayiah! Want to copy also cannot!" I looked at everybody, who seemed to be all looking at me.   soon, the experiments started. The first one seemed so complicated! It's about Vitamin C decolourising some inicator. We are supposed to find out how many drops of Vitamin C in diferent concentrations take to decolourise indicator and draw graph and the likes. I tell ya, it's kinda hard diluting solutions to half. But I solved everything by logic... and a bit of borrowing of measuring cylinder from the other side of the bench (sitting at teacher's bench have lots of advantage. Can take things whenever you like! Ha!!). Woah!! I don't feel consident about first experiment. However!! Second experiment is a life-saver for me! Mainly because I knew where to cut. I was wondering whether to cut fruit T.S. or L.S. I read the questions at the back, and then knew that cutting T.S. is the right one. And then staining cut surface with iodine and drawing it. Worth 9 marks! If I cut L.S., my 9 marks would be gone! Luckily! And I answered pretty well on that experiment, so I felt good. I even had 10-15 minutes left. SL said that watching me sit there and stare blankly into space is horrifying. Because at the last 10 minutes, when I was staring into blank space feeling bored, everyone was frantically starting on the 2nd experiment. Cutting seeds and everything. I washed everything out of boredom (Mrs Chua stopped me from washing test tubes in the end...hahaha!).   At the end, everyone was so worried because they lost 9 marks for cutting L.S. Ah. But I am sure they will pass! Jia you! In History lesson, me, CQ and Jason can't stop talking about Bio Prac. HaHa! During Maths, I wrote some poems out of boredom. I will be sharing one with you later on. Assembly's boring. Doesn't concern us. So I talked to XC.  We had SS extra lesson after assembly. Which is basically the same thing she went through with us during History lesson. After that, the choir members went to choir to get our graduating presents! So exciting!! We were given our own personalized scrapebook and tuners! The tuners were presented to us like we were given a medal to wear around the neck! So cool! The tuner is in A note. ~bangs tuner and hums~. The scrapbooks were very personalized! So many people wrote so many things! I was so happy with what they wrote! Thanks guys and gals. Oh yeah, speaking of gals. Me and CQ became "her". HaHa! In our graduation cert, it was written for both of us as "This is to certify that Kelvin Yip/Low Chin Quan has participated successfully in the school choir (2000-2003) and has shown determination and passion in HER work."!! I think they too lazy to make the extra changes for the two boys in this batch! HAHA!! So funny now if you come to think about it! We enjoyed our presents very much!  After that, we met XC and Ben (who left soon after) outisde the AVA room and went to eat. Ayioh! All of them teasing about me and XC as a "couple"! HaHaHa! Crazy cats yi ge liang ge! After that, me and XC went to Causeway Popular to buy stationary. Then, we discussed Bio on the walk out.   Came back home, called Wendy and talked a bit. Then, went to bath and watch a bit of Chun Dao Ren Jian. then, played FFIX. I levelled up a bit using Epitah (7k-9k experience and lotssa money too!). After that, watched Holland V, First Touch and Brainiest Kids. Then, came online! Ta-da!  Okay. My poem before I leave.   Isomaniac   Eyes tired, Heavily closing. Stomach growling, Awake.   Here it is! I hope you enjoyed my poem! See ya tomorrow. Or maybe not (due to Charmed and all). Goodnight blog! 
    


	 
      Meow! Today's Combined Science Prac!  Oh my! Let's start with the beginning of the day. I was feeling pretty nervous and everything. I forgot about my protractor and my CD-R, so had to spend money at the bookshop. After that, we, the very nervous bunch, went down to assembly. Oh my!! After assembly, Mrs Chua segregated us off to our respective labs (Bio Lab 2 for me!). The invigilator is Mrs Ong Lay Hoon for me.   Oh my! I dare say, the practical is quite easy. Easier than expected! The Chem one only test for gases (which I was wrong for M2 because I can't test the presence of ammonia. Darn!!). For Physics, the circuit (yes, electricity) has been set up for us, and we are supposed to find voltage and current of the lamp then plot graph. And I drew a best straight line, which turned out to be wrong! Hey! I can't even plot a curve with the points I have! Anyway, I expected much worse. Chem can be accounted for, because Rekha (oh oh! she keep looking at me you know. Why ar? HeHe! Because I was looking around ma. Finished both experiments liao, so bored.) is very protective of her Sec 5s. I expected something like the exercises in the Chem Prac workbook. For Physics, dunnoe why so easy leh. Miss Tan even said that most of the time we have to set up circuit ourselves! Or the exam is not set by Miss Tan! Hmmm! Very strange!   Okay, after the test, we went up to class and be quarantined. Oh meow! We have like 3 hours to spend there. Teachers keep coming in to invigilate us. I didn't study bio that much. Maybe study during dinner or something. I chatted with CQ and YH. YH drew blue eyeshadow on my eyelids. Oh my!! Then, all of them contributed to drawing me. The face, drawn by Ah Ji, not bad la! But hor!! WQ draw a very fat body and labelled it as "KY 10 years later". I think that was really uncalled for. And moreever, he put on the t-shirt "I Love Miss W" (I said in annoyance, "Might as well put XC there". Now they are convinced that I like XC. HaHa!). At first, I really wanted to tear up the drawing. But I thought: If I did that, then I would be "entertaining" them (maybe 'them' is bit too harsh. 'Him', more likely) by breaking down in anger (I learnt it from harry Potter! Such an educational book). And I certainly don't want to be doing that. So, I controlled myself and just raised an eyebrow at everything. I am so darn proud of myself now! Wendy said that I finally managed to control my anger. YaY!!   After that, we stayed back to eat. Hmmm.....the people today were talking about how wrong it is to take food from people's plate, even if the owner have given you permission and don't mind. Frnakly speaking, I think it's crap. Come on lor. People gave you permission le. Sometimes, they don't even want to eat. Instead of wasting, might as well give me and let it serve its purpose by being eaten. When people give you permission, I don't think it's rude lor. I know Hann and Manda don't mind all these one. They just take food directly. I can understand ma. I grew up doing that! HaHa!! Meow! Even taking other's food is fun!  Okay. I brought my prezzie for my mortal cat today. Wendy and I was supposed to buy ours today. She didn't, because of various undisclosed reasons. I am gonna doll my prezzie up nicely and give it to my mortal. When? Not telling. :P You know, SL told Wendy that thjis game is kinda pointless. Because it's mainly concentrates on giving presents, but not motivating them. Hmm. I don't know lor. Wendy hopes her presents are motivating, and I hope mine are too. I did make the effort to motivate my mortal cat. I hope the cat is motivated!! Espeically during this time of the year! I am not motivated. Why? My angel didn't give me anything and neither did Clar's, Ping's and XiaoXi's. Well, I think they are too busy, or don't know us well enough to give what we like. But at least something in the fourth week is good enough liao la. Even a note suffices. And I got this stinking feeling who my Angel is. Let's see if my feelings are right in the end of this round.  Alright! I shall be ending about now. Dad's gonna holler any moment to tell us to come eat dinner. See ya tomorrow blog! Best of luck to me in my Bio Prac. See ya!
    


	 
      Hey hey! It's Sunday! Oh yeah! I am gonna burn my CDs! I am gonna burn my CDs! Burn!!  I woke up at 8.20 and bathed for about 25 minutes (wahahaha!). After that, I watched cartoons while eating breakfast (chee cheong fun and the grass jelly drink). After watching shows, I went online.  I chatted with XC cat and Wendy. XC recommends us a burning software to burn our music on. Thanks XC! Then, at 12, lunch arrived (dried spicy instant noodles with fishball and cuttlefish! mmmm!). Then, Wendy's brother said I have to help him buy lunch in exchange for the burning of my CDs (well, he  borrowed  it from the office after all). Alright, I agreed lor.   I left home at 1.40. And oh my! The sky sure was dark! Thunder was rumbling ever-so-frequently, the sky threatening to pour it's heavy load of water on the poor mortal souls down below! I quickly boarded the 913 bus to Wendy's house. Upon alighting, drizzles of rain started to drop down. Ahh! The sky has finally let out! I thought of a poem while walking to Wendy's house, which I will write at the end of this entry.  Finally reached her house. Wendy was burning CDs for herself when I went in. Then, Arman called. Wendy and Arman talked for some minutes. After that, both of us went off to buy lunch (and hopefully a new CD for me).   What cruel fate has befell upon us! It was raining, and there's no form of shelter whatsoever! We have to dash here and there, getting out of the rain as soon as possible. We finally arrived at 888. I brought the lunch for her brother and her (he insisted that I buy), while Wendy checked out the CD-R. Well, it turned out that I need another 50 cents to buy the CD, and Wendy brother gave us 50cents less. Sigh!! After buying lunch, we dashed back to her house.  There, we started burning. I made the CD covers for both of us using MeiYing's as a guide. While waiting for the CDs to burn, we read magazines (Teenage) and played Chocobo Racing. Finally, at 6pm, 89 songs were burnt into 5 discs! Finally! I missed some songs (like Britney's My Only Wish This Year), but oh well. After watching Wendy complete Storybook Mode, we went down to eat.   Wendy and I ate chicken rice while her mom ate fried kueh teow. I brought back fishball noodles for my brother. While crossing the road, Wendy's mom said that my brother, being Sec 2, is too lazy to buy his own food and bullies me. Younger brother bullying elder brother! HaHa! My brother had a violent reaction to her words. Oh my!!  After coming back, I took a bathed, studied Chem and Physics for a while and came online. There! Oh yes yes. The poem!    Rain   Drops of rain, Slowly intensify. Anger of the sky, Erupted.  Isn't this a good poem? I used short sentences (singular words even) to emphasize the rain-fall into somethhing more than just mere water dropping from the sky. I am quite proud of this work! I am gonna save it later! I already have a collection of haikus. Now I am having collection of short poems too. I just love poems!  Alright! That's the end! Wish me luck in the Practical tomorrow! See ya tomorrow, blog! Goodnight! 
    


	 
      Okay testing testing one two three. YaY! Can made this into a draft, which means that if I closed the window accidentally, this whole post can be saved. And I can change the date of posting. Oh...cool features!   Ahh...yes. Coming to today's events. I woke up at 8.30 in the morning and took a bath. After the 20-minute bath (oh! improvement....or not?), I went online while waiting for Mom to buy breakfast (fried carrot cake. I ate that 2 days in a row!). While online, someone went online. Why I want to tell you leh? Everyone comes online. But ehh....this person is KWQ, who had blocked and deleted me from his contact list. Why did he add me back on again? Now I am utterly confused. Does he want to talk or what? Why, oh why, did he add me back? I was doing fine you know....until he came online and threw me into utter confusion. I don't know whether this is good, or bad. There are some good (obviously.....), but there are some bad too. Er. I am "one confused cat".  Okay, after breakfast, I watched cartoons. So many cartoons on Saturday! After cartoon-watching I went to cut my hair. Oh! I was so hoping for a nice barber. Nice defines into "not rough, not crude and not insulting". I have enough of barbers saying something about my height! The boss ar, recongized my mother and me! BUT! BUT! He thinks I am the youngest and asked where "my older brother" is! And Mom didn't straighten that misbelief! The barber I had was okay, but he was very meticulous. Very zi xi...go through every detail. And the way he uses the cutting thingy, like so scared like that. I think he's a newbie la. But it was boring watching him being so careful. HaHa!   After that, I came home, washed my hair twice (it's been a habit to shampoo my hair twice after a haircut....yeah!) and ate lunch. After eating lunch, I went for Wendy's house to study for Sci Prac and tuiton her. But first, we are meeting in Popular to buy our CD-R to burn songs.   I went out at 1.30 and took 913 to Admiralty Station. Met Wendy in Popular where we brought the 10 CDs. My mother lent me her Popular card to use, so we got 10% discount ($1). We used that $1 to buy two ice-cream cones from Macdonalds. We then walked back to Wendy's house.   We completed our studies for Science practicals. Well, actually, I did. Wendy seems quite unsure of her work, so I am teaching her tomorrow. After that, we are burning our CDs. YaY! Can finally have more CDs to listen to, instead of listening to Jay all the time. No no...not saying that Jay is lousy...but it does get boring after a while. Okay, after studying, we spent time reading books. She read her Condor Heroes book while I read the Teen Witch book. Then, we went out to watch her eldest brother play FFIX. He tuaght me a few tricks....ahh! Must remember ar!  We went down to buy food and drinks back for her brother. She wanted to get the Sour Cream and Onion Pringles, but I don't want. She insisted, and I let her buy. Hey! It's her brother's money after all! We then brought Roller-Coasters, some chips and Vanilla Coke.   Back there, I ate the Pringles. Can you believe it? I tred into "forbidden" terriotry! It's not so bad after all! I almost ate half of the chips there! I watched her brother level up his characters (he's trying so hard to find the turtle monsters to level up - we call it "wu gui wang ba"! HAHA!). Wendy called WanXin because WX smsed her. No no...cannot disclose what they are talking about. Privacy rights being invoked here! But I do realised that Wendy really makes a good psychologist! So expert in this kind of stuff...giving advice ar and all that. Woah! Her advices were practical and straightforward, and it is the best policy for everyone. Right Wendy? HaHa!  After her call, Wendy wanted to Chocobo Race with me! HaHa! You can say that this master lost every race to his student! She used the Bahamut wor! So expert sia! White Mage is naturally slow against Bahamut, but hey! At least I come in 2nd/3rd! Once, i used Bahamut, but I still lost! Sigh! But never mind lor! See the student I taught! So good at her games! This means that the teacher is REALLY SOMETHING to begin with! A-ha! Good teacher naturally produces good students ma! HaHaHa! So, no losses for me la! I am proud of my student ar!   Okay, after that came back, bathed and ate dinner while watching Simpsons. Then, came online and gave Wendy my mp3s that I wanted to burn tomorrow. Wendy recieved her present from her angel also ar! Her angel really creative, creating another email add to send her a poem. That's cool! She thought it was me, becuase the poem sound like me. HaHa! I find that hor, everytime she reads a poem. she thinks it's my work. I think she read too much of my work! HaHa! She says she's decorating the poem and printing it out (okay, I print for her).   Okay, I think i am ending this le. See ya tomorrow! Goodnight blog! 
    


	 
      Oh look! Two days I haven't blogged and there're new features. Oh yes, you must be wondering why I haven't blogged for two days. No no. I am not sick. I actually wrote a blog one lor, on Wednesday night. But, I accidentally closed the window. Morever, Charmed's about to start. Actually, it was't much of a lost that time la. I wrote in point form...hahaha. Yesterday leh, went out to celebrate Mid-Autumn Festival with friends. More details later.  Okay, starting with Wednesday. I forgotten most of the stuff le. We had Bio and Physics, with Physics lasting till 4-something-pm that day. I made an important descision during Physics, that is to join Shuet Ling's group in celebrating the Zhong Qiu. Why? You thought I originally joined Wendy's right? Well, there are some other people joining Wendy's group which I am not familiar/comfortable with. And I bet the shy me is not gonna have fun and be KY that night. Whereas for SL's group, I know everybody there, so I can enjoy myself. So therefore, I am joining them. I told Wendy, she doens't seem to mind. I am so afraid of making her dissappointed or something. Well, I kinda promised, and it is bad to break promises. Hmm. Miss Tan was very upset that day, because the soccer boys came in late for her class playing soccer. I noticed Miss Tan was almost close to tears. And yet Eugene and Yean Seng was scolding her for naggging. I pity Miss Tan actually. Yeah. so, I tried to do the experiments seriously. Yeah. And Charmed was nice that day. It's always nice! It was so funny when the demon realises he's gonna be blown by up by Piper. "NO!!" Piper thrusts her hands and "AHH!!". HAHA!   Moving on to Thursday! It's Mid-Autumn Festival, otherwise known as Lantern Festival, or also known as Zhong Qiu Jie. It's when the Chinese celebrate the full moon with mooncakes, lanterns and candles. Well, actually, it's more on the candles part lor. This is the time when we can play candles until shuang! HaHa! We (meaning I, XC, CQ, Joyce, PeiYing, SL, Gloria and HL) planned to go Woodlands Town Garden to celebrate. Yep.  That day, there's only 2-hours of Bio. The practial is damn easy man! I managed to get 34/40 (We self-marked)! It's such a confidence booster! After Bio, me, CQ and SL went to 4/5 class to wait for XC they all. SL beat my Snake high score by achieving a 700+. Oh my!! They came out at 1.30 (XC disappeared for a while!! He went to the toilet with Benjamin!!!). After all that hoo-haa, we went to Causeway Point to eat and buy things.  At Causeway Point, we went to eat at KFC. Ayioh! I should have gone up to eat at the foodcourt you know!! Ayioh! We, a big group of us, were standing near a table to wait for the occupants to finish eating. Then, a cleaning auntie came along. She scolded us for blocking her way while she's sweeping. Whatever. Then, the occupants left. We rushed to grab the seats. Then, the auntie came and nagged and nagged at us for blocking her way and all that crap. We were like staring at each other, rolling our eyes and staring at her. Actually, she was talking in some dialect which I don't understand. I keep asking CQ what she said (and loud too). We pused some tables to join as a group...but leh, she go and push back. And keep on nagging. Okay...I got really flared up. I don't care lor. I pushed the table back. CQ stopped me and said "don't". I was very the bu shuang! I tried to push there, CQ stopped me again. She then come and nag and said something about students should not be making her life hard, she earns so little. I was like very the qi! There're no rules saying we cannot push the tables, so why can't we? I can't stand people nagging at me, at how poor my behavior is, and in some dialect which I don't understand. Total insult to me! Everybody also feels very annoyed. This, is a sure-fire method to get rid of potential customers. Ergh!  After that, we shopped around Causeway Point for water-bottles (so idiotic! listen to stupid news....kiasi!) and ham. There, at Cold Storage, I blurted out that SHE is useless (because Gloria said...there! SHE poster!, then I blurted out). Ayioh!!!! CQ was so mad at me you know! He said, "Don't talk to you for one week". What!!! Ayioh...for goodness sake! And I was quite saddened by the fact that he placed SHE on top of our friendship. Gloria told me that I should not think that everybody follow my mindset. Maybe I was wrong by insulting SHE in his face, but I say, CQ can also learn a thing or two from Gloria. Not everybody likes SHE lor and can voice their opinions one lor, and CQ have to respect that.   After the shopping, we went back to our respective homes. I am bringing XC back home. Me, XC and Gloria decided to meet at 5.15, then meeting HuiLing at 5.30. XC and I went back home. He played my computer while I bathed and made instant noodles for both of us. HaHa! That XC ar! Put all three full packets of chilli oil, chilli powder and black soy sauce. He was so hot that he gave up halfway. I forced him to finish the plate, because I hate cleaning after a dirty plate. After that, I offered him drinks. Then, we went to Gloria's flat.  Woah! By the time Gloria came down, it was pouring heavily! Me and XC shared an unbrella, but that XC ar! The wind was blowing to the West, but he held the unbrella up high. And because I was on his right side, I got the full blast of the rain! My right side of the clothes were drenched heavily! XC!!!! We went to Admiralty to meet HL and her two sisters. We then called SL. The venue was changed to SL's block's void deck. Okay with me. Joyce and PeiYing did not want to come, because it was too troublesome for them. We then travelled to Woodlands Station via MRT and took 903 to SL's house.  We met SL down her block and we waited for CQ to arrive. HL and XC started on their Physics homework while SL and Gloria went to Sheng Shiong to buy drinks, foods, candles and lanterns. I played with some candles. Then, CQ arrived. After waiting for SL for so long, we decided to go up her house to watch Holland V. Actually, HuiLing wanted to watch the part when JingJing awakes. We went up, and watched DaHua boasting about his abilities to lead. Oh please! Then, we saw the BMI commercial and decided to calculate our BMI. I was 21, CQ 25 and XC 18!! Oh my! What's more surprising is that WQ is 15! So low! Then, we found out from SL's parents that the JingJing parted has shown (we missed the ending by a mere second!). So, it means like watching the show equals to not watching the show. SL then called us down to play.  We played with candles (melted a whole lot) and firecrackers. HaHa! We set up lanterns around the bushes outside. Then, we decided to play The number game. I don't know how to explain. Just ask me in person la. I lost about 3 times. And become the person who makes out the number. I decided to use 77 (rep 7th July...me birthday!). Everybody spotted that, and tried as hard as they could not to guess the number. Second time round, I used 43, instead of 42 (my class register). Then, third time, I used 77 again! And SL managed to trick HL's sister to say 78, so HL zhonged. HaHa! We then played another game, something about police and thieves. Me and Gloria became the police....and woah! That XC very crafty! Tried to burn me ar, XC!!! So hard to catch, he is!   After playing that, we decided to clean up and go home. It was hard cleaning up. I cleared out the food and drinks, while they tried to scrape off the wax. Woah! Clean clean scarpe scrape for dunnoe how many minutes till 9.50, when all of us started going back home. Ahh...SL just go up the lift can already ar! XC go take bus to Checkpoint, CQ rushed off to meet his mother, while the rest of us take 903 back to Woodlands Interchange. Reaching the interchange, HL and her sisters take the train back home, while me and Gloria took 913 back. I reached home at around 10.20.   Today leh....I met CQ at Woodlands Interchange. He didn't talk to me. I stood besides Chun while waiting for 962 and said chirpily "YiChun zhao!". I busied myself with Streats, Discman (playing Ye Hui Mei) and Charmed book, so didn't talk also like never mind to me one. After that, while walking up to Bio Lab, I was walking in front of CQ and WQ. WQ was asking CQ something about me. CQ then called for me. I stopped. He caught up to me and said "Hello", smiled and waved. Oh good. He stopped his silly game. I asked why he want to talk to me, he said "See you so pitiful". Oh well.   Today's A-Maths and Bio went quite well. HaHa! But I must say something leh. That WQ...say don't want to talk to me....really don't want to talk leh! Not even for basic nescessities. Today, he tapped my shoulders during Maths class, pointed at some worksheets and pointed towards XiaoXi's row. He repeated that. I was so confused. I took one whole stack and gave it to Hann. He then said panickingly, "My worksheets! My worksheets!". Ha! Don't wanna talk some more lor! Then, at Causeway Point, me and CQ were talking about Practical. He was like interupting, giving CQ sweets. I raised my voice louder and louder "study practical...StudY practical...STUDY PRACTICAL!". Then, CQ said Ayiah...give KY la!". In order for me not to hear his excuses for not giving me, I said shrilled, "WO CAI BU YAO!" CQ then laughed and laughed! Ha!  Okay6....I goota go eat chilli crab le! See ya tomorrow, blog! Bye bye!
    


	 
      Hey! Today is a free day for us 4/5ers! Woo-hoo! Today, so many things happened. Today, basically I went to Wendy's house to play PS. Actually, CQ asked me out to the library to study today. But as Wendy's tutor, I asked Wendy if she needed me for tuition. She said no. But I go library also do nothing one. Wendy said "might as well come over play PS". So I took her word for it. HaHa!   Okies, I woke up at 8.30 (I think...I never looked at the clock like I usually did). I bathed and went online to wait for my mom to get breakfast (chee cheong fun....the store didn't open, so I ate roti prata instead). After that, Mom came back and I ate breakfast.  After breakfast, I went on to rename all my mp3s. The Artist/Title is so inapporpriately named sometimes! Ergh! It took me about 1.5hours of hard work and opening of every single file to name all my mp3s! YaY! I am so proud of myself! Meo-ow! After that, I went to eat lunch (instant noodles).  In the middle of eating lunch, Wendy smsed. She had no money to buy a new keyboard and speakers. Her keyboard spoilt. Okay, not really. The space bar won't work. So, whatevershetypesturnsoutlikethis (okay.not.really.she.found.a.way.to.space). The speakers are spoiling. Yeah. I offered to pay her back what I owed her ($6.75...rounding up to $6.80). I am going over, so I can pay ma. I arranged to meet at Admiralty, so she can go change her foreign money (US notes) to get some money to buy her stuff.   On the way, I realized that I didn't do the Physics June Paper! I was aghast! I was shocked! I can't believed I forgot! I called my friends to check. Ah Ji and Wendy confirmed got, but they are not doing. Oh my!! I am so dead!  We met at Admiralty, but our efforts proved furtile. The person refused to change US$1 notes, so Wendy have to go back to her $20 note. However, we brought Wendy's keyboard (some girls were complaining, because we snatched the last one of its kind, i.e., the cheapest one. HaHaHa!) at Popular. We walked back to her house. She installed the keyboard and it worked. She's going to Admiralty to exchange her notes and buy speakers. I am gonna be left alone at her house to do my Physics homework (which I lent her to copy later, since I copied her MCQs). Well, I managed to complete majority of the questions by the time she came back with speakers, notebook, foolscap and forgot what else.  After that, I played my FFIX game. Oh yeah. I reached Oeilvert...but after a tiresome walk. The monsters there are so powerful, and I am like, so 25-ish+ levels. Oh my! I hate Armstrong, and also the Cactuars, even though they give plenty of experience and money. At Oeilvert, i spent all my money on weapons!!! Oh my! I am such a qiong guang dan! I saved the game, and then played Chocobo Racing.  Wendy and I first practised racing. HaHaHa! She was quite pathetic. Ayiah, it's okay to be pathetic for your first game. She don't know how to use the "X" for braking, and don't even know she have stones to throw (and abilities to activate too). She was too concentrated on racing! HaHa! The real strat for this game is to use the apporpirate ability, character. You also have to pay close attention to the stones you recieved and use them wisely with any given opportunity (and also match them with your ability). And of course, pay attention to the race course and how to manovere around it. So many things to do. It trains your multi-tasking skills. Ha! No wonder Wendy can't get the hang of it. But she is slowly getting it. We played Grand Prix twice. I got 4th on the 1st race (big drop in skills wor!), but I got a perfect score of 36 in the second race (YaY!). Wendy improved from 5th to 4th. That's an improvement. Then, she played Story Mode. She got stuck in the Black Manor, racing against Black Mage. Oh my! Even I couldn't win either! So many twists and turns! Cannot blame me ma! I left at 6, leaving Wendy to play the Story Mode. Ha! She's real determined to win Black Manor! Pei fu, pei fu!  Okay, reached home, ate, watched TV (Holland V, First Touch and Brainest Kid) and came online. I gotta end le this entry le. See ya tomorrow. Goodnight blog! 
    


	 
      Heya! Today, so many things happened! Ahh! Let me begin from the start!  Okies...i woke up at 8 and went to bathed. Then, at 8.30, I called Wendy to wake her up. I called once, and nobody picked up. Fine. People are usually too sleepy to pick up phones. So, I decided to call 2 phones instead (house and her handphone). Ha! It took me about like 5 minutes of calling two phones to wake her up. And, she's already woken up lor, by my SMS I sent earlier. She's just too lazy to pick up the phone. I was like "Woah! I can't believe you can tolerate two phones ringing for 5 minutes!". Super man!  After that, went to 883 to eat breakfast with Mom (I ate laksa, she ate mee siam). Then, upon coming back, I decided to play FFIX for awhile. Oh yes! I long time never do FFIX Updates hor!!! I basically went to the Black Mage Village, then procedded on to the Desert Palace. I have to select Freya, Steiner and Armarant to go to Oleivert with me, a non-magical place. Sigh! There goes my black magic and white magic characters! Darn! Then, the next door neighbour came and talked to me about O Levels and the importance of choosing the correct path. I appreciate her opnions and I know she meant well, but she made me almost late for meeting with manda. I ended the convo, then get dressed hurriedly and went off.  I met Amanda there. She had brought some milk, butter and chocolate flakes. We then waited for Andi and went down to meet him. The three of us went to Chun's house together.   We met Wendy and Chun downstairs, and we went up. We were soon joined by MeiYing. We started fixing the puzzle! Oh my! I originally decided to fix Piglet, but don't know how to due to the little number of Piglet pieces. I decided to fix Christopher's head instead. After doing that, I went to fix some minor pieces here and there. We finally completed after an hour! Woah! 3 hours ahead of what we originally planned! We wrote our messages to Arman on the back of the board. HaHa! I hopes he likes it! Then, we ate some yam cake there (oh good! got mushroom inside! nice!) and listened to some songs (Disney and BackStreet Boys).   After that, we went to Arman's house. Me and manda detoured back to Chun's house to collect our ingredients! e left it behind...hahaha! At Arman's house, we just relaxed there lor. We played with his cat, rid on his exersing bike machine (for 5 mins maintaing a constant rate of 70 rates per minute), and gossipped. We gossipped about butts. HaHaHa! Just because I noticed butts and compared them doesn't mean I have a fetish hor! Ha! Well, we discussed CQ's and WQ's butt. Ha!!! And Amanda and I pretended to discuss Wendy's butt and lead her to misbelieve that we gossipped about her butt. HAHA! Wendy, if you are reading this, :P!  Then, leh, we left and went to Woodlands MRT to wait for our friends so we can go to Yvonne's house. We waited for Ah Ji, WQ and Clar. When Ah Ji saw Andi, his expression changed lor. I knew it from the start (I got this feeling when we are taking the bus to Woodlands Interchange lor....as his friend, I know these things!) that Ah Ji would become like that lor. But I don't blame him. He hasn't seen Andi without Faiz yet. Andi is basically very nice and funny. Yeah! And I think Ah Ji realized that as time goes by. I saw him chuckling at Andi's jokes quite a number of times. That's good. Yeah!  Once everyone got together, we proceeded to Yvonne's house. I talked to Ah Ji about what I told you yesterday. Yeah. He said in the end "You are crazy". I don't know what he meant by that comment lor. Perhaps he meant what I am doing about this situation. I must go ask him next time.   We assembled all ingredients to make the cake. And they found out that they don't have enough flour. So, they decided to play open number to send an unlucky soul down to 888 to buy flour. And it was me. If I had known, I should have shown a 3 (and made Amanda buy) or a 1 (and saboed CQ). I made the trehcerous walk (okay...not really that long la, but under the sun leh! and i sweat easily!) to and fro 888. I brought a packet of plain flour costing $1.40. I finally made it back. Later leh, I found out that they found out they have enough flour. but it was too late, they sent me out le (ever heard of calling? i can always walk back). But in order not to waste my efforts, they used the flour I brought instead. Thanks guys! HaHa! We freased and floured the pan and poured the cake mix (I missed the exciting part!) into the pan. We put the pan into the pre-heated oven and waited for 45 minutes. We played Murderer there. HaHa! I keep being the vicitm! I been the police once (and i sucked at it! I got all my suspects wrong!) and a murderer once too (I only managed to kill XiaoXi! I tried to kill Manda, but she was the police! HAHA!). The cake was finally done! It was cute, in a way. We decorated it with whipped cream and flakes. We then decided to send it over to SuPing personally.   First, we went to 888 to buy a box to contain the cake. Then, we walked to the bus-stop to take the bus there. We took 913 and walked a bit (We were shown an "attraction", Faiz's house. Bastard.) to get to her house. We rang her doorbell and there she comes! We sang SuPing the birthday song first, then showed her the cake. She was very happy and invited us in to eat. We finally got to taste our own creation! I gotta admit, it was nice! Our first time baking a cake, and it turned out nice! Wee! SuPing was elated and kept thanking us! Then, I rushed down to meet my family at 768 to eat.  After eating, we came back home and watched Holland V and Comedy Nite. Then came online. SuPing thanked me again, I chatted with Wendy, XC and Shin Han! And then I wrote this blog! Such an eventful day! Oh well. Gotta go liao. See ya tomorrow! 
    


	 
      You know what? WQ says he wants nothing to do with me lor. He don't want to talk to me, neither does he want me to talk to him. He says it's better not talking lor. Looks like CQ is right. And Ah Ji is always right. But the good thing is, he's not angry lor. And he said he will try to talk to me after the Os. When we are not seeing each other frequently, and not as close. I don't have to talk to him lor. He will. Me? What I feel? Well, I respect his decision lor. I won't try to talk to him, neither will I open any opportunity to him lor, I mean, before he's ready. Since he makes this firm decision, and I can't do anything about it, I might as well respect this. And I felt so dejected, rejected. One side is like wanting to talk, the other is not wanting to talk. This is like so opposite. So contrasting. So different. I feel sad lor. I am now feeling like crying, but something tells me not to. It's not worth it. Why cry, when something good awaits me at the end of the year? But right now, I don't want to get my hopes up high le. Just lie low. And wait. Yeah. Now, I don't know how to face him tomorrow. I think it would be awkward. I think I need Wendy's and CQ's support. I really do. 
    


	 
      Heya! I just came back from bathng. Meow!!  Okay, I went to Wendy's house, as you all know. Firstly, I read the NT. I found out I have to buy a pen and a notebook for Grammar class! Oh my! I spent about 20k buying a Faerie Pen and Faerie Notebook. Then, I tutored her A-Maths. We went throught Sets and Functions, and I gave her homework (5 questions on each topic). I am quite hesistant about giving her homework, because I never do the homework my tuition teacher gave me. She insisted that I give her some questions, so oh well.   After the tuition, we went online. Now, we met WQ there (his nick is: "Shout. Scream. Do what you want!" Oh! We inferred what that meant....). Now, I pretened to be Wendy and talked to him (oh my! i broke my own rules...but never mind. I am talking as "Wendy"). I wonder if he knew the difference. Probably he forgot how KY talks like le....so long never chatted with me le. And he sent Wendy an email, the one which I tried so hard to fill for Ben. Just for fun, I wrote a lot of sarcarstic answers in the boxes (oh my! I am becoming more and more sarcarstic these days!). Then, I seriously considered sending to him. But Wendy made me send to myself instead. Ha! Meow!  After that, watched some funny cartoons. My Little Ponies and Rainbow Brite. So cute! Then, we went to 888 to eat dinner. Wendy's mom ate mixed rice, Wendy ate chicken chop rice and I ate fried carrot cake plus sotong. I brought BBQ Chicken Wings Rice for brother. Yeah.  Oh my! I have diarrhea! I think it is the lontong I ate this morning for breakfast. So idiotic you know! Rushing to the toilet every hour or so. I hope I don't have diarrhea tomorrow. I certainly don't want to be rushing to the toilet every few hours!!   Okay, I gotta go le. See ya tomorrow blog! It's gonna be an exciting day. Fixing puzzles and baking cakes! HaHa! Goodnight! 
    


	 
      Heya! Ayiah, yesterday, BlogSpot went offline. So I have no chance whatsoever to create a blog. Now I do.  Yesterday a lot of things happened. Firstly, while waiting for CQ in Woodlands Interchange,I met SL. Now, SL asked me "Why haven't you made up with WQ?". Everybody's asking me this question you know! I really wonder why. Not really. I think WQ told everybody he's no longer angry at me or something.......and now everybody's asking me why I aren't friends with him. I am really confused lor. CQ told me WQ said he preferred we aren't talking, but everybody thinks otherwise. Who is right? Should I get my hopes up high? But one thing for sure, I am not gonna talk. Seriously. Yes, even though i am wrong in screaming at him, he used violence on me, and humilated me in public. That, I cannot tolerate. I hate people using violence on me (then why do you think I am actively against WWF and violent scenes?). It's his fault if you use violence you know. He could have asked nicely, without resorting to violent means. He used violence, then I screamed. Even though I could have not screamed, but I was provoked by violence. See the full story? Sigh! Not that I don't want to be friends, but I refuse to be the one to speak first. Ayiah, see things as they progress along la.   After Phy (ayioh...feel like sleeping, and she assigned us homework) and Bio (I always fail my osmosis experiment!!), we went to Causeway Point to see the cost of ingredients for making SuPing's cake. But first, me and Amanda went to shop for mooncake. So little shops selling snowskin mooncake! We finally went to Bengawan Solo to buy our mini mooncakes. I brought a mini durian snowskin mooncake, while she brought a mini baked lian yong mooncake. We ate a bite of each other's mooncake (and gave Wendy some bites too). We still preferred out own snowskin and baked versions. HaHa!   We brought the cake mix and the Hundreds and Thousands sprinkling thingy there. I paid fully for my part, and so has Wendy. So many people are paying. We are cooking in Yvonne's house on Monday, after our jigsaw fixing! HaHa!I am supposed to bring back the cake mix and spinking thingy. After buying, I went to Wendy's house to do homework (oh! Tuition tomorrow, I mean, today).   There, I completed my Physics and English homework. While doing so, I started reminicising about my friendship with Siva. I think we grew further apart these years. And I am like, very sad about this. These years, I did not interact with her very often. I always leave her for my friends.....and I feel so guilty about it. I really miss the days we walked home together from school. After choir every Sat, we would like go to Shop and Save in 883 and buy bars of chocolates. Then walked around 883. I really miss those days man! Me and Siva were like very close back then. Talk about almost everything in the world! Yep! Hmm... maybe, this is a sign of moving on? No! I certainly don't want to. Me and Siva would always be friends forever. :)  After that, we started talking about our good old days, our primary school days. I learnt quite a lot of things about Wendy...very hilarous! I feel very much like visiting Mr Shah, but I don't know where he's posted to. Hmm...must inquire from friends. Ahhh...the good old days. So much memories.  And hahaha! I keep laughing throughout the day! You see ar, while walking to her block, she was telling me that she's very disheartened, because she didn't recieve a prezzie from her angel. She said it seems like the angel doesn't care about her. Then, at her desk, I rummaged through a file! And guess what? I saw her prezzie from her Angel! I started smiling funnily. There she is, complaining about not receiving a present, and her prezzie is in her file all along! She asked me what I am smiling so crazily about. I told her "your stupidity" and refused to say more. Later on, while walking to 88 with her, I told her why I called her stupid. She was like "Really? HAHA", and she said she never checked her file. that made me wonder how long was the prezzie inside file. HaHa! The present was cute...and original! Never thought of that! Ha!  Okay, I gotta go to her house le.....see ya later tonight, blog! Bye!
    


	 
      Okay...heya! Even the cats meowed. I got lots to tell ya today.   Firstly, I lost my excellent grade you know!! I tell you what happened. While I was walking up the stiars, I met Mrs Chew. She told me, "Kelvin Yip! No chance for you! You lost your chance already. Your choir teachers talked to me. So, you can't get excellent. Never mind la. Very good is good already!" When she told me this, three thoughts came to my mind. First, when she said "No chance for you", I was like thinking "What? What? What did I do?". then she said "Your choir teachers talked to me", I was like "Oh my! Did they tell Chew what i said in my testimonial is wrong?" Then she said "A very good is good already", I knew it was my conduct grade lor. Oh well. I was kinda dissappointed for a while, and went on blaming the choir teachers. But then i realized something. Mrs Chew worked hard to get me an excellent grade. I should be very grateful and thankful to her. And being nominated for excellent is a reconginition. I am very happy liao lor. At least I am being nominated and Mrs Chew is trying to get me get excellent. Yeah! :)  After that, there is this photo-taking thingy for the whole class. Two major events happened. One is the omission of "Kelvin" in my name! Now, that is an insult, to me, to my memory and to my exsistence. I hastened to write my real name down there. But! However! I was stopped by Janet and Shuet Ling (with a few glares and threatens). I didn't get to write my name down. I got damned pissed off. The more I think about it, the more angry I got. They told me to tell the person in charge. I don't want to bother him. What if he glares at me? What if he dismiss me off? Then I will get nothing accomplished. Besides, I got too used to the inefficient administration regarding my name (the only time when it was effective was when Mrs Chua and Mrs Chew helped me to put "kelvin" there in my name for O Level. Thank you, both of you!). I rather do it myself. So, I asked Mrs Chew, who was standing nearby, for a pen. She knew right away I wanted to add "Kelvin". HaHa! And Arman also made changes to his name (or rather. his father's). After I wrote my name, I felt immensely statisfied with myself. For adding Kelvin there, and for "defying Janet's and SL's wishes". Woah! I felt so shuang and happy. The other major event is that during the informal shoot, I rushed down in front of Mrs Chew's and kneeled there. The class was like shouting for KY to go down there in front of Mrs Chew and I thought it sounded like fun! So I rushed down there. And the 4/4 ppl watching applauded and whistled. HaHa! Crazy! I ordered both photos (formal and informal).   Another major event is the history mock exam. That exam took us by surprise! None of our predicted topics came up. Ah Ji and me were like studying the fall of communism topic, but it didn't come up. Neither did Germany. It was a "worst-case scenario" paper. And Jalil said it's a possibility. Ahh! I did the source-based first. It was quite easy la. The topic was the fall of ciommunism. That chapter we studied upon. At least I had lots of background info. For the SEQ, i did the topic on "World War 2 in the Pacific". HaHa! That was quite easy. I studied that yesterday, using the notes and worksheets ( a pathetic few....). Actually, it was only the marking scheme for Mid-Year paper 2003. Mrs Jalil was quite right after all. Study her marking scheme only. Ha! I think I can do well. Definitely above 30. Yeah.   Today is Sabrina's last episode. And in my opinion, it was simply the best! Sabrina was supposedly to be marrying Aaron tofay. She got cold feet, and have a lot of doubts in her. Whether Aaron is her soulmate or not. Their soulstones don't match. Really. While she was making her vows, she said, "I, Sabrina Spellman, agree to marry Aaron, my.....my...my..." She can't say the word "soulmate" out. Both of them had a talk. They agreed to cancel off the wedding, because Sab isn't gonna be happy. She ran out of the church, and met Harvey. Harvey was waiting for her, to get some answers on his soulstone. She ran towards him, and both of them kissed. Their soulstones fell out, and it was a perfect match. Sabrin and Harvey. Everyone came out, and appluaded them. Sabrina went away with Harvey in his bike. This is such a perfect ending (therefore, we doubt there would be further episodes of Sabrina). I always wanted to see Harvey and Sabrina together. This is so sweet, so romantic, and so right! You know, Sabrina has taught me a lot of life lessons. A lot lor. I am really attrached to Sabrina. I will really miss Sab. I really will!    We brought Arman's prezzie today. What a cute jigsaw! I can't wait to assemble it!  And oh yes. I am going to Wendy's tomorrow to teach her A-Maths. I hope I make a good tutor. And I hope she understands. Yeah. That's the most important. Yeah. I am tired now. I gotta go le.....see ya tomrrow, blog! Goodnight! 
    


	 
      Continuing from yesterday's blog entry.....The second major event is that there's a major accusation of me liking Wendy. You see ar. Everytime during recess, I would play a silly game with CQ. I would try to spot Bright in the crowd of street-bandy players (I call him Bright Bright! HAHA! I got this from Amanda, who claled him Bright Bright a lot). Okay, so today, we four were walking in the parade square. I was saying, "Where's he?" CQ spotted him. Yit Hann was going "Where Who?!". WQ was going "That bastard ar?" three times. (Hello lor! As if you are any better!) Anywhere, YH found out who "he" is. Then, they went on talking about the "affair" between me and Wendy. Like I am the third-party. And that I am stupid to be encouraging them all the time. Come on lor! There's nothing between us!! We are just close friends. Why must people always like that one?! Last time happened to me and Siva. Then now it is me and Wendy. Spread rumours everywhere, and making us feel so uncomfortable. Not really uncomfortable, we usually heck care lor. But this is getting so annoying lor. And I am not stupid to be siding them (Wendy and Bright). they are my friends. I side my friends. If you noticed, I sided you too. Even if you may not remember.   Today, I did a "bad" deed. I refused to give up my seat to a woman with a baby on her arms. Why leh? I was like talking about my argumentative compo I did for my mock exam ("Girls are less capable than boys". I naturally disagree. What a nonsense statement! Crazy conventional thinking! Girls are not lousier than boys, okay?!), then they (CQ, WQ and XC) stared at me and said in a low voice, asking me to give up my seat. I panicked lor. I became very flustered. Three pairs of eyes staring at me (possibly 4, the woman standing near me), expecting me to give up my seat. I refused to give up my seat lor. I just don't know why. I just don't want to live up to sudden expectations, just like that lor. So much pressure is placed on me. Not that I am inconsiderate you know. I would give up my seat, provided I know beforehand lor and no pressure is put on me to give up my seat. Seriously ma. I think you would rather do a kind deed when it is up to you to do it lor, and not your friends there expecting and pressurizing you to do it.   Tomorrow, there's A-Maths lesson after History mock exam (which I only studied the worksheets and notes). Ayioh! This is atrocious! After History mock some more leh! One later! That means what? 3.15? And he's gonna end at 4.45. Or later! HOW CAN I WATCH SABRINA IF IT ENDS AT 4.45? And somemore, tomorrw's Sabrina episode is the last episode!! Last eiposde leh! I cannot afford to miss you know! Therefore, I am skipping A-Maths lesson.With Wendy and Amanda. We are buying Arman's present. Yeah! Arman's present come first. And besides, I get to go home early. I do realise, of course, that my friends have a lot to say about this. But this time, I am putting my foot down lor. Friends and Sabrina comes first! Most definitely they do! And I don't think Radha's teaching new things lor. I can afford to skip la. Even cats skip lessons. Me-ow Meow!   I want to discuss something one. But I forgot what it is. Oh well. That's a sign that I am going. Yeah. See ya tomorrow. Goodnight!
    


	 
      Okaty. I better type quick, cause Charmed is showing later. Cannot tun tun tu tu (dawdle) ar!  Okay. Basically. Two major events happened. One is CQ and Amanda getting their prezzies. Amanda got a cool necklace. :)CQ got a bottle of Ice Lemon Tea along with a card of note! That note is of particular interest!! It says something about choir instructor giving us that card (the card accompanied by the note is similar to the one miss choo gave us) , about treasuring friendship. The note's so sweet! Ahh! We guessed it is either a non-choir member, or a choir member pretending to be a non-choir member. With makes the guess useless, since it includes everybody. HaHa! CQ keep guessing it's me, and keeps asking Hann when I was ever out of his sight today (I was with him throughout the day today!). I think it's XX and YY, due to the fact that both of them knows he likes ILT, especially YY. But!! The colour of the words makes it XX. Me and Amanda made a bet. She guessed XX, I guessed YY. We treat each other drinks. If none of our guesses are correct, then we treat CQ drinks. And no, I am not gonna reveal XX and YY. You try asking Amanda lor.   The second major event is that there's a major accusation of me liking Wendy. You see ar. Everytime during recess, I would play a silly game with CQ. I would try to spot Bright in the crowd of street-bandy players (I call him Bright Bright! HAHA!). Okay, so today, we four were walking in the parade square. I was saying, "Where's he?" CQ spotted him. Yit Hann was going "Where Who?!". WQ was going "That bastard ar?" three times. (Hello lor! As if you are any better!) Anywhere, YH found out who "he" is. Then, they went on talking about the "affair" between me and Wendy. Come on lor! There's nothing between us!! AYIOH! I gotta go now! I know that this is a major anti-climax. But I gotta go no!! Charmed's about to show! Bye bye!
    


	 
      Hey hey! It's a meowing day! Okay okay...not really meowing. Let me narrate the day in detail, since I am wasting time waiting for Wendy to call. Or not.  I just realized something. I HAVEN'T PREPARED MY GIFT FOR THE MORTAL YET! You say how!!!! It's very atrocious you know! XC suggested something. I think I am gonna take his advice. Even though it is not my original idea...but hey! I am gonna make it very nice!  Today, YH finally talked to me. Like he became friendly to me and everything lor. I am so glad everything's worked out fine! HaHa! Yeah....kinda. I hope the WQ crisis would end up "happily ever after" (Hey! I learnt it in Sabrina today!).  I got my Bio Practical back. Honestly, it sucks. The only thing that saved me from failing is the theory questions at the back. I almost got full marks (saved for one). And it is ironic that Mrs Chua says the theory questions are the ones that separates the A1 material. Because the theory questions saved my skin. Looks like Jason is right, after all. What good if you are good in theory, but not good in practical? Sigh!!!!   Today, we stayed back to do homework. Actually, I am the only one doing homework. The rest is either revising or being taught. "We" refers to me, XC, CQ, Janet, MeiYing, SL and PeiYing. HaHa! I didn't complete History homework after all. Mainly because Ah Ji persuaded me to do Maths, and do History with him tomorrow dueing MT lesson. But!! He said that he will do tonight! I panicked! I don't wanna do History alone! So, what I did was I completed history just now. Yeah. Feel so guilty now! Ha!! Dunnoe what to do tomorrow la!  Hey! Wendy left me a message in her blog. And here's my reply. Oh look! I have full confidence in you! Don't worry about it, okay? I will try to teach you to the best of my ability. Ayiah....Don't worry lor. What else can I say besides "don't worry lor"? Oh yeah. Good luck to your Prelims? Okay! I stop stressing you out. And I won't get stressed out one la!  Oh yes. My neighbour, the sister of Edmund, wants me to help her print. I refused flat, even though she has to pass up tomorrow. She is always doing this me you know. And she keep saying "Ladt time"! When it is ever gonna be the last time? Why can't she ask her friends to print for her? Why must always depend on me? And she is doing this last minute lor! I hate last minute work lor! So, this actually gives you a lesson not to do last minute work, and don't always depend on your neighbour for help. They are extremely unreliable.  Okay, my eyes are getting blurry. I realize that this is a sucky entry. But oh well. I gotta go sleep now. Goodnight blog!
    


	 
      Hey hey! I just came back from watching Comedy Nite. Yeah. Gao Xiao Xing Dong! So long never play already! The programme is still as funny as ever! Especially the Liang Xi Mei sketch! HaHa!   Alright! First thing first! FFIX updates! So long never update le! Guess I am too busy, huh? Okay....I won the Tetra Master tournament! Surprise Surprise! I sucks at Tetra Mster...didn't expect to win. Okay...I drew the first round, so I get to go again. I won. Pure luck. Then, second round, I won again! Oh my!! I think I am getting the hang of this game. Then, I won the third round, against Erin the Oglop Master. She's easy! HaHa! Anyway, I went to get the Burman Coffee thingy. After that, witnessed few amazing FMVs (like Alexandar protecting the castle...cool!). I get to use Beatrix again! Cool! Now, I am at Lindblum. Yep!  Okay, I downloaded most of the songs in Wendy's notebook. Took about an hour or so! HaHa! They were very nice...very very nice! :) Some of the songs I couldn't download, and Wendy doesn't have....so wait till next time lor.   Okay...what is really interesting is that me and Ben decided to throw away all our Chinese materials. We were originally deciding to throw them into a recycling bin, down at Siva's block. BUT! BUT! It's gone! We have no choice....but to throw parts of them into various rubbish bins scattered around the area (we don't want to congest the bin ma). We were a funny sight. We chose to throw each worksheet by each worksheet, and saying out the names of the worksheet before throwing. We were quite a sight. Two kids were staring at us and laughing. Lots of peopled looked at us. HaHa! We finally completed our work at the rubbish bin down my block (where I threw away my 4B workbook). I gotta admit, it felt...shuang! Great! throwing away signifies the riddance of Chinese in our lives (at least, until A Levels)! YaY!   Okay, then later, I went down to MacDonalds in 768 to get Wendy's ViVi drawing. You gotta admit...her drawing is so nice! ViVi looks so real! Woah! I taped it to my closet doors (where other posters are). Even my brother and Edmund said Wendy's a great artist! Thanks Wendy!  Speaking of that idiotic neighbour! He is so damn qian bian! He comes to our house uninvited (why...he practically flew here after spotting my brother return from movie-seeing!!) and he demands the use of the playstation! Now!! I was playing FFIX that time and I wanted to watch Sabrina. I originally wanted to let him use at 6, after Sabrina. But! he insulted the way I played FFIX (I ran away from 2 and more monsters in a party....For goodness sake! I only had Zidane, and don't have that much patience to wait for the ATB guage to fill up to kill two or more monsters!)! I was so angry at him disrupting my game...so I decided to play FFIX at 6. I told him so when I was watching Sabrina....and he complained and became noisy. NOW! I HATE IT WHEN PEOPLE TALK IN LOUD VOICES WHEN I AM WATCHING TV! I became more determined to use the PS at 6. After all, I live here. He doesn't. He has no rights to use the TV when I want to use. He then told me, "You are as selfish as your mother!" Now!! I am so gonna tell Mom about this! He's afraid of Mom...he never comes when she's home, mainly because she doesn't allow him to play the PS. Dad doesn't mind him at all. Mom is so right in not allowing him! Oh! He is so gonna pay, for disrupting my Sabrina-watching and insulting me and mother!  Okay...I gotta go now. Friends is about to start! See ya tomorrow, blog! Goodnight!
    


	 
      Meowing Friday! Meow meow meow!!  Today leh, only studied Physics (Completed unit on Thermal Physics) and SS (completed Governance). The morning was spent outtta home.  Meow meow!! Haha! Father woke me up today. Ha! It turned out that Mum, who was supposed to wake me, fell asleep. Father said, "If I never woke you all up, when are you gonna sleep until?". Ha! I then bathed, and the three of us went out lor.  Firstly, we went to the market in Marsiling to eat breakfast. Me and Mom ate kueh chap (again!), while Dad ate praqn noodles. Meow meow!! After eating, Mom went to the market to get some things while Dad went to buy 4D. Meow!! They wanted to buy some shorts for brother, but they didn't in the end. All the shorts my brother hates, according to them.  Next, we went to Sheng Shiong in Woodlands Central. Woah!! The reception there is so lousy!! Because I am "chatting" with XC and WQ via SMS, it was very vexing to see most of my messages cna't be sent, and I have to run outside to send SMS. Ergh!!! I am 'perpetually vexed'!Anyway, we brought a lot of household goods. Me-ow meow!! After Sheng Shiong, we set off towards Guan Xiang Chye in Geylang. Mother wants to get some vinegar and cooking supplies.   En route, I looked at Sheng Shiong's reciept. I noticed hor, they liked to charge things to some weird figures (like $1.44). Why they want to charge in $0.01 prices? 1 cent coins are no longer in circulation le ma. Mother told me, if the cent is below $0.05, the shops will round down to nearest 10 cent. If it is above $0.05, shops would round down to nearest $0.05, instead of rounding up to $0.10. Mother shoudl know. She works as a cashier Strange leh! Either way, the shop lose money. Mother say if they round up, the customer pays for extra. Meow!! This reminds me of the time shops used to charge things $1.99, and call them cheap. Hello! This is practially $2!! Cheap meh? I think they deliberately do that to make the product look cheapter, becuase the '1' figure looks smaller than '2'. Stupid really! You might as well be paying $2 for a $1.99 goods. I would always scoff at the $1.99 prices. Meow!!   Okay...we arrived at Guan Xiang Chye. Mother brought vinegar, some flour and dunnoe what items there. Meow meow!! We left the place at 12. We then arrived home at 12.30.   That brother ar! Came home so late! I was so hungry you know!! Meow meow!! Went back to Woodlands Central to eat lunch. So nice, the yi mee! Okay okay....came back and called WQ over. He's studying SS with me today.  Yeah...he came at 3!! So late that idiot!! He came here and studied Substainable Development. He asked me questions on how to explain and link factors to the topic. I tried my best to make him understand. I also studied my SS and Physics while he's there. Meow meow!! He's very kaypoh. And I wonder what will he think today about my house? Very noisy? HaHa! The door keep banging when I close it. And it was so loud he had to close his ear everytime I shut the door. Meow meow! After studying, he came online lor. Meow!!  Okay....after that, surfed more internet while parents buy dinner back. Ate dinner and watched TV, then came online. I think I stop writing le la. Survivor's almost showing, don't wanna miss it. See ya tomorrow! Bye blog!
    


	 
      Oh meow meow!! Thursday. A day full of exciting, adrenaline-filled events.  Okay...Revision Update. I completed an E-Maths chapter (Geometry), a SS chatper (People: Our Only Resource) and completed the Physics Unit of Electricty (Magnetism and Electromagnet). I found that hor, I am very early in my revision. Later hor, I will have nothing to revise come the days before the subject's exam! Woah!!   Okay...the main attraction of the day lies in the afternoon. I am meeting XC, Mel, HuiMin and Ben in the library to study together. I said I won't come until I studied my SS and E-Maths. I did them in the morning, so I went there lor.  I went to the library to try to find HuiMin first. Woah!! I cannot find her. Searched everywhere. Later, at 2nd floor, she spotted me. Meow meow!! We then called Melvin, who said will be coming. So, we went to the chair and started first. I was looking at the problems in my A-Maths TYS when Melvin messaged, asking us to go down to BK to eat. We go down lor.  At BK, we chatted a bit. We are trying to spot XC. After a while, he came and we all came running outside telling him to go BK. Meow meow!! Today's Chem Prac was easy. His titration was very accurate and he got full marks for QA. Ayiah! Overall full marks lor! Meow meow!! After that, we ate lor. I brought a drink (using XC's money).  After that, we chatted, then started doing revision. Ben then joined us. We then studied and studied. I studied the Physic chatpers lor. All thanks to Wendy's Longman book. I finally understood magnetism!! Before long, Ben wanted to move up to the cinema. There are tables there.   We moved up there lor. Thern, we brought popcorn so we won't get chased out. I owed XC money again. I completed the Physics chapters!! Then, HuiMin said she wanted to watch The Park, a scary movie. I was very reluctant, because today got tutition ma. I called home to lie about doing homework and returning at 7. XC said I lie without batting my eyelids. Meow!! Then, Father called. He said to cancel if I am to come home that late. So I cancelled my tutition lor. Besides, I feel confident already. Alright. Once that is done, we go buy tiks. They also gave us 3D glasses. Oh. A 3D movie.  Woah!! I was quite nervous you know! My first time watching horror movies. Meow meow!! First scene already so scary le. I felt like going out and don't watch le. My heart kept thumping away. Adrenaline keep rushing through my body (ahh! Niow I know what to write for the effects of adrenaline....if that qns ever does come out!). Woah lao!! Every scary scene is so darn scary. I could have a heart attack any minute you know! My fingers were constantly in my ear, and it went deeper as scary scenes come out. Meow meow!! The scenes are still stuck in my memory!! Ayiah!! How!!!! But the ending is nice. It's touching!  Came back at 7.15, bathed, ate and came online. Better end this. WQ!! I finished writing le ha!! Gimme the address now!! See ya tomorrow. Night blog!
    


	 
      Meow meow! My whole room is in a mess! I broke my bed trying to move it and my father's fixing it back. Meow meow!  Okay. Revision update. I completed an E-Maths chapter (Statistics), an A-Maths chapter (Simultaneous Equations) and 3 Physics chatpers (Electricity). Me-ow meow! At least it is better than some other days.   Okie...today I went out to eat breakfast with Mother. I ate laksa. We then went to the Shop N Save (after buying Eight Days). I read Eight Days while follwing her walk around Shop N Save checking out new prices and codes for fruits and veggies. Meow meow! We came back at 9.30. Then, I got distracted! I started reading the Charmed book (Gypsy Enchantment) and read and read nons-top for 1 hour until the end of the book. So enchanting! Woah!! I wanna find out is Ivan really terrible. Gypsy magick galore!  Ayiah...I got study la...Study study study until 12. Me and Mother went to 768 to eat kuay chap. Then, we met my brother, who went to MacDonald's to eat.  Came back. Yada yada Yada. Studied Studied Studied, with minor interruptions here and there as the family is asking me advice for which course to choose (my brother's going to Sec 3 next year).   I stopped studying at 4.45. I came online and relaxed la. Meow meow meow until now lor. And today wor! Ying TianCheng died!! He finally died! Hurray! YaY!!! Meow meow meow!! I have also printed the O level schedule! Its looks more organized and neater, and more pleasing to the eye. Me-ow meow!!   I gotta go now. See ya tomorrow. Night blog!
    


	 
      Meow!! Tuesday befalls on us like raining cats and ducks.  Okay. I studied an E-Maths chapter (Geometry), a Bio chapter (Plant Nutrition) and two Physics chapters (Radioactivity). Meow!!! Hmm...good work!  Okay...after studying these chapters in the morning, I went online to wait for the return of Father. We are going out today afternoon ma. Meow meow meow!! I mainly checked my mail and read forums.  Father came back at 11, and we went off. First, my mom went to Ang Mo Kio to buy incense and other peripherals for praying. Stocking up, supplies were low. Then, we went to Balestier Road to eat the chicken rice from some famous store.  Woah! The rice taste super! Oh! The chicken meat too!! Sumptous! So tender and smooth! The chicken parts...hmm!! The fish head in some sauce is nice too! And you know what? While eating, we saw some celebrities walked past. Jack Neo, Mark Lee and the Chen Jianbing. The actors from the Comedy Night lor. Woah! Everyone was staring at them as they walked past. Me-ow meow!   After the fulling lunch, we went to the Popular in Toa Payoh. I wanted to buy a SS assessment guide. Ayiah! They don't stock it there. But, I found a great find! Charmed story books! Lots and lots of them! YaY!! I got three books! Date With Death, Gypsy Enchantment and Between Worlds (the one which I wanted yesterday! YaY!!). Meow meow meow!  Then, my parents fetched my brother home. We (the three of us) went to Causeway Point to check out the Popular for my book. The parents went to deal with their CPF whatsoever, and I went to Popular.  As again, nothing. Sigh! My luck! While waiting for my parents to come up after their CPF business, I read the SAT and PSAT guide book. Woah! The English section is damn easy man! All primary school stuff! Meow meow meow! I had so much fun doing the exercises.   Okay..after a while parents came. We went to Courts to pay bills. I brought a CD-holder there! So cute and innovative! We then went to Shell to pump diesel, then returned home. I played a couple of games before going to eat dinner.  We ate dinner at 768. Then, I went home to watch Holland V. Woah! Today Su Hao told LingLing his feelings towards her. So sweet! LingLing rejected...because she's not ready. Please be ready!! Everybody wants them together! And hor, hahaha!! Good for LingLing! She kicked TianCheng in the face! YaY!! And tomorrow, Ying TianCheng is gonna die by being struck by lightning. I thought he's gonna drown. Whatever. He dies! YaY! AFter that, watch TV lor.  I gotta go le la. See ya tomorrow. Night blog. 
    


	 
      Meow meow!! Today's Monday. Yeah. How...deary.  Today leh, I only managed to study one a-maths chapter (Indices and Surds) and a Physics chapter (Energy and Power). Meow meow meow!! Feel so guilty...and tomorrow morning going out with family. HaHa!  Okay...today, me, Hann and Wendy are supposed to go Guan Ying Temple to pray for O Level Success lor. But first, let me narrate the day's happenings. Okay, I woke up at 9 (i was woken by by the sounds of the vacuum, but I fell asleep after that). Then, I took a bath and ate breakfast.  After that, I watched Friday's Holland V episode. HaHaHa!! The JingJing got a very accurate mouth "He (Ying TianCheng) will drown in sea!" !!! HaHaHA!! I wan to see how JingJing and the family will react when they heard the news man! I also ate my lunch (noodles).  Then, I studied the Physics chapter, then went online. At 12, I prepared myself to go outside lor. I went out of the house at 12.25.  I met Wendy at Admiralty MRT. We milled around Popular for a while, then hopped onto the train towards Sembawang. We waited for the late Yit Hann till 1.15 or so. Haiz. So late. We saw a lot of interesting couples riding up the escalators. People nowadays are getting more daring while riding escalators. I saw a woman rubbing her boyfriend's butt. She caught me looking and immediately stopped! HAHAHA! Then, I saw another couple. The male was biting (lovebites?) his girl's shoulders. People are really getting more daring. Wendy said I am very kaypoh. Ha!  Okay, after Hann arrived, we hopped into the south-bound train towards City Hall. I mainly read my book I brought along (Charlotte's Web). It's a very good book! I admire Charlotte's loyalty for a friend and her selflessness. Meow meow!! Wendy and Hann asked each other SS questions. They said hor, I am very abosrbed into my book. Yeah what. Reading should be absorbing ma. After reaching City Hall, we board the east-bound train towards Bugis, which is only a stop away.  At bugis, I showed them the "prostitute house" I saw last time. They even have sign saying "If you want 2 do that, please call 9------". See!! Prostitute house indeed! Okay...the main attraction was not the brothel. We went to GuanYin Temple. Okay, we took incense and prayed lor. We first prayed to the skies, then to the GuanYin in the temple, then put our incense. We then went in, prayed some more and donated money. I took sweets for us (blessef by the goddess). I prayed for blessigns and success at O Levels, and also peace for everybody. That's it, yeah. I felt happy. Meow meow!!  We went back at around 2.30. Hann slept on the journey back. I read my book and Wendy studied SS. We and Wendy alighted at Admiratly and shopped around Popular! Woah lao! I am so heartbroken! I don't have enough money to buy the latest Charmed book!!!! Wendy refused to lend me money! You say how! I say hor, by tomorrow, the books will be sold out. Only 2 of them you know!!! I am so heartbroken!  Okay....reached home at 4. I bathed and then studied Maths lor. After studying, I rewarded myself with playing a GunBound game. Meow meow! I went to eat dinner at 6, reaching home at 6.45 to watch Holland V. Father brought durians! Yum!!!  Today's Holland V episode was nice! Family reunion! So heartwarming. YanYan finally forgave her family! That's so cool! After that, I watch Comedy Nite and came online.  I giotta go le. I wanna watch 'Are You Hot'. Ooh boy! I love seeing contestants getting critisized. Meow meow! See ya tomorrow. Night blog! 
    


	 
      Hey hey! I am back again, with today's news.  I went to the Evergreen Sec's meeting with the parents of Sec 2 pupils. I wanted to go there to ask why isn't History offered as a subject combination along with SS. I can't wait to see what pathetique excuses they can come up with. So, I woke up at 6.30, in order to reach there by 7.45.  Okay, we reached there at around 7.35. So early. We sat around (I was being insulted by my brother's friends. Meow!!) and then, at 7.45, the parents went up. Okay. You know what? My stuipid brother told us to come at 7.45, but parents are to be seated at 8.15. What a waste of time. I am gonna kill him. We sat a friend of my mom, who is also the mother of my brother's friends. They made small talk while I listened. And hor, I see no mikes being set up near the audience? Does that mean we cannot ask question? How could they!  At 8.15, the kids came in. Then, they played useless promotional videos for us to see. Stupid, really. Play for us for what? The prinicpal, Mrs Mary Koh, came to talk to us at 8.35.  She's a terrible speaker. She speaks so slow and she seems so unsure of what's she speaking. Oh god! I could have died of boredom from listening to her! Firstly, while introducing the Humanities subjects, she said the school does not offer History. Okay..... Then, next, when introducing the class list, she said again, "We do not have SS/History". DUHZ! We already established that fact long ago! A big mistake she made when introducing SS "It's about the history of Singapore" NONSENSE!!! Ayioh! She doesn't even know what she's saying! Oh god! I critisized her every speech. I think the people in front got sick of my complaints. HaHaHa!  Then, it's time for an external speaker to come talk about improving communications with parents and children. He got some points about parents only see the bad sides of their kids and focussing on them isntead of the good sides. Quite true! Then, i fell asleep for the rest of the speech. Ergh! After the speech, everybody was releashed. The dunnoe-who Mr Tan kept encouraging people to go to the PCCG corner to look at JCs and Polys and ITE courses. So annoying. Repeat that to every class!   Well, we went to the PCCG corner. So little people! And I was being recorded down you know...for reading the stupid leaflet the school gave my brother. So embarrassing! After that, me and mom went to the canteen to eat some refrehsments. We ate the what ar...chicken drumsticks, satay, pineapple tart and drank some drinks la. Hmmm! Not bad, the chicken wings. Taste nice too!  We returned home at 10.15. I watched some cartoons and came online lor. As you know, I went offline at 12 something to eat lunch. Then, I went to Wendy's house.  HaHa! I managed to complete two SS chatpers. The Singapore industrial restructuring one....sucks! Don't understand at all! Sigh!! I introed Wendy to the divination game we played. HaHa! She refused to tell me who it is, but she told Lassie. So, what I did was to tell Lassie "I give you a list of names. If it's the person, you bark, okay?". I gave a few names, and Lassie didn't bark. But!! HAHAHA! I tried another peron's name (whom I suspected of course). I shouted the name while jumping around the living room. Lassie barked (she don't like loud noises and people moving fast!). HAHAHA!! Good dog, Lassie! Qi shi Wendy! HaHa!! Then, we discussed about more issues. HaHa! I fell alsleep at the living room watching Wendy and her mom play a PS game. So embarassing! When I woke up, her mother said "Good morning!". HaHa!!   I left at 5.50 and went home. Reaching home at 6, I bathed and watched shows. Speaking of bathing, yesterday and today, I suffered soap attacks on my eye! Yesterday, a spurt of soap hit my right eye. Woah! So painful! Then today morning, another spray of soap hit my left eye! Now, I don't believe in coincidences. I believe I am being sent a message. To clear my vision? To clean my vision? Of what? I must dwell on this further!   I think I shall end here le. See ya tomorrow! Night blog!
    


	 
      Heya! Woah woah woah! Sorry for not blogging yesterday. There's no time, really. So, in this blog, I will write what happened yesterday.  Yesterday, I, along with the other music students, went out for enjoyment. HaHa! Actually, I was very apprehensive on going, but due to Ben's and XC's invitation, I went lor. Ayiah....last day to relax le ma. Who went ar? Me, Mel, XC, Ben, EeChuang, JiaHui and HuiMin. Yeah.  First, we met at Woodlands MRT Station at 12.  Me and Ben went there and met XC, then we went to Burger King to eat la. I drank Pepsi there lor. After that, we met the rest at Woodlands MRT. Then, we proceeded towards Mel's house.  EC and Mel are gonna practise there, then Ben is gonna depart to Mr Low's house for practicals. After that, we are going to bowl. Okay...Mel has a lot of birds!! He even got a peahen (who kept squawking all day long). Oh oh! Let's not forget the fishes! He got so many fishes...3 luohans and so many more. HaHa! One of the luohan and another white fish were fighting. At first hor, we thought they were kissing (lip to lip ma)...then we realized that the luohan is biting the lip of the white fish. HaHaHa!! The two fishes keep fighting each other. After watching fishes and hearing performances, it's time for lunch! They brought two cans of chicken soup and we heated it....woah! Quite nice leh!   After eating, we decided to play daidee. HaHa! That Benjamin got 'cursed' by Mel! He lost the game and I entered. I didn't win la. I got so good cards you know! I can't bear to use them!! But nobody wants to use 5-cards combinations!! Or else, I can easily win the meow meow game! After watching a few games, Ben and HuiMin left for Mr Low's house. We played another game. It's a kinda-divination game, where it tells you in what placing are you in in your lover's hearts. Only the girls and Mel played. Me and XC just watched. HaHa!!! After that, we played Cheat. I ended up taking one big pile of cards, just because I dunnoe how to cheat. HaHa!! But I got almost every card in my hands. A-ha! They can't cheat so easily. EC got out firist, leaving me, Mel and XC. We were like neever ending, keep pushing cards towards one another. After 15 minutes of that, we decided to give up le. Then, Mel and EC practised one more time, and Mel went to bath. I tell you ar! I dunne what happened you know! My nose suddenly bled! Oh meow meow!! Did I mention my nose bled on Thursday too? Ergh! What's wrong with me?  We went out of Mel's house to meet with HM and Ben in Marsiling MRT. We went to buy bubble tea when waiting for the two late-comers (who were watching WanXin's video in Mr Low's house. HaHa! XC they all said it was a striptease and mentioned something about LB). We met with Ben and HM n Marsiling later on, and took the train to CCK station. Woah! While waiting for the train, my nose bled again! I tried to control the blood from running out......Ha! We took the train to CCK, then took the LRT to Bukit Panjang. My frist time riding the LRT leh. So cool. They even fogged up the windows when the LRT came near HDB blocks (to protect the privacy of the residents la). Coolies!  We alighted at BP station and walked towards the shopping complex. On the way, we discussed XC's 9 concubines and a porcupine. Even the bigot cat practises bigamy!! Meow!! When we arrived at the bowling centre, guess what? It was full! They wrote my name down on the waiting list, then we went down to eat at KFC. Due to the lack of cash, I only ate fries there (to conserve money for games). Ben even called his god-brother to come sponsor him money. Woah!! We discussed so many issues there. Like Charmed. Mel and I are Charmed fans! Meow meow!!   We went up again, but then, the bowling alley is booked for tounament. Sigh!! No bowling today! Ben's godbrother arrived and gave him $50. Woah!! The whole gang made him pay for a NeoPrint. We then left BP Complex and went to Causeway Point to take NeoPrints. On the bus leh, everybody discussed American Idol. About Simon Conwell, Kelly Clarkson and so many cats!   Oh yeah! We took Neoprints there. The first pic was sponsored by Benjamin. Woah!! Meow meow!! We decided to take another pic. This time, we made the girls wear costume. HuiMin wore a kimono, EC a sailor's costume and JiaHui a Santa outfit. Me-ow meow! We took pics again! Meow!! Before returning home, we went down to Basement 1 to drink bubble tea. I drank Honeydew Milk Tea. After that, me and Ben took 913 back home.  I watched Survivor! There was actually talk of voting Rupert out (Drake lost agian! Sigh sigh Sigh!). Oh my god! This cnanot be. The who ar, Trish and Jon wanted to vote for Rupert. Luckily, Sandra and Chista, being loyal to Rupert, told him about the secret plan. He then went on to planned to vote Trish out. At the Tribal Council, it was quite touching. Rupert felt betrayed by his own tribe (the idiot half of it). When Sandra described who's she gonna vote, I thought it was Jon! And this time, they showed us everybody's votes. Woah!! But they didn't show Shawn's. He the deciding vote between voting Trish out or creating a tie between Rupert and Trish. Woah! In the end, Trish got voted out! Meow meow!! Plot against Rupert some more la! And the bastard Jon better watch out! Who I think should be Sole Survivor? Either Rupert or Andrew Savage. Yeperino! :)  AlrighT! I gotta go eat lunch. See ya tonight, blog! Byes!!
    


	 
      Hey hey! Oh yeah! Charmed was great last night! Demon-vanquishing cats!  Today leh, we had English. I am quite sick of doing compre and compos, if you ask me. HaHa! The Part 2 must include interviews. I wrote about Takeshi Kanashiro lost a 1-billion-yen in the earthquake. HaHaHa!! Lame KY... Then, Mrs Thong told us lots of stories the students wrote. One particularly funny one is that one student wrote himself as a horse (under the title "disappointment"). He fell in love with a female horse and "can't wait for the mating season!" Then, when the mating season came, he went into the female stable and saw his horsey-friend doing "it" to her! He felt dissappointed that he cna't mate with the female horse. OH MY GOD!! Such a story also can!! No wonder Mrs Thong failed him. Meow meow!!   After English, I had SS and History. Meow meow! I did okay for both papers, totalling a total of 76 points! Me-ow meow! My essay for SS was printed you know!! So proud of myself! Mrs Jaili said I explained and evaluated the factors very well! O.O!! Meow meow!   I didn't study anything you know! I came back today too tired. I did some exercises on excretion, but that's not really studying, because I studied the chapter already. Felt so suilty you know. And tomorrow I am having my final day of relaxation with Ben, XC they all. See la. No studying. Meow!!!  Hmm...I promised you I would continue my yesterday's blog hor? WQ came over to my house today. Took a hell of a time for him to get here. Meow!! We then studied lor. I studied 5 chapters of Physics. Woo-hoo! WQ later told CQ that he thought about food all the time while in my house. He saw that my kitchen was well-stocked with food (instant noodles, ice-cream, snacks). Like we are preparing for some war. No la where got! Parents always buy in bulk one ma. And you don't know the horrible consumption of my family towards instant noodles. We finish them fast. HaHa! And hor, he told me he ate le. Around 4 something, he then come and tell me he wants to eat, because he hasn't eaten anything yet. I don't want to cook for him because it;s too late le. Father's gonna be back soon and later have ot go out to eat dinner. See la. Lie some more. :P Next time ar, don't lie to me about things like that hor. Crazy cat! I think he's just scared of my mother la. Crazy cat!!! Meow meow! He left at 5.30 la.   While eating at 768, I met 510 ex-owners. Lararine and her family. Meow meow!! Long time no see le!   Woah! I tell you ar! I felt so happy when I read 8 Days. Ying TianCheng is gonna die!! YaY!!!!!! He drowned while trying to look at naked women swimming! Retribution! YaY!! Meow meow! So happy man!  I am logging off le. See ya tomorrow! Night blog!
    


	 
      Hey hey! Surprised to see moi? HaHa! There's no tuition today, so I can come online and write blog. Meow meow!  Today we had English (and tomorrow too!). I was very pissed in the morning. These two days are actually quite a wastage of time (no offense to Mrs Thong.....but seriously!). I could have used the morning time to study you know! I find that I am seriously lacking of time!! I only study in the morning and afternoon. That's all. Give up night to study? No way man! I already made a lot of sacrifices!! Thereore, I am irked by the fact that I have to come back in school in the morning for both days. Meow!!  Hmm..English today is not bad la. I scored a surprising 31 marks in the compre. I think I let my guard down too much when it comes to easy papers. HaHa! Okay....meow meow! I went back home at around 2pm. I want to rush home to start revison!   Chan le la! I got stomach cramps...why do they always do this to me now? Gtg le...see ya tomorrow. Night!
    


	 
      Meow meow!! So many interesting things happened today!   Today's my Bio Prac O level exam la. Woah! I am in 3rd shift man! Which means I can wake up at 8....HaHa! At 8 leh, my friends are preparing to go school le (for some, started their prac!). And I just woke up only! Muahahahaha! So shuang ar!! I want to take taxi one...but in the end, I decided to take bus (what a sorry decision! I shoulda took a taxi! tell ya why later!). So, before going, I studied another 2 chapters of Bio (and another chapter on the bus. I fianlly understood ultrafiltration!). I stepped out of the house at 10.10am.  Woah! I walked to the 913 busstop. See quite a number of people holding Bio textbooks. Ahh! Their surname must have started along the letters of W, X, Y or Z. We are always the last ones! I see them holding notes to study. I didn't see any practical workbook. I think our school is one the rare ones to order prac workbook fro students! Okay okay....took 913 bus and arrived at the interhchange at around 10.25. Woah! Wait for the 962 bus for 15 minutes! So horrible! I thought I am gonna end up late! A very unfortunate event happened on the bus (which makes me regret NOT taking a taxi). You see ar, a large group of people came up the bus in the bustop opposite Sembawang MRT. Two seconda later, I detected a very pungent smell. A smell of faeces, actually. Woah! The smell grew by the seconds. And my stop is a torturous 3-stops away! I felt like gagging...but I decided to tolerate and just hold my nose. I suspect it's coming from an elderly man, who is standing quite near me. When my stop is coming, I decided to move to the rear door. The smell weakened, but it's still there (which proves my guess correct!). Woah! Everybody on the bus was holding their noses...buay tahan! When it's my stop, everybody rushed down man! Woah lao! I shoulda taken a taxi to school!  I arrived at school and went into the art room. All my three friends were there already. Woah! There were notes on the board, so we went through lor. Mdm Ho came in and explained everything on the board to us. She then sat down with the 4 of us and discussed la. Not about bio though! HaHa! We talked about Prom Night (ahh!! Wendy die le...MdmdHo say got. No la Wendy! No need tio fulfil your promise la! Just joking with you only la!), about JCs and so many things. Me-ow meow!   At 11.50, she led us up to the Bio Lab. Woah! I see the lab tables quite empty one leh. So little specimens! When the exam started, I flipped through the exam paper. It's very unexpected lor! So little experiments and so many theory questions! Such a dissappointment. Under strict regulations, I am not supposed to moan about my maths skill. So, I won't. There are a lot of maths calculation. Yeah. There's an expeiment we've done before. The holding leaf under water one. Woah! I just recorded what I remembered from Chua. HaHa! In the end, everybody said it was easy. Ha! I just felt dissappointed lor. Dunnoe from what. Being too easy that I made a lot of mistakes? Or tough maths questions? I am such a crazy cat.  I went up to class to take some worksheets and meet my friends. In the end, me, WQ, Janet, Gloria and Chun went to KFC. Me and WQ shared a meal. Chun kindly offered to change my coleshaw. So good! Must smile at her more often!   Eat eat until 3. Arrived home at around 3.30. Then, I bathed until 3.55. I then hem-hawed for a while, dunnoe whether to do a-maths or SS. I decided on A-Maths in the end (I am quite confident of SS....Last Friday I didn't study...but I found the test quite easy....or issit because I've done the test already?). I studied the chapter on Co-ordinate Geometry. I did problems that covered almost the entire syllabus. Meow!! I did problems until what? 5.45? Then, I called WQ and chatted with him till 6.30. Chat chat chat.   I ate dinner (yummy yummy frog legs!), watched Holland V, PCK and Lydia and came online. Ah!! I am very short of time revising. Going back to school on Wed and Thurs and wasting time doesn't help. Sigh!! I wonder if I can finish revising Physics, E-Maths and SS by 3rd Nov. I hope so!   I think I stop blogging le. See ya tomorrow (or not...since tomorrow's Charmed day).Night blog!
    


	 
      KY: Me, duhz! C: Conscience (mine conscience of course!)   KY: Ayioh! What an eventful day today is!  S: Of course you would say that! What did you do today, huh?  KY: Study lor......went out lor.....  C: And? Not all study and going out or!   KY: Ayiah...play a bit of games lor!  C: Kelvin Yip! As an O Level cat, you must NOT get distracted! Study is very imp--  KY: Yes yes, I know I know! But the advice in Straits Times said to take breaks ma...so I took breaks in between studying lor.  C: That's no excuse, KY! Alright, what did you study today?  KY: Er, well. I studied 2 chapters of Bio (2nd and 3rd la). Then leh, I completed the theme of Conflict and Co-operation in SS lor. I made notes and everything. Mostly, I copied from notes and added a bit of my own from the SEQ essays I wrote. Then, I did half of Deyi Sec's Maths Paper 1 lor.  C: What? So little? Like that call study ar?  KY: Well, it's very miraculous okay. Normally, I don't even study. In fact, I don't even know how to lor. I never studied before lor. All mostly last-minute revision. So this time, being able to really study gives me a sense of satisfaction. Besides, I completed one theme. Two more themes to go! I think I do this everyday la. Study at least few chapters from diff subjects, so I can cover all bases before the Os.   C: Hmm.....at least you are planning well. But remember, less time on games. In fact, try not to play them at all. Later you get distracted and waste time playing games. Take breaks can la. Go walk around, take something to eat la....    just try not to play games. Leave relaxation at night, okay? I am your conscience after all. I am rebuking you (or    rather, you are rebuking yourself). Must wake up!! Cannot lose valuable time!  KY: Yes yes, I know! So addictive, the games. Oh yeah... lets not talk about studying. So sian that topic! So many people went to school you know! I am like very extra like that. What to do? Parents want to bring me see doctor. And I said yesterday, don't like being tied down.  C: Oh! You know, you had your conversation with CQ just know hor. I know you feel very angry now.  KY: HA! I detest Lai Yit Hann!   C: Detest? Surely it's not that serious. You are just tired of the 'bullying' and wish it would stop, right?  KY: Yeah...which normal cat won't feel angry you tell me? He keeps telling everyone I am gay you know! Spread to the world world every opportunity he got. I really want Piper's power and blow him right there and then. It's getting really old now, that joke. He wants to rest of the world to see I am a gay then he would stop right? I am NOT a gay lor! How many times must I put that idea across? I wish it would stop! I WISH IT WOULD STOP!  C: You know it won't. Bullying never stops. Wendy's right you know. It's hard to stop bullying people once you get started. It can stop, but not unless one party is hurt majorly.  KY: Ya know, I feel like blowing up in his face. I know it won't work, but I really want to do that. How can I let him see that he is being very overboard? It's not my fault if I sit the way I sit, or place my hands the way I place. It's me...I have been doing this for god-knows-when. I don't even do it deliberately! Just natural....ya know. How can he be so superficial and judge people by their cover?   C: Of course I do. I am your conscience. Being your conscience, you know I will huant you if you actually do anything to Hann. You still treat him as your friend, you know, despite the constant 'bullying' and your threatenings to vanquish him.   KY: I am very tired of this lor. I wish it would stop....So depressing the topic!  C: Then don't talk about it now la. Okay...I wanna hear your views on Bio Prac.   KY: Me? I didn't really revise la. Just you know, flip through and tried drawing. All I did yesterday at Wendy's house are revision to me. Hmm...I somehow feel it's not enough to let me pass....just have this insecurity in me.  However, I do feel confident...I am such a strange person.  C: you are just one confused cat. I know you can do it, KY! Just revise again tomorrow. You will be fine la. Go for it!  KY: Thanks! Okay, you know what? I think I stop talking to myself le. So...weird! Ha! I gotta go now. See ya tomorrow. Night blog! 
    


	 
      Meow meow!! It's Sun-meow-day!  Hmmm..I woke up at 8.30. After bathing, I watched TV lor. Yeah. I always find it very rushing on Sunday. I always read the Sunday Times...read almost the whole paper (except classified), after which read The New Paper on Sunday. I have to complete reading before 11. HaHa!   Then, at 11, I did the same old thing of alternating between watching Huan Zhu Ge Ge and surfing the Net. Ha! I finally settled down to watch Huan Zhu Ge Ge at 12.45, whenh I eat my lunch. Ji called and ask about SS. Me-ow meow!  I went to Wendy's house to study for my Bio Prac. I wore a new shirt there....those sports shirt with extra long sleeve until the elbow. Mother brought for Brother some time back when she brought bed-sheets in John Little. He didn't want, so I took it. Wendy said I looked quite nice. She also thought that shirt was a hand-me-down. No la where got! We studied for about two hours or so, then we chatted. Chatted about chalet ar, about so many other things (which means confidential info). After that, me and Wendy made instant noodles for ourselves. Woah! I sweated so much. HaHa! Then, I watched Rainbow Brite the movie with Wendy. What a cute cartoon! Loved the story. HaHa!! After that, went back into the room to talk some more la.  I ate dinner (chicken rice) with them in 888. Yvonne reportedly saw me with Wendy whilst walking out of the food court! HaHa! Cool! After that went home and came online lor.   Ayiah! Tomorrow a lot of people go back to shcool you know! I am the only one that's not going. Ayiah. I feel very happy you know. Finally leh. can get break from school. From attending school lessons. I felt free. And now by going back, I am being tied back down again. So...restrictive. I hate it. HMM!  Okay! I am very vexed at messenger! Darn them! I think I go liao la. See ya tomorrow. Night blog! 
    


	 
      Heya! What an eventful day!   Today, we went to Pioneer Junior College to tour their Open House. Meow meow! I met Gloria and HuiLing at 8.30+ and we went to meet SL, CQ, ChaoJian, ChinKang, Hann, PeiYing, WQ and Joyce. Meow meow!! We took the MRT to CCK station. Oh yes, I read Today's newspaper in the train.  We took some bus there. We alighted at some stop, and while approaching the school, we were like very scared. We see that we are the only ones that arrived this early (9.45am). Then, we saw the reception. We just stood around there looking like dummies. Then, someone called us over, and offered us goodie bags. Nobody dared to take, and they push me towards the tables lor. so, I took the goodie bag and everyone followed suit. Meow meow!! We then walked and walked....we went into a tutorial classroom...quite cool. It was a GP classroom. I spotted some worksheets and stole them to let everyone see. They were very shocked at the difficulty of it. HaHa!   We went up to the hall (The Althing). There were various CCA booths there. There, we met many Riversidians. HaHa! Woah! Riverside in full-force ar! Then, a council member took us around to tour PJC. His name was Sheng Qiang. We toured the hall, then the canteen booths. Many booths were quite fun, actually. I don't agree with the rugby booth. So violent, the game! And the players actually enjoy being violent. Oh my. Most of the booths were nice. Yep! After touring, SQ persuaded us to take part in thw quiz. We can win a moutain bike if our ticket was chosen. And hahaha. The photographer keep shooting us. PeiYing tried to avoid him, but was "caught" in the end. HaHa!! I will look out for our photos in the website, I think.   After filling in our forms, we went to the art society to go into the "Huanted Room". Ticket entrance was 50 cents. Ayiah...never mind la. After that, we walked around to wait for the queue. Then, we came back again. Me, Amanda, PY, Clar and Ping joined went in first. Woah! The room was not so scary. HaHa!! Seriously. We kept laughing and laughing. The entire room was dark. There were people lining up along the sides, touching us, giving the "creepy" feeling. So meowful! Then, I saw a female posting like a sadako thingy. Quite realistic wor! Long long hair in a white robe, sitting behind incense and stuff, with red crepe paper hanging down from the ceiling. Quite real leh! HaHa! After that, we came out. Amanda said it was so funny. Then, we waited for the rest to finish their tour and go for their turn (they didn't spot us...sigh!! lousy la! We were at the study area....they looked in our direction, but didn't see us. HaHA!). After everyone completed the huanted house thingy, they were laughing away. Hann even wanted to go back again to throw coins at the people. We are so bad! HAHA!   After that, we waited for about an hour to see the lucky draw. Meow meow!! At the lucky draw, woah!! Everybody was waiting to see the prize. The consolation prize was a football signed by the principal. Give me also dun wnat....no interest in football whatsoever! HaHA! Then, the number was mountain bike was drawn. It was 087. Ay-err! Mine was 256. BUT BUT!! WQ won the bike! Oh my god! I can't believe he's so lucky! HaHa!! How meowful! Woah!! And SQ was so happy about it. After all, he persuaded us to join! :) WQ had to call his Dad to bring him and his bike home. HaHa! Then, we went to Lot 1 to have lunch (I ate mian fen guo). Then, I went to Wendy's house with intention to study Bio.  HaHa! I found that I have no mood to study after all. I was too excited about PJC after all. Woah! HaHa! Tomorrow study lor. I bathed Lassie today! Wee! So fun! HaHa! I got wet...and it's so ticklish when Lassie shaked her body and sprayed droplets all over me. HaHa! We then blow dry her and combed her hair. Such a cute Lassie dog! And oh, Wendy said it's up to me and my father to pay money for the chalet. Sh'll be giving me the $300+ plus tomorrow! Woah! Such a big responsibility. HaHa! Wendy's mother hinted that the beach near the chalet is huanted. Hmmm....how interesting. AFter bathing Lassie, me and Wendy played the PS. Then she went out to eat lunch and I went home.  Yep! I think that's all for today. See ya tomorrow. Night blog!
    


	 
      Hey hey! Today's graduation day! How meowful!  Firstly, we attened our last E-Maths class. An enriching one, I must say. We learnt stem-and-leaf diagrams and interests (simple and compound). After that eventful lesson, we went to the hall to celebrate our graduation.  Wee! It's quite fun you know! The teachers are really caring...they planned all these for us! Meow meow! I loved it most when Janet read out the thanks to teachers. It's touching. Uhm-hmm! The teachers from YJC came too. You can say I am quite tempted to join YJC. They offer flexible subject combinations. YaY! I need not be tied down by C-Maths. Meow meow! I am so considering. Note that this is so different from PSLE  After the celebration, we went to eat buffet. Buffet was okay...but everything was so spicy...so hot hot hot! After that, we rushed up to take the SS Mock Exam. Can see that Mrs Jail was dissappointed at the low attendance. I was there. I didn't dissappoint her. The mock exam was quite easy.....yep!! Meow meow! After that, went down to meet Ah Ji...he waited for us! How meowful! Then, I went home with Gloria and CQ.   Hmmm....today leh, Wendy gave me my graduation present from her. She told me that she gave me the last, coz she knew I would open it when I get it. However, surprisingly, I didn't. HaHa! Maybe because this is a very private letter and I don't want people at the back looking at what shouldn't be looked at (:P! I value my privacy, ya know). So, I waited till reaching home to open. Then, upon reaching home, I did NOT open the present. Surpirsing, isn't it? The curious cat supressed his curiosity. HaHa....I want to read the letter in front of Wendy tomorrow ma. Want her to see my reaction. But leh, she insisted on me NOT doing it that way. So, respecting her wishes (ayiah...she feels embarassed ma... :P), I read the letter. And you know what? The letter is the sweetest thing a friend ever did to me. :) Seriously! I appreciate your letter a lot, Wendy! Rest assured that I would treasure it forever (you know...would like to keep your card in my treasure box...but it's too small! haha!). I am NOT gonna lose the letter. Noperino! :) And you know what, Wendy? Friends forever too. :D  Alright! I gotta go sleep le. Gotta wake up quite early. We are going to PJC's Open House tomorrow. Meow meow!! See ya tomorrow, blog! Night!
    


	 
      Heya! Sorry for not writing ya! Charmed and all. By the way, Y Tu Mummy Tabien was great. Sisterly love. I still don't understand the part on how Piper can expel out Isis's soul (oh wait...now I do...I read the script).   Yesterday was the Combined Science Practical. Meow meow! Overall, it was quite easy. Yeah ha. I was so worrying I don't have enough time. But in the end, I do la. I remembered to bring my I/C and Entry Proof, so lucky no troubles. I was posted to Bio Lab 1, same seating arrangement ask before. The Physics paper was quite easy, testing for density of the liquid. Meow meow! I completed that within 30 minutes. I moved on to Chemistry. Woah! Kinda easy man! I tested everything correctly. Ammonium Sulphate's the compound I tested for. Wee-hee! I felt good in the end. Woo-hoo!  After Prac, we were quarantined in class till 1.30. Mrs Chua gave us some biscuit, but it got lost along the way (I suspect the boys' greediness have something to do with this). So, we stayed hungry till 1.30, where all of us rushed down to eat something! Woah! Today Hann very funny leh. He pretened to be a spy catching thieves (oh! the school was robbed today...canteen and bookshop...poor things!). so basically, he tried to hide behind the door and scare anyone who walks in. HaHaHa!! Everybody saw him through the window and just like look at him. So funny man!! HAHAHA! I laughed really hard when he was 'caught'. Everybody did too! He fianlly 'caught' someone...AiLian. HaHa! He shouted at AiLian! So meow meow funny. The E-Maths mock was very okay. Felt so happy doing the paper.   Moving onto today. Woah! Today was fun-filled with activities! First, the school gave us a talk on graduation day. Gonna look forward to it tomorrow! Then. Miss Govind gave us a talk on the carnival next year. I am so gonna return to have fun and play along! Then, we went for PE and all. Good game of b-ball, I must say. Last PE lesson le. Then, we went up for Chem. Mrs Tan came to visit us. She talked about going to JC and our L1R5. Me-ow meow!   After recess, we have English. The Band 1 did their English mock exam first. Thong is on course, and she's having lessons during the afternoon. Me and Siva just discussed along our writing. I wrote on "What artistic talent would you like to possess and why?". I wrote about the talent to play piano pieces wonderfully. HeHe! In the library, Yit Hann snatched my Paper 1 away from me. Talk about integrity! Who used to chide me for having no integrity? And what lame excuses! Temptation my foot! If you have integrity, you won't give in to your temptations. This is an obvious case of qi ren tai sheng. Sigh.....now he has an unfair advantage. I don't really care about the advantage part la (Anyone can easily win him! HA!). It's just the inegrity bit. What right does he have to say that I have no integrity, when he himself has none in the first place? Sigh....  Today, I was given the opportunity to write in Sonia'a autograph book. Wee! I wrote my message to her. I decorated quite a fair bit too (don't laugh ar! I can decorate, hor?). WQ is so negative. He keeps critisizing my entry (when all I did was point out his mistake. Writing "Anyway" as "Anywhere"!), saying things like "Oh! You smudged the ink. Serves your right!" Hey! This reminds me of Honeyz's End Of The Line.   Seems like I can't do you right. All I do or say is wrong. All the smallest thing critisised. I deserve some damn respect. Nothing more and nothing less.   He's like the Tian DaHua. Keep yakking and yakking, complaining and complaining and blaming and blaming, and none of his words are nice to listen to. Sheez. Some people. Oh! Speaking of Tian DaHua! He got divorced by LingLing! YaY!! Good for LingLing! I whole-heartedly support her decision! This is a warning to all those "Tian DaHua"s out there. Better keep your mouth shut when you want to say something negative. Better be more open-hearted and accept criticism. Better STOP critisizing now, or else it's too late to eat your words.  Well, we went through guided writing types during EL lesson today. After that, we did the Part 2 (after grumbles..sheez!). We ended at 4 something. I stayed back with XC to wait for him to go music room to meet Low for awhile.   Today leh, Wendy kinda experienced a breakdown. It's too tiring to organize a big event like chalet, I guess.Well, I made her happy over nothing, over a misunderstanding of my father's NTUC Link Card. Sigh....She gave up planning for chalet! That's...not good! She's been having this dream since this year....she can't give up like this! Yes, Wendy! I know it's tiring. It's damn tiring. But do you really want to give it up just like that? Only after experiencing a minor setback? We can always pay the non-discounted rates. Your dream, Wendy! Your friends' dreams too. I want to go to chalet to enjoy myself with my friends around me. Like you, Amanda, Hann...Pick yourself up. Try again. And again. Never say die, alright?  Alright. I think I end here liao la. Very very tired le. See ya tomorrow. Night blog!
    


	 
      Hey hey! What a meowing day!   Today leh, nothing much happened la. HaHa! I always say nothing much, ends up got a lot of things to say. But really. Today is just so-and-so. Just feeling a tweensy-bit of nervousness for my Science Practical.  Ayiah...I know what to talk about le. Plain laziness. I hate people who are plain lazy! Like getting up to put your own plates or taking your own calculator will kill you. Yes. Those kind of lazy people. And it's even worse when they don't even want to help you back. Yeah. You've been helping them carry plates, calcuate stuff, throw rubbish...but they refuse to help you throw a single wad of tissue (come on! How many wads of tissue have I thrown for them?). Those people are bai lei (incorrigible?). I can predict that they are not gonna be good bosses (ordering secretaries around....making use of them...how despicable) or colleagues. Alright...I don't know why I am using "then". It should be "him". He doesn't want to waste calculator batteries, so he used CQ's or anyone else. He's too lazy to copy out emals adds on his own, so he made me type for him. He's too lazy to even get his useless butt up the seat and put back plates/throw rubbish/just about anything. He's using everyone to convinient himself. He doesn't care about people's feelings. Why should they be even doing this for him, you tell me? If he is too lazy to do things, then it's his problem. Why should we qian jiu him? We are spoiling him! We are doing him harm! And frankly speaking, I don't know how much I can stand anymore. Yes! Maybe I am still sore at his refusal to help me throw that tissue. I am finding it very un-worthwhile to do things for him. You may chide me for expecting things in return (unconditional love and all), but I find it plain disgusting of being made used at. I can't bear to see my friends being made used of. I am so afraid I am gonna blow someday. But I can't blow. I just repaired this friendship. Ain't gonna be so silly to end this. Must tolerate. ...   Hmm...what else to say ar? Ahh...Mrs Tan didn't come again. Sigh... wonder when's she's really coming. It's making me and Hann nervous. HaHa! I alos dunnoe what am I nervous about. Sigh....Oh yeah! Mrs Chua gave us small little cards wishing us good luck for our Os. That's really sweet of her! Thanks Mrs Chua!   Oh yes! I remembered something! I am going to chalet after all. Yesterday night, me and Wendy have our heart-to-heart talk (hmm....) about chalet. I fully understands how she felt about chalet and how important it is for her to have her friends there. She knew the reaons why I choose not to go chalet, and the guilt I went through because I dissappointed her. In the end, I decided to do. For the sake of our friendship. For the sake of making her happy. For the sake of having fun with my friends before we move on to the next chapter with our lives. I couldn't possibly deny myself of this chance of going just because of two idiots. Hm.So, confirmed le. I am going! Wee!  Alright, you know what? I gotta log off le. Sleep early and all. So, see ya tomorrow with news (or not...tomorrow's Wednesday). Night blog.
    


	 
      Heya! Sorry for not updating yesterrday. I went out thw whole day lor...so no time! HaHa!  Hmmm....before we went shopping, we went to my grandmom's place to visit her. You know, those visits to see how grandmum is doing. Yeah. She's doing okay. Great! But my eldest uncle...sigh. Suffering from throat and lung cancer. Smoked cigarettes and drank beer too much la. See him like this also dunnoe what to say. See his X-rays...the lungs all blackened out. Sigh...  Alright, we went to Chinatown in the afternoon. Hmm? Wbhat we do there? We ate lunch lor. I ate the yong tau foo ar. Very famous one, that stall. The whole family ate that lor. Not bad la. After that leh, we went to shop at various shops lor. Like OG, some shop (which I forgot it's name) and various small shops around Chinatown. I brought two t-shirts and a shirts. Yay! Wardrobe expanded le. HaHa! Anyway, we ate again (sigh! brother la! want to eat the chicken noodles). Then, we went home to take a rest before going to eat dinner.   I played games until like 7. HaHa! We originally planned to eat seafood at restuarants near East Coast, but due to the late time, we decided to go to the restuarant at Toa Payoh. But sigh!! It was booked for a wedding dinner! I grumbled on the way out "I told you to go East Coast you don't want...see la...come here nothing to eat!". The people outside the restuarant (the parents lor) all looked at me with distaste. In the end, we ended up eating at KFC (Family Combo Meal). Mom and Dad promised another outing to eat at seafood restuarant....so yay (see WQ! What no money! YOU then no money!)! AFter that, we walked around Toa Payoh.  After that leh, we went to Causeway Point to buy water-bottles. Ayaih...no use one la, trying to protest about it. So,I chose a nice one. Hey! If I have to drink from a bottle, it has to be nice! Meow meow meow!  Today leh...nothing much happened la. The History test is somewhat difficult. Sigh!!Don't even know whether my highest levels correct or not. Sigh. Oh yeah. Today, Andi came to talk to me about going to chalet. He feels guilty about inviting Faiz along, which caused me and CQ not to go to chalet. So, he persuaded me to go to chalet. I didn't in the end. It's not Andi's fault lor. If that leech Faiz wants to tag along Andi, then it's not within Andi's control. So, Andi should not reproach himself for the presence of Faiz. I can see that he's a very loyal friend of Wendy. That's very good you know!   Okay. I gotta end this le. So late. Will update tomorrow. See ya tomorrow, blog. Nite!
    


	 
      Hey hey! It's a meow meow Saturday!  Hmm. Today not much happened. I decided not to bore you with boring details about my morning, so let's just skip to afternoon.  Today afternoon, I went to Wendy's house to complete my English homework. I took about 5 hours to complete my Paper 1. HaHa! Keep getting distracted. I talked to Wendy lor. Talk talk talk. Even I scolded Lassie today for licking my legs. Aww...Poor Lassie dog. But don't lick my legs ar! After completing my compo, I watched them (she and her mother) eat noodle soup. Then, I watched her mom play a PS game. Puzzle Bubble or something. I went home at 6.  Uncle Steven came yet again. He upgraded my RAM (to 228) and changed my mouse to an optical wheel mouse! YaY! No more rollers-cleaning. I bathed and watched TV (No need to tell you what they are...you should know by now, hor?) while eating. Then, I came online lor.  So today nothing much la. Tomorrow is wheen the fun begins. We (the whole family) is going to Chinatown to shop. And possibly eat at a seafood restuarant. So exciting. Hmmm....shark's fin! Alright! See ya tomorrow! Night blog!
    


	 
      Heya! I am back.  You see ar. I said I would elaborate on something. Well. I was terribly upset yesterday that I cannot get into the JC Science Stream. You see, all Science Stream classes needs C-Maths. And the requirements for C-Maths is either a pass for A-Maths, or a distinction in E-Maths and B3 or above for Combined Science. I fulfil neither requirements. Sigh. I was so upset my dreams are dashed. I really hate myself that time. I even thought of suicide, but quickly dahsed the idea from my mind and chiding myself for being crazy. Hann today told me we can take AO-Maths with Chem and Bio! I hope so.....  Erm...today not much happened la. We had about 3 hours of A-Maths with Radha today (6 periods!). He organized extra a-maths class after school for those who need help. We stayed back of course. PeiYing came ('new admission'..Radha called her that...and keep asking if she know how to do problems). I kinda had fun solving the problems. Quite easy ma.....hahaha. Yeah. I am confident about my surds, log and indices le. Meow!!  After that, WQ, me, CQ, Hann and SL went to Civic Centre to study. Well, let me share something with you first. We were teasing WQ about his tendency to cover his ears whenever someone gets too loud. So funny you know. Who would do that one? We were tasing him with things like "protect your ears for what? want to hear yan lor wan's (king of hades) judegement properly ar?" and Hann keep imitating him....hahaha!! Me and CQ keep laughing and laughing. After that, we went to Civic's Centre MacDonalds to study. All fo them did Maths, while I tried to complete my Compre homework. The summary stumped me. I am thinking more abou it tomorrow la.   You know. Wendy made me realize that I have to study to fight for what I want. I want great results at Os, so I can go to the courses I want at JC. I need to plan. I need to start revision now. I think I am planning tomorrow at Wendy's house. Yep. I seriously need to study lor.  I am logging off le. Survivor's gonna show soon. Meow meow! See ya tomorrow, blog! Night. 
    


	 
      Heya! Sorry for not writing yesterday, but here was limited time because of Charmed. oh by the way, a very good episode yesterday. Paige reunited with her Dad! Woo-hoo!  Okay...yesterday was quite a boring day la. Nothing much happened. We stayed back to wait for SL, Janet and all for Bio. After that, we talked to Mrs Chua lor. She told us about O Level papers (how it is much easier than prelim's. The teachers set a more difficult paper for prelims...about 1-2 grade higher. Espeically so for Miss Tan, who sets about 3-4 grades higher). She also told us about JCs (She's from St Andrews JC. Cool!) and all. Meow!!  Well. Today's exciting. Kinda. But first, I wanna narrate something. You see, there's this whole list being passed around. This list is asking us whether we want to go chalet or not. I put not sure at first. Everybody did. And I talked to CQ you know. About how upset Wendy's gonna feel if she sees the whole list being ticked with "Not Sure"s. I almost wanted to put "Yes", but I have to see circumstances. Then, the list came back. The "Not Sure" column has been erased and everyone have to make a choice. I saw the list. CQ is not going. Okay...... Then, I saw the two most unfavourable people in the whole wide world ticking "yes" (namely, Faiz and Kim Hock.) I decided not to go in the end. Why? CQ and most of my friends are not going. And what adds salt to injury is that those two are. I got totally no one to hang around with (well, I got Wendy and Amanda....but KH is friendly with them....pah). I would rather coop myself at home then be insulted/bullied there (I got PLENTY of experiences, thank you very much). But also, I felt very guilty. I am letting Wendy down. After all, she shared her excitement and plans with me, and I was like very happy along with her. Then suddenly, I decided not to go. I owed Wendy a lot, in that sense. That expains my guiltiness. Wendy said she don't cared if I don't go. That stroke a chord in my heart. Don't care....that kinda hurts, you know. Yes. I would go to chalet, provided the two doesn't go. Being idiotic, aren't I? ...  Hm. I got back my EL grades!! It's a B4 overall! I improved in my Paper 1, scoring about 40 out 60! Woo-hoo! So, my total L1R5 would be 16! Ah Ji passed his EL! YaY!! Congrats to him! So, he got a socre of 16 too! YaY!! Good for us! Meow meow. Something idiotic happened today. It has something to do with YitHann. Yeah. You guessed it. He's being totally sucky today. Probably from getting C6 for his EL. As usual, I was the punching bag (not only that, a kicking bag too). I can't stand him! So what if he got a C6? Does it mean he have to chu qi on a person who got B4 (he was blaming XC for getting A2! HELLO! XC has every rights to get an A. So does Siva, for that matter!)? No! There's no use blaming others for being cleverer. He have only himself to blame for his own results. Such people!  Okay...I think that's it la. I don't want to say anymore things. I will elaborate further tomorrow. See ya tomorrow. Night blog.
    


	 
      Hmmm...Even today was meowingly average-y.  Okay. Today nothing much happened la. We got lessons and all. I enjoyed myself during PE, yeah. Meow meow! My b-ball skills improved. I am not THAT much of a kultz anymore. Meow!!  Okay. The exciting thing happened duiring History. Now THAT exciting if you come to think about it. First, we found out that LiangSiang/LiPeng got 93 overall for Combined Humanities. Me and CQ realised that there;s no way of winning them liao. Sigh!! Okay. I was utterly shcoked you know. I got....35 for History! Just  barely got an A2. I am not happy lor. My source-based got 14...luckily my structured essay saved moi! But!! But!! Overall, I got 80! YaY!!! I am so glad I improved! And CQ got an A1! Good for him! YaY!!!    CQ and I decided to pull a little trick on those friends of mine ar. You see ar. They would rather much prefer I get a low mark for History (very evil leh!).So, even if I tell them I got A1 for my Humane, I will be treated indifferently. So, I suggested that CQ tell them I got 29, missing my A1 by 1 mark. I know they will most readily believe that anyway.  So, when returning to class, I tried to act as angry and as sad as possible. I shouted at SH and put that chou nian. Acutally hor, I was trying SO hard not to laugh you know. Woah! YH and WQ was so happy. So evil!! I see their true colours liao ar! I couldn't take it anymore. I ran to Wendy and started laughing and laughing and telling her what I was doing. HaHaHa! In order to keep up with my crankiness, I told WQ "What la! worry about EL? Sure fail one la you! I cna't even get an A1 for Humane, you surely won't pass EL one!". Being as revengeful as always, he started insulting me to CQ (must accept the truth ma! :P). CQ, who cannot stand the nagging and the backstabbing, decided to tell them the truth. Ai-yer. Not fun one (No la where got, CQ hor?). Meow meow!  Hm. Ayiah. Nothing much went on la. I got no mood to write now, due to me exchaging sarcasm with the  SUPER, BEGIGN, BENEVOLENT, ALL-POWERFUL GOD-LIKE  class administrator. Hm. If you can't comprehend what the italics tell you, you can always ask me for explanations. So, see ya tomorrow. Goodnight blog. 
    


	 
      Today's Monday Monday. Both bad and good things happened today.  Alright. Let's talk about the bad thing first and get it over with. I GOT B3 FOR COMBINED SCIENCE! B3! WHAT THE *TOOT* *TOOT* *TOOT*! I never gotten such a low grade for Combined Science! And I am getting this at Prelims. Mid-year getting this, fine, not so bad! BUT THIS IS THE PRELIMS! Now, how am I supposed to got to the Chemistry course, you tell me? JCs (biasness! how could the education system! lousy!) absolutely despise Combined Science students! I can never stand a chance against Pure Science students if I only get a B3. My whole life is ruined. THERE GOES JC! And it's all my fault. I am angry at myself. For not studying Physics fully. For thinking that with Chem, I can ace Combined Science. Obviously, this is not the case. For being complacent. For being such a worthless *toot* (Actually, I shouldn't be degrading myself. But I want to get everything off my chest, okay?). Right now, I should focus on building up my Physics skills. And I brought a Science TYS too. You know, I am tempted to scold the teachers responsible for placing me in Combined Science (I can fare better in Pure Chem). But one of them may be Mrs Chua or any of my favourite teachers....so I shan't say anything. But all I know is that I am gonna work hard for the grades I DESERVE to have. Not this lousy worthless B3. A2 is so little. I DESERVE an A1! A1!!!! You hear me? A1!  Another bad news: I got 25/50 for my EL paper 2. Sigh. I shan't talk about it much. I just want to make a note that Miss Mala is totally contradicting Mrs Thong. Mrs Thong taught us that "explain fully" question is a inferential question. So, almost all of us Band 1 inferred. And was marked wrong by Mala. Not to say her leh, but Mala should consult with Mrs Thong! After all, Mrs Thong set this paper. And Miss Mala scolded us Band 1. Hello! She have no rights to tell us (no no...not tell. SCREAMED!) not to be complacent. How would she know we are being complacent?! Only Mrs Thong, who know us well, can tell us that! Well, we cannot say Mala is biased, because she screamed at her class also. But we felt so wrongfully accursed. Me, XC, Siva and probably lots more. Anti-Mala feelings are high in Band 1. What a *toot* (no offense to my band 3 friends. But I need to get this off my chest. And this is my personal thinking. I have my rights to think what I want to think, and not to like some teacher because you do. So, don't you ever start condemning me for what I said).  Al;right. Moving on from bad news. I got two pieces of good news to share. And they brighten up me day. :D. First stop. I got an A2 for Bio! YaY! I maintained my standard (or what Mrs Chua said...remained staus quo). Hmm! I believe I can get a distinction for Bio too.  The second piece of good news! I got....45/50 for SS! WOO-HOO! I am so proud of myself! Never in my life...have I reached so high! I am so proud of my work! My structured-essays! My source-based! Ahh! I love my work! That means, I already passed Ciombined Humanities (hello...so easy to get 5 marks). The matter now is to get A1 or not. To get A1, I need a minimum of 30. My usual standard for Histopry is around 37 and above. And Hist is almost similar to SS. If I can get 45 for SS, I am sure to get A1 for History. Well, not really sure. Let's see how things turn out, okay? Cannot be too complacent (this word makes me think of some  person  here!) ar.  Alright. I went home at 3.30. Took a bath. Went down to buy assessment books. Then, I played FFIX. FFIX Update: I leveled my characters roughly to about 2-3 levels. Fighting Grand Dragons all the time is boring. Yep! Meow meow!   At 7, Holland V started. 2 years have passed. The starting 'movie' changed. I saw XiaoXin coming back, and XX and JJ got intimate. Such a plot twist! I saw TianYang and RouRou being more intimate too. Maybe they will get together? Who knows? One of the most noticeable changes is that LingLing matured and became more refined. I like that change, actually. Being the head of the family (replacing WanWan, who is coming back 3 months later) actually matured her. That's very good. Yang Xiong became closer to the Mo family. Good thing also. I can't wait for more surprises!   Okay...then watched Comedy Nite...and came online. Tomorrow's gonna be exciting, for I am anticipating my History results. Meow meow! See ya tomorrow. Night blog!
    


	 
      Sunday! A day to laze around in boredom.  I woke up at 8.30 and bathed till 8.50. I read the New Sunday Times. Got a lot of insight on a number of things, like teenagers suiciding and the conclusion for the Andrea suit (oh...she won 900k, but the case against TaiMing was dismissed! YaY!). Mother came back with breakfast (chee cheong fun). We watched TV and read newspaper till 11.  At 11, I alternated between watching Huan Zhu Ge Ge and chatting online with XC and WQ. So meowingly confusing. At 12.30, I went offline to eat lunch and watch Huan Zhu. And yaY! Good news! Courts approved us to buy the copier! YaY!! Meow meow! We will be picking it up tomorrow.   After that, wendt online a little and did a thourogh sweep of my system using McAfee virus scan. Then, I went offline to play FFIX. Alright! FFIX update! I managed to beat the Grand Dragon. Just user Flare a couple of times and some Blizzaraga here and there should do the trick. It sucks to have him use Thundaga on the whole party...but oh well. I managed to level up 5 levels, then I off to surdf the net.  Oh god! I slept from 5 to 6.30. I slept and slept...gosh! I was really tired. I woke up at 6.30 with a horrifying feeling. I didn't buy dinner for me and brother!! Darn you know!! I walked to the 768 feeling so tired. And I decided not to buy any dinner for myself. Go eat the bowl noodles at home. Too lazy to eat a "fulling" dinner. I even brought the wrong dinner for brother. HaHa.   Came back home, bathed, cooked noodles and ate them while surfing internet. Ayiah...pretty common stuff la.I think I end this le. Too tired to type le. See ya tomorrow. Goodnight blog. 
    


	 
      Heya! Today's a meowing day!  Okasy, I woek up at 8.30 and bathed. Then, I went online. Yadda Yadda Yadda. At 9.30 opr so, Mom came back with breakfast. No, it's not chai tao kueh if you asked. It's the carrot caske in blocks. HaHa!   At 10, I read the newspaper out of boredom. And I saw this Court sale. Woah! $5 for a portable radio! YaY! I finally can get a small radio, for a cheap price too! I called WQ to come over accompany me. Later I accompany him lor to wait for his friend Alan. Meow meow!  By the time I got there, the queue was very very long! Snaking from Courts right up to the place where Evergreen bokshop is. Oh my! I got worried le. Because that radio is only available for 50 customers. Seeing such long queues gave me no hope le. But I queued anyway. WQ came later. He keep telling me to stop queueing, because there's no hope. I told him I won't give up. Then, at 11.06, I started having doubts. We only moved 10ms or so. Sigh. I think my radio sold out le. Then, I broke away from the queue! I gave up! So embarrassing you know! Everyone staring at me!!!   WQ and I went to wait outside the library. We plonked down on the floor and started talking. Talking about wu liao things like SL la, Kim Hock la....blah blah blah. XC smsed me, I message back. Woah! Wasted so many messages. Meow!   At 12, the library opened its big doors. And everybody rushed in man! Woah! Like wild animals stampeding. Seriously. Got noise (Chong!!) some more. I think the lbirarians are mortified. I quickly rushed up to get a table for us.   At the library, I borrowed Chicken Soup For The Teenage Souls III. It's back for more heat-warming stories! I love Chicken Soup! Between 12.30 to 1.45, whatI did was read the book, chatted with WQ and helped him with some Intergration problems. At 1.45, Alan came (He looked quite good ma....dunnoe why WQ said he's not good-looking! HaHa!) and I left for Wendy's house.  When I came in, Wendy was frying eggs. Meow meow! Later, somehow, I got her to cook Maggie for me (I didn't have lunch ma). Felt kinda guilty, but.....sigh! After that, we ate noodles and eggs while watching Final Fantasy the movie. So exciting that movie! I loved it you know. So touching, the story. Neal died, and the woman gave up shooting and died along with him. I think she likes him. Then, another guy died. In the end, Gray sacrifice himself to spread the "cure". So touching! So brave! The ending's kinda sad, but beautiful. Sunshine and warmth return to the Earth again. Ahh......  I managed to complete my EL homework while watching the movie. After watching the touching movie, both of us played Chocobo Racing. We kept beign disruptyed by Wendy's mother walking here and there. HaHa. She's fixing the curtains. We play 2 rounds, I think. The last one we are tied and have to play the tie-breaker game. I won I won! Meow!  Okay. Coming back home, I immediately switched on the computer. YaY! So many things updated. New virus software, new scanner and a new CD-RW drive! So many meowing things! After that, I bathed and ate dinner while watching 8 Simple Rules For Dating My Daughter and Simpsons.   Then, I came online. I used 2 discs to write my Charmed vids. Meow!! Then, I chatted with XC, WQ and Wendy. Then somehow, in oue chat, Wendy and I started to duet using poems. HaHaHa! So funny!  Alright. I shall present you our poem!     Duet    Head spinning as words of your letter flow out,   Go take a rest, I gently shout.   No thanks, I have work to do, for graduation draws nearer and I have work unfinished,   I warn cautiously: Your headache's not going to be diminished.   I will, for I'll take a rest after I finish one last letter, address to the person whose name I fear of hearing,   Oh my! That's terrible for your well-being!   Though this is terrible, I have no choice, I can hardly fall asleep with work undone,   Doing work like this won't be fun.   It will, with a positive attitude, with a motive in mind,   If you say so, with this I am fine.   Thanks my friend, for showing your concern to a sick being like me,   You are welcome, very blessed be.   So what are you doing now, my friend? What's occupying the friend of mine currently?   Oh, just blogging and chatting and the dilly-dallies.   Then it's time for me to take my leave, for I wouldn't want to distract you in whatever you are doing,   Nonsensical ramblings you give, so I return to my busying.    Fine, my concern for you falls on deaf ears. I'll leave you alone as you wish,   Would you like a fish?   HaHa! I love it! I hope we cna do more of this in the future! Alirght. Time for me to go. See ya tomorrow. Goodnight blog!
    


	 
      Friday Friday Friday. Disappointing Friday.  Firstly, I failed my Maths. WITH A PATHETIC 6 MARKS TO PASS! Even PeiYing can squeeze 6 marks out of her paper! WHY CAN'T I? This is a mockery made out of me! I feel so disgraced! How am I gonna face my tuition teacher, you tell me? Sigh.  One good thing though. I passed my English. Confirmed le, by Mrs Thong! Good good. She scared me today by saying "Only 1 person in Band 1 failed". I thought I am doomed. Not really. I dunnoe lor. I feel I wouldn't fail, because my English ain't weak. But I got scared la. Siva said I should pass, because I am not lousy. I am hoping I would improve to a B. Mrs Thong said everyone improved...so I wished I would get a B4. B3 is the most ideal of coursze. And yes, Siva got the top, again! Whoo-hoo! Way to go girl!  Then, after school, CQ and I stayed back to wait for Gloria. Ayiah, in the end, she went to the library. Sigh. Me, CQ and WQ walked back home. Yes yes CQ. I am gonna talk about it now, okay? Happy? I felt happy la. Well, we are talking and chit-chatting away happily. Hmm. CQ (you!) told me just now that I must cherish this friendship. Well, I definitely will! Don't worry. I won't get heated up again. I will try to control my temper.....(ren yi shi feng ping lang qing, tui yi pu hai lang tian kong) I feel too happy even to quarrel with him anyway. So, thanks CQ! For sticking by my side these days.  After I came back, I bathed and then watched the District. Child-abuse case is being shown. Oh my!! Horrible horrible parents. After watching District, I played FFIX. Okay, FFIX update. I found out where Quan's Dwelling is. I got most of the cracks and bubbles treasure (except for the on in Disc 4) and tried to complete the Stellazizzo colelction. Well, only left certain things (which I can only get if I advance the story).   Today's Holland V is rather sad. XiaoHui got killed (I screamed out loud!!) by the idiot and YanYan was caught, but was not repentant. And most horrifying of all, RouRou got raped by damned despicable TianCheng. Oh!! I hate him! He should be better off locked up in a mental hospital indefinitely.   I am now very angry. Very very agnry. At my damn modem. Stupid leh! Now, it refusesd to connect to the internet. But this can be solved by rebooting the computer. AND THAT'S A WASTE OF MY TIME! Do you know how many minutes is wasted? 2 FREAKING MINUTES! Everytime I try to go online! 2 MINUTES OF MY LIFE IS WASTED! This used to be a rare moment thingy, but it became a daily affair.   I am so darn pissed. Okay. I ending here liao. See ya later. Night blog!
    


	 
      Today we got back our Chem results! Woo-hoo!  A-ha! By my 'Woo-hoo', you must have inferred something! And if you inferred that I got good marks, you got one point. If you inferred that I got great marks, you get two. If you inferred that I got highest in class, you get the full ten marks!   Yep! That's right, ladies and gents! I got 84/100 for Chem! I am so darn happy with my results (of course, there's room for improvement, like the particle theory...but hey hey!)! An A1. And I maintained my top position for Chem too! YaY!! A good, happy, nice result, something to be proud of.  I hope Physics won't pull it down so much. :)  Yes! I am happy with my results. but somebody ain't. Who leh? Well, ni xin li you su! Who else would complain the whole day about me getting top and keep on cursing meI would fail other subjects? Guess lor. I got a sympathy mark from Mrs Chew (I wrote -2 instead of 2-...but she gave me correct anyway), and he demanded me that I return the mark. So full of integrity and all. And keep on griping about it all day long. Come on lor. If she wants to be sympathic and give me marks, let her give la. Rejecting it would be like rejecting hongbaos. Which is NOT a very nice thing to do.  Then, he complained about me boasting my marks. I happy ma. Cannot tell meh? And keep complaining and complaining and using su yus like "something something qian shou yi" I retorted , "Well, somebody mei you zhi ge to hao lian lor! Want to hao lian also cannot!". Sigh. Then he started being mean towards me. I think, ultimately, he's jealous that I won him yet again. Jeslousy brings you nowhere, my boy.   Today, Yit Hann was being pervertic. He drew pictures of sexual organs (both sexes included) and asked everybody to tell him what he drew. Ew! Then, XC improvised. He drew different pics for the letters of the female sex organ (clue: 6 words). HaHa! But what's funny is that WQ tried to decipher the message, but couldn't get what it is. We thought he don't know how to spell, so we spelt out the word for him. But he still doens't know! Oh my god! He went around asking everybody in the bus what is it. Oh my god! Such embarrassment! Finally, SL told him. He remembered....oh my!!!   Today, I got my quiz prize back. There are three things given to me: a black file, a blue pen and a pad of the school's fool-scap paper. I used the black files for my blog (the old one is full and I printed out September's entries) and the blue pen for use on my computer table. I am giving XC the fool-scap pad. I have no use for it, and he wants it. After all, he helped me confirm some answers. I also got my Bio Practical back. I got 26/40. Not bad ar. Meow meow!  I think I gotta go le. See ya tomorrow. Bye blog!
    


	 
      Heya! You know what? I didn't go to school today. Meow!  I was sick. Actually, I recovered in the morning. Looks like the fever is only minor (unlike last two times! thank god!). I didn't go to school because I am too lazy to, and Mother don't want fever to come back today, so no school for moi.  I woke up at 8+. I bathed and then ate bread for breakfast. I went down to buy 8-Days to read. Meow! I read 8-Days till about 9+, then  read the newspaper. I discovered that Wednesdays have good shows to watch. For example, the repeat telecast of "Everybody Wins: Homerun Special", the new season of The District (yaY! I missed the show!) and tonight's Charmed.   After reading Straits Times, I went on to read "Bridal Bedlam", a Sabrina book. Then, I went online to check my mail and stuff. I read FAQs on FFIX, the Sims and this and that.  Mom went out at 11+ with Dad to go shoppping. It's a weekly thing. She always go shopping when it's her off-day as a cashier. I went offline at 12 to watch Everybody Wins.  For lunch, I ate two Sunshine Vanilla Bread. How meowful. After watching Everybody Wins, I went online again, to wait for The District to show. At 1.30, Mom and Dad came back. They brought two new computer chairs. Oh! They are so big.I am sitting in one of them right now. They got arm-rest one. So cool. It's a lil too big, cannot squeeze under the keyboard thingy...but cool!   At 2, I watched The District while parents went out to Sheng Shiong for grocery shopping. I missed good old Jack Mannion, Temple Page and so many more. Ahh!! How meowful is that!   After the wonderful episode of District, I played FFIX. Alright. FFIX updates. I managed to get all the Chocograpgh treasures, except for a crack in the Forgotten Contitnent and a bubble in the Quan's Dwelling. Sigh!! I don't even know where Quan's Dwelling is. And I tried to level up my cats by fighting Grand Dragon. But it's too strong for us! Sigh!  Then, CQ called. First, he gave me the good news. I won a prize for the GK quiz the Humanities Bioard held last term. But I wasn't there to recieve it! sigh! An opportunity wasted. I am gonna get it from Jalil tomorrow, I think. Then, he told me the bad news. I got B4 for E-Maths. No improvement there. Sigh!! No other papers have been given out. Tomorrow we are recieving our Chem and EL paper. I don't think I wanna get my EL paper back. Sigh!  After playiong FFIX, I went online again to chat with XC and WQ. At 6.30, I went out to eat.  After eating and walking around GValue, I came back, bathed and watched 15 mins of Holland V. And I came online. I think I am stopping now. Alright. See ya tomorrow! Night blog!
    


	 
      Heya! Sunday marks the end of the fateful week. Ahh. Sundays are so significant.  Today was an averagy day. The good part of today only happened in the afternoon and night.   In the afternoon, I watched X-Men II, the VCD which I brought at Carrefour last time. Ayioh, to tell you the truth, it was dissappointing. They cut away quite a number of scenes. For example, the one where they showed the effects of Cerebro on the mutants and humans. I was expecting these scences you know. Darn!!   After movie watching, I went online for a bit. At 5.30, I went down to buy dinner for brother , then rushed to CauseWay Point to have dinner with Wendy and Manda. I am going thete to give money to Wendy for my domain (WQ!! My $1.70! You owe me for two months! You better pay up ar! Or else, drastic actions may follow...) and eat dinner with her also.   I met them at LJS. Their colleague, Gavin, also came. Hmm...he's quite okay la. All of us brought Combo 1 (I didn't get cheated. The person said "regular drinks?" I said "small please". There!) During our dinner, so many things happened. For example, I scratched my face and it bleed. Gavin hates the sight of blood. We also discussed about stocks and money exchange. We also talked about WanWan's choice. Me, manda and Gavin supported WanWan's decision to marry YX, Wendy went against it. AFter eating, me and Amanda went to Popular to find Janet while the two went home.  We brought two packets of M&Ms and I said my farewells to Janet. After that, we walked around CauseWay Point. We went into Kiddy Palace to look around. We went into Courts and Computer ETC to look at her notebooks. We went into EMF before Courts, but we saw Govind and I panicked and ran away. However, when we returned, she wans't there. We looked around here and there. Lastly, we went into Metro and Wendy introed her boss and colleagues. I saw the Merlee, the cashier whom Wendy can't get along well with. Heh. At 8, we started going back.  Sigh. I am kinda worried for tomorrow! I mean, I am going to to Malaysia. What if I am robbed? I die le la! Moo meow meow! I must take precautions! Yes!! Ayioh! I must plan to record my programs! Only 6 hours! Charmed must be recorded! Survivor too! Oh my my! So ruan!  Okay. I gotta go le. See ya on Tuesday (Monday can't blog...maybe can la. I see in the afternoon). Night blog!
    


	 
      Oh heya! Today's weekend Saturday. Moo meow meow!  Hmm...today nothing really major happened. In the afternoon, I met with XC, CQ, WQ and Hann to discuss about our Malaysia trip.   Ayioh!! That XC ar! Made me wait for him for so long!! An hour you know. Just standing there and waiting and waiting. 30 minutes passed and I can't see him. I started getting fed up and stormed here and there. I was thinking of doing something drastic, but it was against my better judgement to embarrass myself. Sigh....so I just cursed and scolded him till he arrived. So late!!  Hmm...we sat down in the foodcourt in CauseWay Point and discussed la. We discussed what to do, what to eat and the checklist. Ayiah. So much disagreements. Me and CQ saw the maximum amount we can spend there, we got kinda scared le. Our parents only giving us S$200, which is around RM4220. Yeah. Sigh. I think we have to scrimp and save and not waste money. Meow!!!  Hmm...after all the discussing and photocopying, we went down to go home. We stopped by Wendy's workplace to exchange pleasantries. The male colleage who is standing besides Wendy looked at us weirdly when we called for her. She told me that he think it's funny stupid that we would do that. O.o! She was kinda tired, after handling so many customers. Poor thing.  Hmm...after that, nothing really interesting happened. Heh. I am kinda excited about the trip, but also a bit worried. I am worried I would be homesick. Last year, just barely two days outta home, I got very homesick already. What about you, dear blog! I cannot update you le. Oh wait. There's a computer with internet connection at YH's aunt's place. Maybe I can go online to update you after all. Meow!!  Hm. I think I end this le. See ya tomorrow. Night blog!
    


	 
      Hey hey hey!!! I am so darn happy!  Holland V just showed! Oh my god! I loved this episode! First thing, JingJing is divorcing Ah Ming!! Finally! I have been waiting for this day for so long! Oh god! JingJing can finally be with XiaoXin! Second piece of good news, SiTing finally ackowledged WanWan as "Mum"! So touching!! The most exciting part is, who WanWan chooses! The lucky cat is....Yang Xiong!! YAY!!! I always wanted them to be together! My predictions came true! YaY. Ya know, ever since NuoWen left for Australia, I pretty much ruled him out off the picture. YX contributed so much to the family...He deserves to be recongized for his efforts.  Oh...today I went to watch a movie. Rugrats Go Wild to be exact. It was an okay movie, quite humourous too! I watched it with XC and HuiMin. Hmm, the rest of the time, we went around Causeway Point shopping for Christmas presents. We paid a little visit to Amanda in the ladies' department in Metro. I gave her quite a scare, hehehe. We also visited Wendy in the Christmas decor department. Heh. I never knew they have to carry around batteries. Coolies! I got a few ideas what to buy le for who le.  Hmm....what else happened today ar? Ahh...yes. I chose my JCs. My top 3 choices are: AJ Science, PJ Science and YJ Science. Hmm.... Excellent choices. Yeah. No regrets la. Cannot regret anymore. Form sent in.  Hmm...you know what? I am going off le. Gonna watch Survivor later. So, see ya tomorrow. Night blog!
    


	 
      Heya! Yesterday was Charmed day, so ya know the story. Charmed was cool yesterday! "I am the MOTHER" and blowing up of demons. O.o! I love the Crone!  Yesterday, I went to Escape Theme Park. Me and Ben met up first and went to Woodlands Interchange to meet up with the rest. Finally the whole group of 7 (me, Ben, XC, HM, EC, JiaHui and Melvin) gathered and we took the train towards Pasir Ris.    Opps, we took the wrong train. Instead of taking the train to Marina Bay, we took the Jurong East-bound train. Opps. On the train, we were talking and reading my 8 Days. Mostly, they were talking about the Star Awards Popular Artiste nominees (who will win and who will not).   After taking two trains and bus 354, we reached Escape Theme Park at around 1030. Hmm....we brought tickets and went in. Surprisingly, they did not give us arm bands to wear. That means cannot go out le. Darn.  Our first activity was the Go-Kart. HaHa! I was driving real slowly, not really that slow, but I was adjusting ma. HaHa. So scaredy-cat me. After that, we played this 3 other times. I sped really fast during these 3 times. HaHa! I even accelerated when going down the slope. I like car 19. XC and most people have trouble steering it (they crashed), but this car feels perfect to me. This got the "Most Exciting Award" from us.     After that, we played Pirate Ship. My first ride was real scary. Subsequent rides later, I felt very okay and enjoyed the rides. Wee!! During some of these rides, we would sing songs. We sang Riverside's and FuChun's school songs. Then, we moved on to nursery rhymes like "BaBa Black Sheep" and "London Bridge Is Faling Down". HeHe! After that, there was once we spilted, 4 ride one side of the ship, 3 the other. Then, we kept "You"ing each other. HaHa!! We gave this the "Ride That Brought The Children Our Of Us".   After the Pirate ship, we went to play the Panasonic Roller Coaster. It was kinda disappointing. I expected a much longer drop. Opf! We named this "Most Disappointing Award".   Then, they went onto the Cadbury Inverter. Only me, Mel and XC did not go sit that ride. Me and Mel were too afraid to go up that ride, but XC wanted to play it the last. Too bad he didn't get to play it, because that was the only time the group played the Inverter.  After that, we went on Wet And Wild, except for Mel. Me and XC were on a boat together. Woah! I was kinda soaked. XC decided to splash water on me, so I splashed back. HaHaHa! In the end, both of us were thoroughly soaked!  After that, it was more Pirate ship and Go-Kart rides to dry ourselves.  Then, lunch came. I spent about $6.40 ordering a Large Sprite and some bacon hamburger. Hmm! The drink turned out to be contaminated with a strand of hair, but i already gulped down a big portion of it. XC and Mel went to change it for me (I refused to change....drink so much already want me to change) and took the drink for themselves. HaHa.  Then, we played some slot games. XC won himself a soft toy (BumbleBear). Lucky him. The whole afternoon was spent playing Go-Kart and Pirate Ship rides. Haha! We left the Theme Park at around 5.50+. We went to Causeway Point to eat our dinner. I ate the sheng mian CQ likes to eat so much. So garlicky. As I was having a cold, I sneezed and some food was choked. My nose felt terribly blocked. Then, I sneezed multiple times and out came a stick of vegetable. How gross!   I came back feeling quite terrible. Ergh. Even with a cold, I watched Charmed. I will watch Charmed no matter what!  Today morning, I woke with a feeling much more better. Today was my Mother's off day, so the whole family is going out to Carrefour in Plaza Singapura. Except me, because WQ was coming to play.  Hm. I watched yesterday's recorded tapes in the morning. Oh god! Yesterday's episode of Holland V was so touching! I cried when SiTing and WanWan reconcilled. So touching! You know, Holland V's ending tomorrow. I can't bear to say goodbye to them! For 25 weeks, I have been watching this great show! This show provoked a lot of emotions from me, ranging from anger to love. Yeah! Can't bear to leave! I wonder who will WanWan choose. I hope they won't leave us a cliffhanger and said "To Be Continued". I hate that!!  This afternoon, WQ came lor. We played the Need For Speed, X-Men and Street Fighters. I won him in X-Men (duhz. Who can win my Phoenix?) and at Street Fighters at first. He mastered Chun Li's move (Kaikosen? Forgot the name) and kept using it. O.o! Hmm...no need to say in racing who won la. I sucks at the game.  After that, he ate noodles and played GunBound. Oh god! He was a team suicide player! He moved while he's firing weapons, causing several team members to be severly hit. Sigh!! After that leh, HE MESSED UP WITH MY RADIO! DO YOU KNOW HOW FREAKING HARD IT IS TO ADJUST BACK TO THE CORRECT STATION? F**K! I hate people playing with my radio. My perfect position. It stays where it is. NO ADJUSTMENTS UNLESS DONE BY ME! Guests coming to my home please take note of this important fact.  After that, I stayed home while the rest of the family ate dinner, due to nature calls. Sigh. WQ invited me to play 'badmintion'. However, I already promised XC to do the PAE thingy with him. Therefore, in the end, I am NOT playing 'badmintion'. Sigh. Got into yet another argment with WQ. He's so petty (must this be over-emphasized? I think the whole world knows. Or at least, those who reads my blog). He went on to blame me for something that is totally not connected to his issue. Sheez. Then, while I was typing my rebuttal, he went offline. HOW PETTY! He's so afraid of losing. I hate people cutting me off, and especially those who don't rebutt. Cowards!   Sorry for that crabby attitude. I am just too annoyed about the messing up of my radio.   I gotta be going liao la. See ya tomorrow. Night blog.
    


	 
      Heya! Slow Tuesday. Changing Tuesday.  Heya! It's officially, my first day off. Yeah. I don't even get to rest after 3 days of going outs and having fun. Today, I can finally rest at home and complete my To-Do list.  First thing. I have to spring clean my table (okay. winter-clean would be more apporpriate. Spring hasn't come yet, and it's winter now). Yeah. You can't believe how much junk I removed from my table. I kept working pens, ornaments (presents), stationery and letters from friends (I collected so many over the years. Like letters from Joanne Ye, YingYing, SL and Wendy). Ohters like useless things with I haven't touched for years and is gathering dust is thrown away. After that, I gave my table a good wipe and re-arranged my stuff. It looks much more better now! So neat and organized.  I also spent today watching my taped programs. Oh god! Rupert got kicked out. WQ is gonna be so dead!!! SPOILERS DO NOT DESERVE TO WALK THIS PLANET! Idiots (the ones who kicked Rupert out, with the exception of Lil, and spoilers and wanna-be spoilers)! So meowful! X-Men Revolution is so suspenseful! Apocalypse is now releashed! What is gonna happen?!  Hm. One interesting thing happened. Me and WQ got into an argument, about the 'lousiness' of Escape Theme Park. He asked me to present my points why I think Escape is not sucky. So I did (I am not gonna present them here. I found it tiring narrating the same thing over and over again.). He tried to counter my argument, but his counter has a lopphole, so I countered his counter and won. However, knowing WQ, he's not gonna let it slide easily. The sore loser went to a local message board and asked for people's opinions on Escape. He's proving to me that Escape is sucky. I laugh at his futile attempts to 'win'. Oh come on! This is a really stupid way to win. I wrote a message, listing my previous arguements and counter-arguements. Heh. Let's see who's gonna have the final laugh. This should be interesting.   Hmm....I made further additions and subtractions to my To-Do list. Here are the changes:  Things to do:  -Winter clean my entire room. Slowly. -Print out my blog entires.  -Decide on who to buy Xmas presents and what to give them   Okay. That's all I think. Gotta go now. Tomorrow's going to Escape. Very excited about it. See ya tomorrow. Night blog!
    


	 
      Hey hey! Monday the mooing day!  Hmm, today I went to school to get the PAE (Provisional something something) application form. We are supposed to meet at 9am in the AVA room. So, at 8, we are supposed to meet (me, CQ, WQ, XC and HM). XC was very late, but oh well.  HaHa! We arrived there at 8.45, but the meeting doesn't start till 9.30. Oh my! We were given a form with our PIN and some booklet regarding the PAE exercise. I can only choose like....five or so JCs lor. I am choosing Pioneer JC....hm. I hope I am making the right choice.   After the exercise, we stayed in school (don't know whatever for). After that, me, XC, HM and EeChuang left lor. We were originally going to bowl, but WQ the organiser backed out at the last minute, and we were left with no choices.  First, we went to eat at LJS. We had to wait a while after breakfast hours, and for the fishes and fries to be fried. This time, I was careful enough not to get tricked. And I didn't. HaHa! We discussed a lot of things, like the reason why Mrs Chew is leaving RSS. She said she needed a change of environment. According to my analysis, I think it's because of Mrs Singh. It's a well-known fact among our class that Mrs Chew can't tolerate Mrs Singh's attitude. If not, it's either a relationship with colleague gone sour, or she feels she was being ostrasized. Meow!! My analysis can be correct you know!  After that, we went up to buy tickets to a movie. We are watching Uptown Girls. Finally!! Get to watch that movie! But the movie starts at 1.20, and we got 1 hour ++ to shop. so, we went around Causeway Point looking for Christmas presents.   Me, HM and XC went up at 1.10 (EC gone home). We brought popcorns, drinks, then went inside the cinema. Woah! Uptown Girls is such a cool movie! Funny and it got a touching storyline at the end. I pitied both the main actresses as they faced through life's difficulties. Hm!   After the movie, we went more shopping. The last thing we did was print NeoPrint pics. HaHa! My hair was so cut! So ugly...hehe. The overall effect ws nice la. So moo meow.   I went back home, took a bath and watched taped Holland V. I am gonna watch the rest of the taped tapes tomorrow. O.o!! After that, it's a night of TV watching and online surfing. I am goning to go to Escape Theme Park on Wed with the rest of the music students. Moo meow!  Okay. I gotta be going le. See ya tomorrow. Night blog!
    


	 
      Heya! What a beautiful Sunday!  Today leh, me and family went out. Today's my mother day off ma, so the family go out to enjoy a bit lor.  Hmm...first, we went out to eat. We went to Admiralty Place to eat lor. What did I eat? Oh yeah. Chicken rice. The tenpanyaki bencurd is real nice. Must eat it next time. I went to Popular and saw this must buy Charmed Book. Seasons of the Witch, Volume 1. So I brought it and read it during the car journeys.  We went to Carrefour. My father wants to buy some new trousers. Hmm....What did I buy there? X-Men 2 the VCD and Clay Aiken's debut album, Measure of a Man. There was this Top 10 CDs section. I went over, and saw Measure of a Man. I listened to his CD and actually found his songs very nice. So, I brought it lor. I suggested to my mother to buy a CD-radio for me. I always wanted a radio to listen to and to play my CDS. My mother says the radio there is lousy, so we are going to buy at Courts.  Therefore, our next stop is Courts. We went to the Ang Mo Kio branch. I got three choices avilable for me. A Sony, Phillips and Thompson. After much deliberation, I chose the Thompson model, due to its good stereo system and its ability to play CD-Rs/CD-RWs. Hmm! YaY!! Finally had a radio in my room le!! :)  Okay. For dinner, we went to the Zheng Fa Huo Hai Xian. Yep, I know. Same place I went on Friday. This time, I can choose what to put in the soups and don't have to face possible disasters/insults when i splashed the soup all over looking for my hams. Hmm...this time, we ate more meat, more harms, more seafood. Heh heh. I felt more full than Friday. HeHe!!  After that leh, came back home. I finished my book already. Great Charmed book. I took a bath and connected the radio. Moo meow! I was so freaked out at first. The radio has no static when I was in front of it. But when I moved away, static came. This reminds me of one of the Mr Bean episodes (if any of you have seen, you know what I am talking bout, right? Where Mr Bean have to strip to watch his TV? HaHa!). So, I moved the position of the radio, facing me. Now, it has no static. HaHa! So freaky!!  Alright, I felt like composing a To-Do and a To-Nuy list. So here goes:   Things to buy:  -Galadriel Water's Harry Potter books -Charmed books -Chirstmas presents    Things to do:  -Spring clean my table (too cluttered...especially with the addition of the radio) -Decide on who to buy Xmas presents and what to give them -Decide on whether to follow WQ to queue overnight or not -Watch all my taped programmes for Fri and Sat. 3.5 hours of shows to catch up!  Alright. I gotta be going le. See ya tomorrow. Night blog!
    


	 
      Hey hey! Oh my god!! The Os are finally over! Woo-hoo! Sorry for not blogging yesterday! I was simply TOO tired!  Okay okay. Let's talk about The MCQ questions. They were generall okay lor. I found most of them easy. Physics was kinda tricky with SI units and call. But oh well!! I can manage. And oh my meow!!! Mrs Chew is leaving for Evergreen Secondary!! I heard she chose to leave on her own. I wonder if it is because of bad collegeas? OOO!! That means she could be my brother's Chem teacher! I wonder if she's gonna play the "bonus points" game with them!! If she's gonna be his Chem teacher, I can pass letters to her via my brother! O.o!!!!  Okay....went back, bathed, went online and ate lunch till 1pm. I went o Wendy's to play MahJong. Woah! Hands so itchy to play. Woah! Howver, the game became quite stale after playing for many many rounds. I stopped playing when the controller went bersek and I discarded one of my wanted tiles! Darn! After that, I joined Wendy to sleep in her room. Ha! She slept on the bed, I slept on the mattress on the floor. Ha! Slept till her mom came back, then she went to bath and this and that. We left her house at 3.15.   All of us met at Woodlands Control Station at around 3.30. Our group went up first, while the other is waiting for MeiYing's sister. Me, CQ, WQ sit at one side, while Wendy, Ping, Chun, Amanda and Janet sat the opposite seats. We chatted and talked and mooed and meowed. Heh. We alrighted at Marina Bay, then took a bus 400 to the restuarant.   Woah! We were there VERY early! Woah! We were joined by Hann later on. After some minutes of waiting around, we went into the restuarant and found that it was open.So, we decided to eat then. Each of us pays $12.   Everyone was like....woah. In a flurry to get things. I was very confused, so I didn't get anything. Hmm... meat was brought back first, so we fried meat to eat. Quite nice actually! They brought back crabs and prawns! Woah! They were really live (No wonder they call the restuarant Zheng Fa Huo Hai Xian (Cheng Fa Live Seafood) )!! Oh god! The prawns are alive and kicking! They struggled when we try to put them into the water!! HaHa!! So cute!   Woah! I find that hor, people don't like a lot of things i like, except for Hann. At my table, WQ and some cats don't like seafood. They took a lot a lot of french fries and chicken wings! Such a waste of money. Only Hann and me like sotong ar, cuttlefish ar, harms ar, vessels ar.... Hann even stole my sotong!!! My beautiful sotong!! Eating steamboat without these hor, is not called eating steamboat. Only cuttlefishes, sotongs, harms and other things complete "steamboat"! Even the boiled harms are nice to eat! The steam from the stock soup fogged up my glasses. My glasses are so oily!!   After that, me, Hann and CQ went to the arcade to play. Hann played the Para Para! Woah! He's so good at dancing Para Para wor! Moo meow! Ayiah....we flitted here and there, between the arcade and the restuarant. HaHaHa! We started to leave around 8, but in the end, we left at 8.30. Hm...we went to Orchard to see the Chistmas decos.  Woah! So spectacular! Never been to Orchard to see Christmas decos before leh! So cute the decorations! I love the hanging lights! We walked around and saw many buskers! Woah!! They then decided to go to Heeren to take NeoPrints. Woah! Took such a long time! Most of us were rushing back home. But we don't have the heart to tell them that we are going. Nobody does. So we waited like fools. Till Wendy and Clar came running out and we went back home. You shoulda seen WQ. He was madly rushing for the train. I foresaw that he couldn't catch the arriving train. And I was right. Stupid guy. What's the difference between catching a train then and catching a train 4 mins later? Anyway, we went back at, reached home at 11. It was pouring real heavily when I was going home. Oh god!  Okay....today hor, I went to East Coast Park for celebration. The choir is celebrating for us  We took bus 966 there. What a long journey! Then, we had to walk quite a fair bit to get to our shelter. Heh heh. Firstly, some of us went to the beach to play, while some rented bikes and skates. Those who went to the beach are those playing bikes/skates later. Oh...I treated Wendy today. HaHa! She spent about $12 off moi. Heh! Me, CQ were walking on the beach..getting our feet soaked. HaHa. We found stones and threw them into the water. Heh. After a while, we stopped and rest. Me, Ji and his sister went to the shelter to rest and wait for lunch. Then, HF and YJ joined us and we played daidee. After that, we played Cheat. HaHa. I almost ended up being the loser.   For lunch, we ate YiJuia's noodles. woah! So nice! JiJia is really good at cooking wor! After lunch, we went to rent bikes and skates. Me, SL and Joyce rented skates, while CQ, YT and SP rented bikes. Woah! This was my first time on skates! So fun and exciting. We made SP teach us to skate. I mastered it first, then Joyce. SL gave up after bout 50 minutes of trying. We were practising along a fence. I was supporting SL and helping Joyce. I got a cut there from a rusted nail, which made me ultra paranoid about getting tenatus. HaHa! We had difficulty walking up and down ramps. Heh. Joyce and I kept holding on to CQ & YT's bike. HeHe! I had fun skating!   After doing that, we went back to the shelter to play some games. Woah! First game was running and getting sweets from a pile of flour. We were kinda unwilling, but we gave in to their pleads in the end. Our group (Me, CQ, YT, SL and Joyce) won! Yay!! After that leh, we took photos. Then, it started to rain! Heavily! Oh my meow!! Mine and CQ's backs were wet, because our back is facing the direction of where the rain pours in. Oo my! First, we played truth or dare. For this, we played it kinda differently. We held hands, and if we wanted to kill people, we squeeze our partner's hand the number of the people the vicitim is sitting from us. I got Joyce and CQ as partners. When Joyce was murderer, she kept squeezing my hand. HaHa! Once, I was murderer, and I squeezed CQ's and Joyce's hands two times, killing HM and TW. Heh. So fun! After that leh, we played the game Zhong Ji Mi Ma. The loswer has to play Truth Or Dare. Joyce lost during once, but she refused to tell the truth, so she had to do a dare. The dare is to shout from far away: "I like XC!". She gave me a murderous stare when I suggested that. Heh heh heh!!   Hmm....we stopped the game after the rain let down. We ate some more food, then went home. We met Wendy and EC after thir bathing, and CQ they all went to change clothes. Me and Joyce took some seashells EC don't want and threw the rest away into the sea. HaHa! So fun!   After changing clothes and throwing away seashells, we went home lor. We took the bus at 5++. The rest stopped at a MRT station, while me and Wendy stayed on the bus till it reaches Woolands. We chatted about a lot of stuff. HeHe.   I reached home at about7.15, bathed and ate dinner (instant noodles). Ayiah. That's all lor. HeHe. Sorry for sounding rushed. I am kinda tired now. So, see ya tomorrow. Night blog!
    


	 
      Hey hey! I am back.  Hmmm...nothing much to report on. I played the computer the whole afternoon. Chatted online, played games online.   Oo oo!! You know what? I went to a Charmed site, and they got this signs to tell you that you are an obsessive fan. I will post my 'obsessive fan' habits. Okayy...here goes.   You are watching too much Charmed when:  -->When you walk up to an automatic door at the grocery store,you wave your hand like Prue used to do and pretend you used Telekinesis to open it. (I do that to the lifts often! HaHa!)  -->You hold out your hand and call for things that are across the room (I always like to do that!)  -->If you get angry at someone, you wave your hands about, trying to blow them up (Ha!)  -->Whenever a charmed ad comes on tv or radio, you yell at the whole room to shush and listen intently to the ad. Then when its over, you get all excited about it and everyone rolls their eyes. (Yep yep yep! I even hush up my family whenever Charmed is on! I want to hear properly!!)  -->Dream about Charmed (Oh boy!)  -->You own all the Charmed books that you are aware are on sale ( have about 14 now!)  -->You obsess for hours about a certain character and wonder how cool it would be to have their power (Oh yeah! I sure do!)  Guilty as charged! Heh heh heh! Alright...gotta end this liao. See! You learnt something interesting about me today. Night blog!
    


	 
      Heh heh! Sorry for not blogging yesterday. I am running out of time. Heh.  Okie...yesterday's my History paper. Before the paper, I studied in the morning lor. Then, met Ji at 12 and went to school. At school, me, Ji, Manda and SL discussed aboutHistory lor. I taught them the War In The Pacific. Hmm...I have been doing this question all year, so if it comes out in the exam, I think I would do it.  Hmm...the History exam...sigh. It ended up being the same as the SS paper. Yes, Japan did came out. But they asked about attacking Pearl Harbor, which I didn't even learn. Sigh! I anyhow came out with explanations. I hope they can get through. One question, asking about reasons why Japan attacked China, I know how to answer. Ha! I had been answering that for ages. SBQ was a shocker. 3 pictorial sources! Oh my my. But it was kinda easy la. Come one lor. No motives to be inferred (they don't even provide you with provenanance), so the highest level is not the motive level. Kinda worrying, but the questions were easy. Sigh...everybody thinks we are gonna be toasted by this paper. There goes my A!!  Hmmm....me, Ji, SL and HuiMin went to Causeway Point to buy present for YiChun. First, we went to eat at the foodcourt. Hmmmmm.....very shocking. VERY VERY shocking. After that, we went to buy a prezzie lor. We brought a DIY photo frame, where she can mould and paint. I think she would like it, being an artistic person.  After that, came back and watched TV lor. Heh heh! The Holland V millionaire special is so fun to watch! So funny the cast! Heh!! After that, came online and chatted lor.  Charmed is so cool!! Piper delivered her baby ("If you are referring to Mr Winkie between the legs, yeah, it's a boy" Phoebe). O.o!! So cool! They used unicorn magic to vanquish the evil cats. What a cute baby boy!  Sigh. I am being forced to cut my hair after blogging. Why can't I lead my life the way I want?! WHY MUST THE SCHOOL/GOVERNMENT IMPOSE SUCH TERRIBLE RESTRICTIONS ON MY LIFE? When I am going to school, I am going there to be taught knowledge, NOT to have my life controlled by conservative idiots. Why can't males have long hair? What kind of rubbish-convention is this? Even in dynastic China, males have extremely long hair. Even in medievel ages, males have long hair too! Why and how did China men evolve from having long hair to keeping them short now? This is the new age, people! We are being controlled by the tight-rules of our supposedly-modern society. It pains me to be adhering to these idiotic, life-controlling 'rules'. Sigh..... I wish convention can be done away! Gone!! Then, we can live in a modern socirty, unbound by conservative laws. Sigh! If you think I am letting my hair cut without presenting a fight, then I say, you are sadly mistaken.  See ya tonight, blog! Bye!
    


	 
      Heya! Today's meowing Tuesday. Rainy rainy Tuesday.  Hmm...today I was kinda tired in the morning. You see ar, my mother is working extra early tomorrow (Shop N Save is stock-taking). So, she asked my father to fetch her and her friend (Pei Pei) to work. To get a free ride to school, I decided to take my father's car. They are leaving at 5.40, so that means I have to wake up at 4.45. Sigh!! I reached the Inerchange at 5.45. So early. And so sleepy.  Hmmm...first hor, I got A-Maths 2. Woah!! I tell you hor!! It's so damn easy! I felt happy doing the paper, especially the Straight-Line graph! That question I know man! This is the topic which worried me the most, but I was able to solve it quite efficiently. Heh heh. The rest okay la. Some easy, some challenging. But hey! Very easy on the whole.  After A-Maths (finally over!), we studied Chem lor. Actually, I spent most of my time teaching Wendy Chemistry. Especially Organic Chem and techinques on Salt-Making. I feel that salt-making will come out, and Organic Chem has a high possibility. I didn't really revise much. Too much confidence in myself ba.  HaHa! The Chem paper was easy! Although it was harder than Prelims, on the whole, it was considered an easy paper. This time, there was more "memory work", asking us to state uses of so-many-things. Surprise surprise. Organic Chem only had one question appearing, and that was extremely easy for words. They asked for names of processes. Whoever got them wrong is really....go jump down the building la. No suprise that in essay, a salt-making technique was asked (titration). Hmm.....the only question that stumped me was something about measuing volume of methane/products formed in temperatures below and above 100 degrees. Other than that, the paper was easy.  Hmm...I was planning to watch Matrix Revolutions today. But never did I expect that the next avialable show is at 7. I told my Mother beforehand that I would be back at 6something. You can't expect me to go back on my promises. I have responsibilities you know. Sigh... Now these people are on a mission to ignore me. Well, everybody's speaking to me. Except for petty old WQ. Oh. Well.  Due to threats from my mother to switch off the main power (darn! Should have broke my promise...hate it when she do that!), I gotta be going now. Bad ending for blogs? Very. But we can't win under unfair dictorial maternal rule. So oh well. See ya tomorrow after History. Night blog!
    


	 
      Hey hey! Monday...the start of the week. The beginning of the end!  Ayiah...today hor, was quite boring la. It turned out that my plan to sleep late failed utterly. I woke up even before they left. I was planning to wake up real late, after my family leave for the Yishun doctor. But hor, I woke up so early. But of course, I pretended to be sleeping till they left the door. Woah! I walked around, calling friends out of boredom. After bathing, Mom claled to buy ask what breakfast I wanted. It turned out that the doctor didn't come today. Sigh.  Hmm...I mostly surfed the Net in the morning. Hmm....I wanted to study in the afternoon la.  Ha! In the end hor, I almost sudied nothing. HeHe. What did I do ar? I went through A-Maths, then studied Germany lor. After that, I fell asleep. Heh heh. Sleep sleep sleep till 4 something. Heh. I called my gego friends. They said Geog was easy..or at least, average for them. That's good.  Oh my! I just got wind that the choir SYF photos are out. Ahh! I have to pay $5 you know. Hmm! Have to come up with $5 meow meow tomorrow.  Oh well. Gotta keep this short. I am teaching Wendy Organic Chem lor. Hmm....I hope she can understand the chapter. At least, you know...till tomorrow Chem. Yeah. All the best to those taking A-Maths and Chem. Se ya tomorrow. Night blog!
    


	 
      Sunday! The last day of the wee k ! The day so free...so warm..er-hm.  Ehhh...today I went to Wendy's house to study. I helped her buy stamps along the w a y. The girl ar. Still sleeping when I came. Haha! I had to wait for her outside while she wakes up and get ready. Meow!!  Hmm...I completed everything in Chem until Organic Chem. I am leaving Organic Chem till tomorrow, 'cause I am teaching Wendy. Study at the same  t ime lor. Wendy studied her Geog, something about arigicultural plantation. Moo meow!  Ermm...we chatted quite a fair bit today. Like we always do. This time, Wendy wanted to "enter" herself in the Teenage Magazine Penpal. HeHe. She did that last time, and some people sent in boring letters. Heh heh. I was thinking it would be fun to answer them, so I suggested to Wendy that she give me all her boring letters that she's gonna receive. She don't want to reply ma, so I do it for her lor! Heh heh! I am thinking of different styles of reply in. Diplomatic, sarcastic, airhead...so fun!  I am so awaiting the lett e rs!   After studying, we played MahJong again. I swear that I have the worst luck ever. I kept having the game of waiting-for-one-tile-to-hu, but that one tile never came. Instead, I everytime discard tiles, my discarded tile will be picked up by the other players and I make them hu. Err!!! Wendy, on the other hand, same situation as me, but hor, she keeps winning. She ji mou or pick up tiles from other people. So good! I will never gamble on MahJong. I will lose till very chan.  Today, me and Wendy ate with her Third Brother. Her mother is painting the wall. O.o It's a new experience. Heh. Seriously. Uhmm....the chicken stall changed owners. Now, the rice and soup and chilli flavour is not aqs good compared to the previous one. Sigh!! I brought duck noodles back for my brother.  Hmm..I end le ba...Heh. Oh...wishing the Geog students good luck for their exam tomorrow! May the exam be as easy as meowing! See ya tomorrow. Night blog!
    


	 
      Oh hey! Saturday...the first weekend day. O.o  You know what? I am still singing the trailer song...(MacBeth spell). HaHa! It's so easy to sing and memorise. I sang myself to sleep last night. I sang in while bathing. I sang it practically everywhere. HaHa! I am so obsessed with the movie, which is ONLY coming out June 4th next year. Darn!   Alright...today I studied about...let's see....4 chapters. HeHe! Well, I was pretty distracted over there, but oh well. I am gonna make it up on Sunday (tomorrow...duhz!). Hmm...I am okay with the fundamentals of Chem. However, I need to know more than the fundamentals to score an A. Hmm!! Ah Ji said that I know my Chem work, and all I made is careless mistakes, and I can't save them by studying even harder. He's got a point you know...but Chem's my forte. My best forte so to speak. Cannot let Chem grades drop AT ALL!  Today leh, I learnt the sacred art of MahJong!! :) HaHaHa! I learnt by the help of PS and Wendy's mom's game. Heh Heh! So fun the game! So addictive some more! Woah! I won twice! HaHa! Pung! Chi! Gang! Hu!!! Bwahahaha! I can't wait to play it in real life!  HaHa! I think I shall end here le ba....so see ya tomorrow.  Double double toil and trouble.....  Night blog!  Fire burn and cauldron bubble.... 
    


	 
      Hey hey! Today's Freakin Friday. TGIF!  Ahh yes. Today, I revised about 9 chapters of Chem. It's very easy...basics and all, so I just breezed through them. HaHaHa! WQ came to study...and I had fun talking. Yep. The silly ramblings of a deluded lonely cat. After studying, we played the PS2 and I cooked mee for him again. Hmm...this time round, I made a comeback using Phoenix. HeHe! I mainly won by using my throws. Solar Flare ar...and I knew how to take opportunities and also built up my "trance" meter. Yeah. Special moves can be done using the blue bars up there. I don't think WQ knows. His specials were mainly done by luck. My strat was to keep him as far away as possible using throws, build up my meter, and attack using my special moves. Hehe! Opps, WQ might read this. Oh well! WQ!! Pretend you didn't read ar! Heh.  Oh my my!! I download the PoA movie trailer! Oh my god! It's so exciting! Ahh!!! I love the Hogwarts choir. They are singing a song from MacBeth, one of the Weird Sister's spell. I will post the lyrics later, courtesy of  urlLink MuggleNet . Everybody matured a lot! The most obvious is Malfoy! Boy, he sure grew! Hermione grew more beautiful. Lupin and Black (the actors who play them) are so handsome! The actress who plays Trelawney is so beautiful too! Of all the teachers, I love Trelawney the best! :) I am so excited about this movie!! Oh oh oh!!   I just returned from Survivor. Oh my! That was a close shave! Rupert's not eliminated! Good good good! He can continue winning Immunity. But oh well. These are the people I would like to get into the Final Four: Rupert, Christa, Sandra, Lil. I feel that they play the game real well. And they have the potential to outwit, outplay and outlast the rest. Uhm-hmm!   Alright...I think I end liao. Okay....lyrics first.  Double, double toil and trouble;  Fire burn, and cauldron bubble.  Double, double toil and trouble--  Something wicked this way comes  Eye of newt, and toe of frog,  Wool of bat, and tongue of dog,  Adder's fork, and blind-worm's sting,  Lizard's leg, and owlet's wing,â€”  Double, double toil and trouble;  Fire burn, and cauldron bubble.  Double, double toil and trouble;  Fire burn and cauldron bubble.  Something wicked this way comes.  Heh heh! I love this song. Currently memorising it and singing it! Alright...see ya later. Night blog!
    


	 
      Hey hey! Today's Thursday!  Wait! Before I delve into what Thursday holds for me, I want to tell you something about Charmed. You see ar, the Charmed ones are having a series of dreams (problematic ones to be exact). And guess what? I was able to diagnose, very accurately, the significance of their dreams. I am so proud of myself! My Charmed knowledge has not been wasted learning! :)  Alright. Today we had Bio, both papers. On the whole, it was easy. Only had some problems with a few questions, but I found myself enoying both papers. HaHa! Easy ma....even everybody said it was easy. :) You know, I was utterly bored throughout thw whole 2 papers.I finished about half an hour early for both papers, and I was stuck with nothing to do. So, I turned to observing the teachers in front of me. The Chief Examiner in particular. He has no rings on his finger. Is he single? I see many teachers with rings...except him. HaHa!! I am so pervertic...but hey! I am bored. I also wrote a poem, which I will post later. It's a LONG one.  After exams, we went to LJS to eat! I was cheated!! The guy spoke so fast...I only heard "salad or fries" in the end. Of course I chose fries. But!! The total turned out to be $4.90! Wayyyyy more than what I originally planned! I was so cheated! How could they cheat customers?!!! CQ also didn't understand, but he learnt from me and said "no no no" to everything. And he didn't get cheated! This is so unfair. Next time, if they dare to mumble again, I say loudly "No to everything! Normal meal that cost $3.60!!". Ayioh!! And hor, I met Wendy, YiChun, Amanda and Wendy. I stayed for a while to wait for Net to finish eating. After that, we went home lor.  Okay...I basically relaxed today. I played games ar, surfed the Net ar. Yeah la. I will only start revision tomorrow, starting with Chem. I am invitng WQ over to study lor. So afraid he won't study...and also I want accompaniment! Hehe! Must socre well in Chem, KY!  Okie....I think I should end le! Ehh! Not without posting my poem first! Presenting....    Choir   Tee Tee Tee Tuka Ton. Do you rememeber? Or from your memories gone?  The old choir days, Full of excitement and fun. We sing anything, (okay not all) Under the sun.  Mr Low, Mr Sharill, Lastly Miss Choo. Second one I like to kill.  Ba Jun Zhang, Beauty and the Beast. Miss Choo's songs, Are fun to say the least.  I miss choir, Darn! I graduated! But hey, come back I can! For my memories hasn't faded!   Tada! Here;s my ode to choir! :) Alright see ya tomorrow. Night blog! 
    


	 
      Heya! Wednesday is always exciting!   Today, I completed Bio revision liao! HaHaHa! I spent about 2 hours studying 6 chapters. YaY! I am doing some last-minute revision tomorrow.Hmm.... Wish me all the best for Bio? HaHa!  Okay...today I went with Mother to buy my brother's remaining school textbooks. As expected, I was mistaken for an Evgian by the bookshop vendor. You know, I was expecting myself to be 'caught' by the principal for not wearing school u. I prepared a speech you know "With all due respect, I am not from Evergreen. Not everyone who steps into the front gate is an EVGian you know." Too bad I don't have to the chance to use it. Such a pity.  Hmm...I went to eat lunch at Woodlands Central. Sigh! Today was so dissappointing. the stall which makes fabulous laksa moved away, and today the dessert stall didn't open. Sigh!!!!   Oh yes. They brought the PS2 to be 'fixed'. It cannot play PS1 games (which was supposed to). The uncle told us that we need some special procedure, like swtich off and switch on, press reset button twice. Something like that la. And they brought a driving wheel, complete with pedals back. It was for racing purposes la. O.O!! I tried it....it's better in some ways. Ha! I make a lousy driver.   Hmm...ya know. I've been playing Makin Magic for quite some time now. I must say...it's quite fun! I learnt like 3-4 spells? Oh yeah! HaHa! I've been having fun. I need to improve a lot on my Sim's skills to earn MagiCoins ar, to become a superstar ar. Woah! So taxing wor! But so fun! I like it! And the music too! Wooooooo.......  Oh! You wanna know the result of Wendy's choice yesterday? It was a tough call, but due to a bit of luck here and there, Aaron Carter won! What a close shave!  Hmm...I gotta be going to watch Charmed. Sand Francsico's Dreaming tonight! Arlighty then. See ya tomorrow after the Bio exam. Night blog!
    


	 
      Hey hey! Sorry for not writing. Yesterday was terribly rushed. Yes it was. I'll explain later. Just read.  Let's start with Monday first. Monday was the dreaded A-Maths paper. Hmm. I didn't think it was dreaded on Sunday. I was kinda confident that I can do well. Or at elast, pass. But, seeing this paper....sigh. Everybody thinks it's easy. I think it's not easy, but not difficult either. I have not much confident. A-Maths is a borderline subject for me. Either pass or fail. And mistakes can easily cause me to fail. I CANNOT fail A-Maths. If so, there goes my dream of majoring Chem in university. Or Bio for that matter. Sigh!! Must work hard for A-Maths 2! Darn darn darn.  Hm. I ddin't study on Monday. I went out the whole afternoon with parents to Ang Mo Kio and Whampoa. Hmmm...go AMK to shop and eat lor. First, we ate lunch.Iate the yong tau foo my brother keeps complimenting about. I hate it. For the simple fact that spring onions and fried onions were added into my mian! I HATE SPING ONIONS AND FRIED ONIONS! Nice to eat meh? So er xin the taste! I can't believe people would willingly pop them into their mouth. When seeing these things floating in my soup, I screamed. And trasferred them into my brother's soup. I said I would scream (at the stall, loudly too) if er xin objects were added. Er! Can't stand those people. Anyhow add garnishes without even asking. HELLO! People have different taste, thank you very much. That's why. I must bring my own stuff and not ask vendors to bring them themselves. This is one sure-fire way of preventing THOSE things into entering my soup.   Er-hmm. Enough about disgusting garnishes and automatic vendors. After eating, we went to Popular to buy textbooks for my brother. Woah!! The booklist is full of mistakes! Mostly mistakes on author's names. Wah! It caused some confusion when we are buying texts, but we solved the problem by comparing the publisher and price list with the list they displayed in Popular. Ha! I won by saying "Your booklist is completely biased! Why buy from there instead of Popular, where you can even get discount? 5% is a lot you know!" I think there's a conspiracy by the school bookshops around Singapore. They would deliberately change some things here and there to confuse parents from buying outside (and getting a discount). Sheesh. Only want to make money. How I know? This year hor, my parents brought my books from Popular (which is a few...the rest were brought in sec 3). The auntie was complaining non-stop about us buying from Popular. Sheesh. And below the booklist (my brother's) were the words "Please buy from school bookshops to ensure accuracy...". A-HA! This means that they are admitting that they deliberately changed booklist accuracy. In some words or so. Anyway, whatever. So long as there are people like me to spot "mistakes", the world would be a better place.  After that, we went to the library to borrow books. I borrowed some books on styles of writing and journalism. :) After that, we went to Whampoa to eat duck porridge. Wah lao! While my father is trying to park his car, some idiot driver hor....moved in front....then decide to move back. And caused a crash! It's only a minor fender-bender on my father's taxi, but the guy said it's not his fault! It's common courtesy to wait for a driver to park his car, then rush forward. Sheesh! These people are the ones causing road accidents everywhere! Okayy...we ate the delicious duck porridge! Heavenly! After that, we went to 933 in Balestier to buy back chicken (their chicken is heavenly too! Ditto for the sauce!).   Okay! After dinner, I watched TV then came online for a little while. Then, it's off to eat chilli crabs! The chilli taste great!! And the crab meat have much more taste than last time's (so bland!). Actually, I ate more chilli than I ate crab meat. HaHa! I always do! After that, watched Are You Hot, then Friends.  Wole up to a bright early Tuesday morning! I studied lets say...till chapter 16...I studied 8 chapters lor. Ha!! I am studying the last 6 tomorrow. I can cope la. 3 in the morning. 3 in the afternoon. Or whatever.   I invited WQ to come over to study in the afternoon. I am afraid he cannot concentrate. We studied from 1+ till 4. At 4, we cooked Mi Goreng (hate that favor). Hmm! Then, after that, we played PS2 lor. We played Need For Speed, which needless to say, I lost. How can I win against a racing talent? Okay, then we played X-Men. You know what? I lost most of the games...to a beginner. sigh! I keep depending on my powers....he keep using brute force. O.o! I lost uterrly using Storm. I won some using Phoenix. HaHa!! Both of them are so cool!   CQ smsed me. He's having a fever and he feels bad about not being able to study! Oh my! I called over immediately! I told him it would be okay! Must rest well and tomorrow study! Ah Ji! I have confidence in you, okay! Don't stress yourself out too much! Get well soon!  Alright....today Holland V a lot of developments! YanYan first don't like TianXiang, then agree to marry him even he says she don't need to. Then, she sad that she's marrying him, and flirts with XiaoXin. Today, JingJing met up with XiaoXin! Oh! How I wish both of them would be together!   Okay...I am currently playing a game with Wendy. It's something like we ask each other who we prefer (insert someone's name) or (another peron's name). Mostly are people in the entertainment industry. HaHa! She finished mine with Jewel. HaHa! I am still asking her! She's currently deciding between Aaron Carter or Westlife. Oh...Aaron won again. I must ask her more! Wahahaha!!   Alright! Gotta go now! See ya tomorrow! Night blog!
    


	 
      Heya! Sunday befalls on us like a day like no other.  Hmm...today morning was like other Sunday mornings, so I won't elaborate much. Today ws quite okay-ey type of morning.  I went to Wendy's house to study in the afternoon, as usual. I completed the chapters of differentiation and integration there. Two major important chapters completed! Woo-hoo! We cooked hot dogs and instant noodles too. Always eat there one. Ha!! Today, Wendy fell sick, so I made her sleep. I helped her to boil the water and pour into containers. HaHa! Hmmm...she seems pretty sick. Get lotsa rest hor. Get well soon for Bio exam, Wendy! After that leh, we went down to eat. This is one of my most fun times eating together. We laughed and talked a lot. HaHa!! :D   Came back, bathed and came online. I had to make this short...later no time to write le. I had to go watch Singapore Brainiest Teacher. See ya tomorrow! Bye blog!
    


	 
      Hey hey!  Sorry for not updating yesterday. I was busy. With what? Ahh..tell ya later.  Hmm...overall for both days, I actually revised 4 A-maths chapter. And these 4 are done yesterday. Yeah yeah. I know. Screw me. But heck! I will sutdy hard tomorrow. And it's not gonna be an empty promise!  Okay...yesterday, my father did not work. Instead, he brought us out to breakfast. After that, we came back and laze around till lunch-time. You know, I like listening to my mother talk on the phone. She always curse her boss (lao-yao-guai) for being bitchy/unreasonable, or gossip about her colleagues with another colleaque (Yong Kee, I believe. She and my mom are the only part-time cashiers, and almost the same working hours.). So funny...hahaha!!   Okay, we had lunch at Admiralty Place, where I met Su Ping, Xue Lin and Clar. Waved hello and bye bye. HaHa! Oh oh! I brought my Makin Magic!! Oh my god! So cute! So cool! But I can't install it, cuase I need Superstar. However, I ain't getting one till Monday...so I placed my MM on top of my computer table. It looks nice like that. :) Oh oh! And guess what? My mom brought a PS2 for my brother! Can you believe it? I na't...she said she won't buy it. Ahh...but she still did. I wonder why. I think they struck lottery or something, but didn't tell us. Hmm!! And I picked up quite a few games too (free ones of course). Like X-Men, Harvest Moon. No FFX though. Awww. The X-Men game is cool! I love Storm! So beautiful. I learnt a move le...hmm! I wish there are more X-Men, like Jublilee or something. The Street Fighter game is cool too! I used the female fighters (Chun-Li) especially. And I was able to win! Woo-hoo! When I mentioned it to my friends (actually, only Wendy, XC and WQ), both Wendy and WQ exclaimed their jealousy. Thay's why leh, I didn't want to mention it at first one. In fact, I only mentioed I got a PS2 when I said I "gotta go play with brother". Meow!   Hmm...Survivor was a shocker. Andrew Savage got voted out. That's because Lil joined the Drake team to vote him off! Yeah. Lil and Burton joined the game! Woo-hoo! Predicted. Hmmm, can someone please vote Jon off?! I hate him. Ergh!   Okie...today, I went to Wendy's house to celebrate CQ's birthday! Yep! I arrived there at 12.53 (after lunch at 768 with family. Yep...Father didn't work today. I really wonder if they won lottery!). I was like talking with Wendy when WQ suddenly appeared in the doorway. Wah lao. Just stand there without helloing. HaHa! After that leh, we talk talk a bit, then I go down to buy cake with Wendy. I brought Lassie down too. She's so inquistive. Keep sniffing here and there. HaHa! I brought the same cake as we did for Arman. Then, we returned and we talk talk some more. Until Wendy remembered we didn't buy any drink. So, I went down to buy a large bottle of Ice Lemon Tea (CQ's fav). I have to walk all the way to 888's NTUC coz the shop downstairs has no ILT stocks. Then, I walked back, and just when I was about to press the lift button, guess who messaged? Ah Ji. He arrrived. Woah!! I groaned loudly (to the stares of the people near me).I had to walk back and from twice!! HaHa!! I met him, and guided him to Wendy's house.  Yep! The celebration begins! We began by presenting the cake and drinks. While doing so, WQ actually whipped out his digital camera and started taking pictures/videos! Cool! I put in the candles, and lit some of them. The rest Wendy lit. We sang the birthday song (in Chinese) for Ah Ji. He then made a wish and blew out the candles. Wee!! We then cut the cake into 4 separate parts and ate them lor. We attempted to shoot Ah Ji while eating. We did it after some success! HaHa! I washed the dishes after everyone's done.  After that, we played Chocobo Racing till 5. HaHa! That's the reason why I didn't revise today. And I told Wendy "I got my priorities right and would squeeze time to study a-maths tomorrow." Ha! And hor, I cannot win today leh! Why!! Why!! I lost to WQ, a very newbie you know. HaHa! It sounds like I am very revengeful and a sore loser. These 3 people ganged up against me you know. So unfair. Hmp! I am so jinxed today. Ha!   After returning home, guess what I saw on my desk?!! SUPERSTAR!! Oh god!!! I can install the Sims now!! Woo-hoo! After a very quick bath, I set to install my game. I tried defraging the disk and cleaning it, but I gave up after it failed thousands of time. I went ahead the installation without doing anything. And guess what? I was able to install properly! The patching system of Makin Magic, which supposedly takes 40 minutes, took me about 15 minutes! Woo! And you know what? No bugs at all! Woo-hoo! I never encountered any bugs. I think that's because Singapore makes the Sim games themselves. :) So cool! My Sims can finally make magic!   Alright! Gotta be going to play Sims! See ya tomorrow! Night blog!
    


	 
      Heya! Me-ow meow!!   Today's my E-Maths paper 2. Hmm.... it was quite easy to some extent. Yeah. It was an easy paper on the whole.I didn't know like 2 questions? And I skipped question 7, because I spent too much time on question 6. I sdidn't really skip la. I tried to do 7 last...I knew the question So easy. I managed to complete the first 2 questions of 7 only...wasted sia. How meowful!  Hmm...after that, I stayed back to get my O Level papers. Meow meow! It was a mad rush of paper grabbing, but somehow, (thank my lucky stars meow meow) I got my papers back! I even managed to get Siva's. Gonna give it back to her! Meow!!   After that leh, a whole big bunch of us went to shop for prezzies. For SL and Ji lor. First, Ji went with us to buy SL's present. Meow meow! After much arguments and opinions (and invitations to one's home to play games), we finally decided on Jenja (the building blocks). Now, we must get rid of CQ. And got rid of him we did. Hmm...you know...I originally wanted to buy some something special for CQ alone one...but due to the lack of monetary funds, I have to share. Meow meow! In the end, we brought him a ***** (cannot reveal...later he read how?! Will revel the ans on sat!). I am passing it to him on Sat, along with a cake, I think. Meow!  Woah!! I can't wait for Makin Magic! And Superstar!! Oh my god! Popular has a lot of stocks you know! But I am so afraid they will get sold out! I want them!! Ohh!! Makin Magic!!! I want you!  Meow meow! Coming back home, I went online, played some Sims and watched the news. Oh! Our school was featured in both the Channel 8 and U news! The Channel 8 reported a talk by secondary schools to prepare primary school kids seondary school life. Miss Govind was seen giving a talk to the Northland Primary kids. In the Channel U news, a crane fell at our Rioverside construction site, injuring and killing an Indian man respectively. Meow meow! My codolences.   After that, watched TV lor. Yay! I finally planned CQ's party! Meow!! That shy little duck! Too embarrassed to celebrate in his house! In the end, have to celebrate at Wendy's house lor. Ha! I always feel guilty, becuase I invite people to her house without consulting her first. I am afraid she will be pissed off ma, but she said no. And she's bathing Lassie, so she can be clean for the Low cats to play with. Meow!! Gonna be fun, yeah!   Hmm...I gotta end le. See ya tomorrow. Night blog! 
    


	 
      Me-ow meow!   Today we have a free day. Yep. No exams....ahhh! Tomorrow is the E-Maths Paper 2. You know what? My brother is looking for a job. And you know. That makes 3 out of 4 family members working. And 1 freeloading cat (me!). Meow!! After thinking about the notion of getting a job, I do realise that I want to hold a job too.... I wonder if anyone would want to hire a short 16-year-old boy for a month only. Ha! Most probably not many. Meow? I think if I am applying, I am gonna go for a cashier job. Always wanted to be a cashier.    Hmm...I basically just studied a few E-Maths chapter, get tutored by the tutition teacher Maths. I also surfed the Net the whole day, then slept in the afternoon. Meow! I think I should stop blogging and go watch Charmed. House Call today! Meow!! Night blog! 
    


	 
      Heya! Tuesday!  Okie...today we have English and Social Studies papers. Hmmm....meow.  English was easy, yeah. But hor, everytime I say English papers easy, I ended up getting a lousy mark. The composition ar, I was stuck between two choices. One is asking you to imagine how you and your friends lives would have changed 10 years down the road. The other was asking you to describe what happened when you cannot find the passport for your journey to overseas. I did considered both questions. I can't make up my mind to do which. Therefore, I turned to the trusty earser for help. Passport story was chosen. Hmm... I wonder if I did well. Hmm, you know. I could probably write the compo for the friends one next time. I wanna write that! The compre leh...was quite average-gy. The summary points were quite easy to pick up, but was quite hard to fit into a 160-word summary. Meow.  Woah!! The SS paper ar. Took me by surpirse! So difficult the questions. All the topics I learnt you know! But their phrasing of the questions took me by surprise I never seen these bfore lor. I kinda panicked...and wasted 10 minutes choosing questions. Oh god. Meow meow! In th end, I chose good governance. Yeah...came up with crap la. SBQ was quite easy. Yeah. I seen the techinques before, so I cna answer lor. Woah lao! I am really hoping for History to save my Humane! Meow meow!  Okie...it's getting kinda late. I am ending this blog le. See ya tomorrow. Night blog!
    


	 
      Meow!! I aqm here! Ahh!!! The first day of the Os. How meowful!  Hm! Today we are tested on E-Maths and Physics. Woah!! Both papers leh, can be said easy on the general side. Yeah. Both of them have something in common: extremely easy for the first 2/3 of the paper, but the last 1/3 is very very tough. Woah!!   E-Maths was okay...I don't know the only about 3 questions ba. Kinda easy the paper. I never saw one question before, the other question got me muddled (similar triangles! They aren't similar at all! How to find, you tell me?). Meow meow!!  Physics was very easy compared to Prelims. Miss Tan sets papers 2-3 grades higher than O Level standard. That's a good thing, if you ask me. When we see the O Level paper, we won't get scared easily, because we been through a lot of Miss Tan's papers. Yeah. As again, the Section A's questions were extremely straight-forward. Mostly calculations, with few (and simple) theory questions. Section B was a killer. Not really, but the difficulty level can be compared to Miss Tan's. However, all are theory questions. Just apply what you learn can liao. Meow!! I felt happier you know. It gave me optimism to do the Chem Paper! Must maintain high Chem marks, and get more Physics marks. Then 'A' will be mine!! Meow meow!!  Hmm...today leh, I got a bit scared you know. Mrs Thong lor! Tell us so many consequences. What if I fail English? Actually, I don't think I'll fail. The least is a C6. The best mark I can get is B3, if I am lucky, A2. I certainly don't want a 6! Must at least get a B you know. I must be extra carfeul with tenses and the answering of questions. Must be stringent in my checking!!   SS ma, I have confidence I can do well. Hmm...it really have to depend on the questions that are coming out. I think I can at least secure a distinction lor. I just want an A1 for Combined Humane! Must you know! M-U-S-T!!   Hmm...tomorrow's gonna be a killing day on my finger, espeically the fourth finger on my right hand. That's where the pen lies, and it will hurt badly. I have to write 3 freaking papers tomorrow, each invloving at least an essay (summary for compre...and 2 drafts too!). I pity my finger. I am borrowing a finger band from Wendy. Meow!  Ayiah. I think I stop writing liao la. See ya tomorrow. Night blog!
    


	 
      Meow meow!! Sunday!  The same old same old. Woke up, took a bath, ate breakfast, read newspapers, watched show, came online while watching Huan Zhu Ge Ge.  Yep. I went to Wendy's house today. Hmm...I studied all the remaining E-Maths chapters, and revised Physics. Meow meow! I think Physics is okay le ba...I am atill unsure about my E-Maths though...I revise some more tomorrow morning lor.  After revision, I lazed around lor, waiting for Wendy's mother to come back so we can go down to eat. I slept halfway, but woke up after hearing myself snore. So embarrassing. Meow meow. Both of us then lazed around lor. Wendy had a terrible stomach ache. I told her to go rest, she don't want. Meow!! Get well soon hor.   Her mother came back, and after a while, took us down fof dinner. HaHa! Her mother treated me Vanilla Coke today, but she refused to let Wendy drink becuase of her stomach. Ooo! Wendy always felt her mom always treats me better than her ("You are like a spoilt brother that I never had"). Meow!! Not my fault! She should discuss this with her mother. Meow! Anyway, I brought back Wanton Mee for brother.   When I came back, Uncle Steven was there. He came to repair my brother's computer. Meow!! I took a bath and came online.   Aiyah. I am kinda scared and nervous. Tomorrow's O Levels leh. We have been waiting for this moment for 4 years! 4 freaking years! And it finally arrived! Oh my! Best of luck to me tomorrow! :)  Alright..I think I stop blogging. To those who are reading this: Good luck for your Os! May you socred grades that you are proud of! :) See ya tomorrow! Night blog!
    


	 
      Ohh!!! 1st November. First day of the meowing month! Forgot to mention yesterday: Happy Halloween!  Yesterday hor, the Survivor episode was cool!! The 'ghost tribe' of castaways Survivor came back to vie for positions back into the game! They called themselves the Outcasts! I fully supported the OutCasts man! In the end, they won you know!! Coolies! The Drake had to kick Shawn out, becuase they saw him less of a threat than Jon. Morgan...surprise surprise! No voting! First time in Survivor History, did a Survivor surrendered and got his torch extinguished without a vote! Oh my my!!    Yes yes! Topday's a meowing Sat. Woke up at 8 something, took a bath, went online, ate breakfast and watched cartoons. Meow!! I ate lunch at 12.30.  You know what?!! The Sims: Making Magic is out!!! Oh my god!! The Sims can make magic!!! I have been waiting for this moment!!! Meow meow meow!!! However, I need Superstar to install Making Magic. I want all the expansion packs ma....must install in order you know. Parents say they would buy for me next week! Wee....or not. Cannot play!!! Must study!! Cannot install!! So torturous.  Okay...I went to Wendy's house to study SS and Physics. WQ went along too. I told him to meet at the busstop when he arrives. I went up to Wendy's house first. We chit-chatted, then WQ smsed me to go down.  The idiot!! Called me when he's still in the bus! Made me so mad. I thought of letting Lassie bite him. Meow meow! And he's so apprehensive. Walked so slow behind. When he heard Lassir barking at us as we approach Wendy's house, he got scared. Silly cat!! He made Wendy hold Lassie when he comes in, and refused to go near Lassie. Ayiah! Must let the dog familiarise your smell ma! Cute dog!   We studied today! I completed my Physics and Social Studies revision! Finally!! Meow meow!! I noticed that me and Wendy talked less often today. Felt weird. Actually, I expected that. A 'stranger' venutring into 'our terrority'. I felt that WQ felt left out lor, coz me and Wendy were like trying to talk about topics that are kinda sensitive. Meow meow!!  After studying, Wendy cooked instant noodles for us. As usual, I sweated a lot. Meow!! They said I am not like any normal human being! Meow meow!! Wendy's mother said "good what!". HaHa!! After eating, we studied further. After studying leh, I went on to write a letter to Bright. Yeah la. Write to him, say my last words.  At 5.45, I went off. The sky is extremely dark! And I am very stupid. I shoulda walked. I could get home in 10 minutes. But no!! I took the bus. And ended up waiting for 15 minutes for the bus. I am so kicking myself for this!  I came back to an empty house. It looks like my father went with my brtoher to redeem his 8250 handphone my brother won in the arcade. Anyway, took a bath, watched TV and ate dinner. After that, came online lor.  I gotta be going le. See you tomorrow. Night blog!
    


	 
      HaHaHa!  The last entry for the year 2003. Thuis year sure came quick. Very quick. I remember us in January, saying things like "Ayiah...O Levels 11 months away...long long time la!". Ha! Now we are in December, the Os has past us. What an eventuful year. There are sure a lot of surprises.   I am listening to Perfect 10's Top 100 Countdown. HaHa. Now I listened till number 91 (1pm). Coolies. HaHa. There's a lot of 'tops' features, like Top 10 News Headlines of 2003. The top headline is SARS in Singapore. O.o How newsworthy.  HaHa. This paragraph is gonna get ugly, 'cause there's someone I want to critisize bad. Ha. You would have gussed by now that someone must be WQ. Yes. What a sore loser. Sore with a capital S. That idiot tried to tell me the songs that were coming up next, which I did not appreciate at all la. Therefore, I threatened that wuss with a secret of his (it was that shocking thing I noticed. yes, it was HIS. Now. There you know). Refusing to tell him what was it about and who else knew, he immediately blocked me on his Messenger. (Ayiah, he threatened me with "tell me or else.." I replied back with "or else what? I am not scared by your threats". I expected a blockage, so it came as no surprise.) Worthless arse. Sigh.... Such pettiness. Such idiocry. Such attitude. I doubt he can make it far in life (or even in JC or Poly. Seriously. Neither type of instituition suits him. Come to think of it, neither does ITE. He'll get beaten up within the first second. Forget about CIs. If he can't fit into JC, what makes you think he can fit into CIs?). Tsk tsk tsk. Shape up! Lose your loser attitude! (I doubt he's gonna listen. He's too thick-skinned to.) See la. 2003 ends on a sour note. How sour. (Whoever pisses me off with definitely incur my wrath. A lot of people has learnt that, especially WQ, who has learnt it multiple times. And WQ, forget about rebutting. Your rebuttals are lame. You don't even know how to rebutt properly. I'd love to see ya try though. It's always fun arguing.)  Hmm...oh yes. You must be wondering why I am blogging so early. HaHa. I dunnoe. I just felt like it lor. Tonight have no mood to blog ba. HeHe. (Psst...the above para...I think it's the longest para of this entry. O.o!)  Hmm...dunnoe what to write le la. I guess I'll just end off la. See ya next year! Byes!!
    


	 
      Hey hey! Tuesdays! Oh my moo moo!  Yesterday, we had champagne. HaHa. Not actually champagne la. Sparkling juice. It was what....a blue cocktail. Yeah. HaHa. It was sweet. It gets too sweet after a few gulps. HaHa. What a wonderful experience.   Hmm...today morning was spent in boredom again. Eat, go online....HaHa.   In the afternoon, I went to play bball with the usual gang again. HaHa. The weather is so strange. The sun is so shiny...yet there's rain. Rain for a few minutes, then stop. Strange weather cats! Our Earth is self-destructing!! (Stop jumping to mad conclusions, KY!!) We waited for XC...then went to another court. The court we were eyeing is full of chao Ah Lians (and Bengs) and idiotic cats who everytime ask people to match against them (like we are so free!!) and later siam people out of the court (terrible! they must be murdered!).  HaHa. I noticed something shocking. (Cannot say ar!!! Or else, I would incur the wrath of this cat) HaHa! I can tell you ar, it's very the shocking lor! HaHa. I told Ah Ji what I noticed, he don't believe me at first. After witnessing it, he was also very surprised! HaHa! Such a surprise...I refused to believe my eyes at first, but after making multiple checks, the truth was confirmed. Xiao shu lin wor!! HAHA!  HaHa. we played at the court where there's absolutely no shade. HaHa. The sun was so overbearing. HaHa. We took two breaks. HuiMin, Joyce and Gao Luan joined us later in the game. HAHA. During the game, I caused delibearte annoyance towards WQ (thwarting his scheme, hitting him, taking his ball..muhahaha). He tried to annoy me using the same way (what else? caused me bodily damage la). Ha! Revengeful fool. Like I am gonna stop 'annoying'. You know me better than that. Ha!  HaHa. Two girls joined us, wanting to make a 6vs6 game. They were quite small la. HaHa. Gloria said don't underestimate them because of their size. She's right. The smallest girl ended up on my team, and boy, she sure is powerful. Cool moves man! Like a pro. I wondered from whom did she learn from. Her old brother? Her father? (Such curiosity). We played till 5 something.  HaHa. I came back and sorted through my presents. I left them all lying around. HaHa. My mom said she would throw everything away tomorrow if I don't sort out my presents. HaHa. I put them all in their rightful place. O.o!   HaHa. Hmm.....tomorrow I must tune in to Perfect 10's Top 100 Countdown. From 12 noon to 10pm. Ahh! I must listen to which song got top! This should be interesting! HaHa...  Ah well. I think I am stopping here le. See ya tomorrow. Night blog!
    


	 
      Hey Ya!! Hey Ya!! (I am singing Outkast's Hey Ya. HaHa!) Monday moo meow!  Today morning was kinda boring. HaHa. I forgot what I did le....  HeHe. I went to AMK Central's hawker center to eat satay beehoon. So yummy! Even cuttlefish and see ham were added in there. So good! Even see hams and cuttlefish meowed at me!   After that, we went to NUTC FairPrice for some shopping. Hmm....we brought some goodies. I forgot what le....HaHa.  I came home, and went online for abit. All my friends were not online. No fun one! All of them went to Sakae Sushi to eat Jap food. HaHa. So, I decided to watch HomeRun (I brought the VCD just now), Bao Ba Hai Zi. HaHa! The story not bad la. So suspenseful too....the fates of the shoe. The great lengths the brother go to to give his sister her shcool shoes.....O.o!!  Hmm....after that go watch TV a bit, ate and came online lor. Bao Mei Li has this new segment of her own! YAY! So funny! HaHa. Bao Mei Li Hun Lian Ban (Bao Mei Li's Training Class). HaHa!!  Okay. I think I end this blog le. See ya tomorrow. Night blog!
    


	 
      Meow meow meow! Sunday meows!  Hmm...today morning the same old same old lor. Watch cartoons, programmes and went online. We ate macoroni for lunch. O.o!!  Later in the afternoon, me and WQ went to Changi Airpot. We had this crazy idea yesterday. HaHa. We are going there to walk around lor. For fun. You say we bo liao right? HeHe. We took bus 858 there, a journey totalling 57 minutes (WQ timed the trip. HaHa!).    We arrived in Terminal 1 and started walking around lor. Quite empty...until I saw a group of people (mainly Chinese) sitting around the Departure Hall. Obviously, they are waiting for their plane, and given their looks, they are going to China. HaHa. Inference inference!  We took the skytrain towards Terminal 2. That's way way bigger than Terminal 1 and more cats. We explored that place, walking from the basement till the top floor. At the Viewing Mall, I saw the planes taking off. I was awed by their majesty. Such a whole load of metal parts can actually glide through the air. I am such a suagu right?  HaHa...the thought really awed me lor.  After that, we went to Burger King to eat. I can't afford a meal, so I brought a single burger, BBQ Bacon something something. Wah...so hot, and sticky. HaHa. We set off home lor, taking the same bus.  I dopped off near 768 to buy dinner back for me and brother. I brought zhap fan, he brought yu pian mi fen. I ate dinner, watched TV, bathed and came online lor.   Sigh....yesterday and today so much things happened. I cannot write here....I badly want to tell you lor, but can't. I write in my diary book instead la.... Sigh lor...  I remembered a song in the shower. It's from The Truth About Jane and Sam, Zhen Xin Hua. It goes like this: Xi Huan Ni, Xiang Ai Ni, Xiang Shuo Zhen Xin Hua (Like you, Love you, Wanna Tell The Truth). I just thought of it lor....haha.... ~goes singing that line~  I think I am going le. See ya tomorrow. Night blog!
    


	 
      Heya! Saturday moo meows!  Today leh, I accompanied WQ to PJC ask for his appeal results. HaHa. They said they haven't process the appeals yet. This was what I predicted. HaHa. So kan cheong.   After that, we went to LJS's to eat. As usual, the cashiers tried to qiao zha me. I said "small drink" in a tight voice. HaHa.   Me and WQ were late for meeting with Hann. Me, Hann, WQ and XC were going to Tampines to buy YH's bag. HaHa. We took 969 to Tampines Central. Yao shu lor!! On the bus, Hann acuused me of liking Ji. He said the signs were obvious. I suddenly said "Where got obvious signs?"! Oh my god! They took it to mean that I admitted I like Ji! I originally meant to ask what were the signs. Die la die la! It will spread to Ah Ji one!! Si le la!  We went to Tampines to buy bag. Tampines Mall, I think. Hann went into this shop called The Wallet Shop. After a fair bit of choosing, XC and Hann chose the same bag. But alas! The store has only 1 stock of the colour they wanted (black and white). However, at the Heeren, they did have stock. Therefore, YH and XC wanted to go Heeren. Me anmd WQ don't want. After eating at a food court, we went our separate ways.  Me and WQ went to shop for his wallet. Shop till 4.15, then WQ went to eat some more. Rou chuo mian, that's what it's called. We took 969 bus home at 4.30. I read my book and also slept there. HaHa. All of the passengers, save for a few, were sleeping. HaHa. Such a funny sight.   I came back home, watched TV and ate dinner. Tada. Here I am. I think I gotta go liao la. See ya tomorrow. Night!
    


	 
      My blog typed previously was gone. F**K it. I have no mood to type everything out again, so I am listing things. I hate this entry.   -->Went to checkup about chest. Nothing wrong. Something about cheat heat. Don't understand  -->played bball with the usual gang. A bunch of idiots stole the court from us.  -->Rain poured, we went to under the blocks to shelter. Talk, then played Captain's Ball.     -->SL came. Gave out prezzies.   -->Hann lost ball. Can't find. Decided that it was stolen.  -->We went to eat. We discussed about things. I finished Reader's Digest.  -->Gloria gave me a Christmas prezzie. It was a candle holder with some candles. YaY! I always wanted a candle holder! No more using plates to put candles in. YaY! Thanks Gloria.  -->In the midst of reading Wendy's book. It's quite a meaningful book. I like it.... Will give a complete review after finishing it.   -->Gotta get going. See ya tomorrow. Night blog!
    


	 
      Oh my my my!!! 4 days of no blogging!!! O.o! Miss ya so much! Let me start from Monday, in choronoligcal order.   MONDAY   HaHa. I didn't blog because I was very lazy. HeHe. Okay, the morning was pretty boring. In the afternoon, I went swimming with Ben. Ahh...long long long time never go swimming le. HaHa. Feel kinda awkward for awhile...even forgotten the strokes for awhile. HaHa!   After swimming, I went to Cuaseway Point to buy the remaining presents (Amanda's, exchange's and EC's). I brought every single of them at Metro, the Trim shop where Wendy works. HaHa. Go and bother her. Her colleague said I am like a primary school kid. HeH.  When I came back, I recieved a shocking news. Tina, along with the chalet food, is taking my father's taxi to the chalet tomorrow. I was like, wtf.... I thought I told them I am not bringing the food, and MeiYing said they will bring there themselves. I am also quite pissed off lor....but in the end, agreed to fetch Tina and the food la.   After that, went to watch Friends and went to sleep (it was the longest sleep I had in two days. Tell ya why later.)   TUESDAY   Chalet day! HaHaHa! Yeah...I met Ben and HuiMin at 10 (they came to my house), Fathe fetched us, the whole lot of group to chalet (we picked Tina and food up along the way). We reached there at about 10.30++ la.   Hm...the chalet was a bit cramped. A short while later, they went to rent bikes/skates. Manda, Wendy, Ben, HM and LeYu all rented something. Me, Hann and KeYun didn't rent anything.   We went to eat lunch at a nearby foodcourt. We shared a herbal chicken and some noodles. HaHa. Eat eat there, and then talk. After eating, the three of us went to the beach to look at the sea, talk and relaxed. I forgotten what we talked about le, but it was very relaxing. HaHa. I felt like a kinda a bond between us. Possibly from us going to church together ba... HaHa. I like that kind of feeling.   After lazing around, we went back and saw a Channel U filming in progress. I don't know for what show la. Just watched them filmed lor. After that, just played things here and there. Talk with Amanda, HM and Ben in the pool (Amanda tried to splash water at me several times, and I was hit. HAHA!), watched people played pool.  XiaoXi and SuPing came to chalet! After a fair bit of milling around, we had a bright idea to rent a MahJong set to play with. There are some stores that rent MahJong for us to play. With that in mind, we excitedly went out to rent MahJong set. After renting, we picked up CQ and WQ, who just came.   Soon, the MahJong set delievered. Me, XiaoXi, SuPing, Hann and Wendy started playing MahJong. We took turns to play la. Ohter people joined in too, like KaiLun, JinHong and WeiLin. (That WQ critisized my playing techniques! Excuse me! As a MahJong player, I know what I am doing. I got my unique set of strategies! Ha! These helped me hu a lot of times okay!!) We played until 10+ (from 4+pm). I hardly had anything to eat. I only ate noodles and chicken wings (thanks Ah Ji again). I hued quite a little. HaHa.  We present exchanged. I got John's present (a monkey). Ah Ji and WQ had to go back first, so I collected their prezzies for them. I got a book from Wendy and Amanda, a box full of foods and goodies from Ke Yun, a Harry Potter owl from Chun. Thanks gals!!   After a short while, all of us went to the beach. We looked at the stars shining in the sky. We pointed to our stars and wish something on it. :D We looked out to the sea and feel it's calmness. We sang songs. HaHa. I was smsing Benjamin how to come here when everyone shouted! It turned out that they saw a shooting star. Darn!! I missed it! O.o!! I felt so ke xi. Sigh.... At 11++, we went back to the chalet.   WEDNESDAY   Ahh...Wednesday came so fast. We went back to chalet. We were supposed to pack the Christmas tree and go to sleep. Alas, we were distracted by the MahJong tiles. So, we played MahJong lor. HaHa. Wendy mentioned that when I hu right, I got a tone of cockiness. HaHaHa. I am like just happy that I hu lor. Huing is very hard you know. HaHa. I sure never notce....so O.O!   Around 3+, people started to get drunk. Andi was drunk first. Then Faiz. Oh my god. That was the start of the horror that would huant us until the end of the chalet. Okay....Hann was in danger. KeYun saw drunk Faiz coming and told Hann to go up the room and lock himself in. Luckily he managed to do so, or else he would have been beaten up. Sensing danger, Wendy told us all to go up. I practically ran up to the room. I am in danger. Hello! I am always being bullied by him. I am in mortal danger.  After Wendy pulling in JunZhong (he was being punched by Faiz), she locked the main doors. All of us were in the room lor, being safe and protected. I called XiaoXi they all (they were at the beach), telling them not to come back becaase of Faiz. Wei Lin in there was blaming himself, because he encouraged them to drink. He wants to apologize all of us and we forgiving him before he can go to sleep (he was drunk, but not really drunk). We never blamed him for this lor, yet he felt very guilty. I gained a whole new understanding and respect for Wei Lin. All of us said that we forgive him and encouraged him to rest. Meanwhile, that drunkard started hitting things at the door, wanting to break up the door. After some commotions, more door hitting, security guards came. They stopped the commotion.  Oh my god. The porch was in a mess. He threw noodles, mahjong tiles, even charcoal at the door. Terrible! We were ordered by the person-in-charge to clean up la. He even threw MahJong tiles everywhere, including the pool. Idiot. It took quite a while but everything was cleaned. We finished at about 6+am lor. One MahJong tile went missing, and not found.   Ya know...all of us felt pretty angry lor. He has to drink and spoil everyone's mood. Such an irresponsible idiot. He even cracked Amanda's phone, destroying it. Ergh! A lot of us hates him lor.   At 7, we went out. Me, Wendy and Ben were waiting for my father to fetch us. Ergh. We went out to the lobby to wait for my father (idiot person said cannot sleep there. toot!). At 8+, he arrived. There's a jam at the highway or something. As the car drives out, Madonna's Profusion is playing. It's so coincidential that the same song was playing when we are entering the chalet. HaHa.   I slept on the journey. We dropped Wendy off at Causeway Point and Ben at his house. Dad took me to eat breakfast at 768 (fried carrot cake) and fetched me home. HaHa. He didn't want to work anymore. After a nice long bath, I went to sleep.   I slept for 3 hours, from 10 to 1. HaHa. I woke up, still tired, but had to wake up. Parents brought back chicken rice, so I ate that for lunch. I went online for awhile, then set off le. I went to Wendy's house first to put the christmas tree back, then onwards to Cuaseway Point to meet XC.   He's like 55 minutes late. I am so glad I brought my Reader's Digest along, so I read about half the book while waiting for him. When he arrived, we went to buy presents. We then met Huimin, where she shopped for my present (for Melvin). Later, Mel arrived, then followed by EC and Ben. Me and EC exchanged prezzies. All of us travelled to Orchard, where we are gonna eat Seoul Garden.   We had to wait quite a while before we gets seats, but never mind la. As long as we got seats. We ate from 7 till 9.30. HaHa. We grilled meat, ate some soup thingys, and keep refilling our cups. Wah...I fell so bloated. HaHa. I owe XC $15, because he helped me pay for the meal. HaHa.   After coming out of Seoul Garden, we found a seculded spot and began our presents exchange. HaHa. I got a cup from EC, a photo frame from HM, some acessories from XC (whihc includes a bag, some handphone chains), a cat mug from Ben and a cat plushie from Melvin. HaHa.   After that leh, we squeezed through Orchard. Oh my god. It was sure damn crowded. Squeeze squeeze until the MRT. Me, Ben, XC and Mel took the train to City Hall, where Ben met his mother. He went to the hotel with his mom, while the three of us milled around waiting for him. When he finally did arrived, it was midnight. YaY! Merry Christmas!   THURSDAY   We went to Mel's place to play MahJong. Tong xiao MahJong. HaHa. We played with money. Darn. I cannot object. I have no money whatsoever. HaHa. One of my biggest win is the hand with 7 pairs. Everyone gives me $3.20. HaHa. but darn, I lost most of it when I hu wrongly. Darn darn darn!!! I lost all interest in playing then. I was bankrupt le la.  I left Mel's place at 7.30. Me and XC took 913. I went back to my house, took a bath and went to sleep. I hardly even have energy to eat breakfast. HaHa. Again, I slept for 3 hours, from 10 to 1. So, in total, I slept for 6+ hours in 2 days. That's an record! HaHa!   After waking up, I watched my recorded tapes. I only managed to complete watching the Ben Yue episodes and Charmed. I'll watch the rest later la.   After tape watching, I went online and surfed the Net. I then went for dinner, watched TV, and tada. I am here blogging.  I apologize if everything sounds very rushed, espeically at the end. I am very darn tired. I even got some anger to vent, but I guess I'll have to do it tomorrow. Ayiah, what else would anger me so greatly other than WQ's foul mouth and his stupid words? Don't even use his brain to think for a slightest bit before saying out inappopiriate things.   Alright, I think I am going le. See ya tomorrow. A very good night, blog!
    


	 
      Heya! Sunday!  I just came back from watching Brainest Teen. HaHa. One of the final contestant chose Billboard Top 100 as a specialist subject. That's quite a tough subject, unless you are very very informed of the music industry. Another contestant had a poor memory and did not remembered where his boards were. Oh meow!   Hmm... I didn't have much problems with my specs. I got comfortable with the vision thingy, no giddiness or anything. However, the two support-thingys that rests on my bridge of the nose actually made two marks on my nose. I think my specs are too tightly pressed to my nose le. Ergh.  Hmm...today I made 4 pages of my web! Weee.... at least I did something. HaHa. I am such a lazy cat.   Okay, today I was supposed to help MeiYing they all carry goods to Wendy's house. Take note of supposed. I did not help in the end. I can't leave the house and leave my brother all alone at home. Sigh...I can only offer directions to Wendy's house. They also said I will be delivering the food there too. I said I can't. My father is very annoyed that he has to scarifice his working hours (money-making time, to be exact) to fetch me there. I am not even sure he's fetching me back (How to take Wendy's christmas tree back? Never mind. I carry it on the train.). I can't demand more by telling him to pick up food at Wendy's house. Sigh... And hor, I don't know how I can manage to carry so MANY things down from my house to the cab. Have to make lotsa trips. Ben is helping, so is HuiMin (I think...). I think I am selfish by complaining. Just suddenly felt guilty for complaining so much. After all, I promised to help. I just never expected there're so many things lor. HaHa.  Hmm....I think that's all I have to say la. Darn. I haven't watched my recorded 8 Simple Rules For Dating My Daughter yet. See ya tomorrow. Night blog!
    


	 
      Hey hey. I know, I said just now that I am not posting. I can't resist not telling you what happened.  Okay...I got my new pair of specs. (I hear "Cheh! So surprising meh?"s) I felt so giddy. The lens this time were made to fit my new degrees (which increased 200 degrees), therefore, my eyes/brain were not used to it. Ergh...and you think I shouldn't blog and strain my eyes. Ha.   Oh my god. I am having stomach upsets these days. I visit the toilet at least 3 times a day just to clear my bowels you know!! I don't know what caused it lor. The things I ate are those I ate often, and nothing happened in the past. Ergh....  I have so many medical ailements. My chest hurts so much now. Specifically, my left chest. Last time, it hurts only about once or twice a month. Today, the strains happened throughout the entire day. Initially, I thought it was my heart. I could be having a blocked coronary artery. However, WQ told me his brother experienced the same symptoms too (and thought it was heart problems), but he found out that one of his lungs collapsed! Oh my god! Thankfully, the doctor said it coould be recovered. Now, WQ's brother had recovered lor. On the plus side, no strenous work, i.e. PE, can't be performed during the period of recovery. I don't know lor. I must go to see a doctor about this. Take a x-ray too.  However, complications arose. You see ar, my parents intend to do it on Monday. Monday I had chalet. I cannot delay the checkup. The strains are getting worse. However, I promised Wendy I would go to the chalet. This is like breaking a promise. I made Wendy happy for nothing. Sigh. A very difficult choice. I must discuss with Wendy later on. I am not gonna like the discussion. Neither is she.   I think I am ending le. See ya tomorrow. Night blog!
    


	 
      Oh hey!   Thousands apologies for no blogs yesterday. I hardly had enough time and energy left. *YAWNS* See what I mean?  HaHa. As I said in my Thursday blog, I went to CHC. That's for later. Let me narrate what happened in the afternoon first.  Okie...in the afternoon (morning? No need to narrate la...so boring and typical. Oh yes. I completed a page of my web. Wee!), I went out to shop for christmas prezzies. I only had enough moolah to spend for the music students and Wendy. Hmm... I shan't reveal what I brought, cause some of them do read my blog. In total, I brought about $27 worth of prezzies. Oh, WQ came along also. He even lied about the time, making it one hour later. Qi shu lin! I was so darn angry... I thought his legs were tired and just wanna go home early. How irresponsible! Later, he said he saw the time wrongly. Hmm..... How can see the number "2" for "4"? And on 1something, he said it was 3something. I smell something fishy!!!!  Hm..I went home surfed the net, ate some noodles. Then, I set my way towards Causeway Point, meeting my friends at 6pm. It looks like Ke Yun came along also. Coolies! Another non-Christian cat!  We met there and went down to the Interchange to wait for the bus. HaHa! After waiting for so so long, it was announced that the bus was upstairs instead. Thereofre, we trudged up and towards the bus.   In the bus, YH sat with KY, XX sat with moi. XiaoXi introed me to this guy, Zi Wei ar. ZW supposedly knew me from primary school, but I don't recongize him at all leh! I can't place him....probably from 4/1 ba. I must ask Esther who he is. On the bus, I just read my book (Oh! Today, I brought Truths and Consequences, yet another Charmed book).   We finally arrived there. We first had to go up to 3rd floor (Hann pressed the 'down' button and was scolded by an idiot. He didn't know okay!!). Then, we had to queue up and get sorted here and there. HaHa. We finally got seats. Only me, Hann and KY though. The rests have to seat on the aisle. Felt kinda guilty.   I didn't realize how close we are to the speakers until they started singing worship songs. Woah!! So loud sia. Of course we didn't sing la. We just clapped along to the rhythm (must at least respect them...). After songs, they talked a little about their programs and introed HYS.   Her songs were okay la. We three bopped along to her songs HaHa. She sang about 6 songs, sghe told us her story. As a teenager experiencing depression and how she accepted Christ into her life. It was quite touching lor. I conveniently left out the part about asking us to try to accept Christ. HaHa. After that le, it was another priase song. This time hor, i can only see me, KY and Hann waving our lightsticks. The rest were just hlding their hands up in the air and prasing him. The cameraman focused on us. We are really too obvious. HaHa. Somemore, during prayer, we did not close our eyes. That Pastor Kong lied. He said "If you are sinners, backsliders, please raise your hand to accept Christ". We did no such thing, of course. However, when hands were raised, he said "I see hundreds! thousands! lots!". However, we three say very litttle hands raised. Not even amounting to half a hundred. Ha.  After service ended, we milled around and went out to wait for the chartered bus. Me, KY and Hann discussed what we experienced la. KY told us some ghosts stories, some Buddhist stories (we have to keep our voices low...we don't want to offend the whole busload of Christians). We took the chartered bus towards Woodlands Interchange, where I went off first.   Overall, the concert thingy was fun. I enjoyed myself. HeHe. Hann smsed me and thanked me for accompanying him. :)  Okay....Sat now. Hmm...Just now nothing happened lor. Just ate and watched TV. WQ wrote a very touching testimony for my Friendster. O.o!! Go check it out. Tonight, we are drinking sparkling champagne. HaHa. Mother brought 4 bottles. HaHaHa.  I think that's today's blog la. Quite short for today, I know. Almost nothing to say ma. So see ya tomorrow! Bye blog!
    


	 
      Heya blog! Today's Thursday meow meow!  Hmm...today left my aching all over. HaHa. I played basketball with the usual gang from Tuesdy, minus PY and add in Sheng Qiang and SuPing. HaHaHa.   We met at 10am.... ha ha ha! Only me, SuPing, Gloria and CQ came there early. The rest were all late. We waited till 10.30 or so before we can finally go play bball.   We played and played till about 12.30 lor. Some interesting things happened. My toenail got chipped after i smashed my toe into XC's sandals. A girl from Marsiling Secondary joined us, presumably after getting her N Level results. SuPing left mid-game to go to her job interview.   Hm...me, SQ, Hann, CQ and XC went to a nearby foodcourt to eat. WQ went back to his house and Gloria followed Joyce to her house to eat. I ate the what, main fen guo. Ha. Not as good at 768's. HaHa. (Even though they added stupid garnishes once. Idiots!)  AFter lunch, we went back to the bball court to wait for everycat to gather. We started playign ABC. HaHa! All I can say is: I made major impovements. I graduated till the middle of the court le. Last time, the furtherest I can go is the 'B' line. HaHa! Soon, everybody gathered and we played bball lor. WE played till there's a downpour and we had to shelter.  WE suggested going to WQ's house to play. HaHa. Everybody went up to his house, despiste the reluctance of WQ's. We went there, cleaned our hands and feet and played la. We mainly played poker cards. We played BlackJack, Heart Attack and Murderer. Murderer is so fun! At the last round, I pretended to be the Medic and 'save' CQ. It turns out that he's the medic! HaHa! So fun to confuse cats.   Me, Gloria and Joyce went back first. Me and Gloria walked all the way to Causeway Point to take the 913 bus home. HaHa. The ground was so dirty...my feet were stuck with sand particles. Eee...so uncomfortable.   I came back, bathed, ate dinner and watched TV. I felt kinda feverish also. HaHa. I watched "Everybody Wins". HaHa. Quite funny la. Ehh! Next week's episode got Bao Mei Li. Must watch ar!!  HMm....I am going to CHC tomorrow for the HYS concert. Ah...it would be an enriching experience, cause I haven't been there for about 1++ years. Ha...see what's changed lor. I am also going there to have fun with Hann and XiaoXi. HaHa.  Hmm...sigh. It looks like I am always getting an arugment with WQ. My blog is biased, by the way. Because it contains what I thinks. Duhz. It's MY blog. It is supposed to be biased. Some people need to think more before saying a statement. Sigh.....moo meow meow.   Okay.I think I go liao la. Gotta go le. See ya tomorrow. Night blog!
    


	 
      Heya!!  Oh my god! Today the results of our PAE posting came out!! Guess where I when to? Clue: Happy news. You guess AJC Sci? Nah...no la. HAHA! The correct answeris: PJC Science!! Woo-hoo! I am so so so happy! My wish came through! HAHAHA!! CQ, YH and PY are going to PJ too! Woo-hoo! Yao shu lor!! HeHe!!   WQ, however, did not get into PJ. He got into YJ. He's so totally upset aobut it. Hmm...so I suggested to him to go appeal to get into PJC. If he failed, at least he tried, right? It was I who persuaded him too. HaHa. So, therefore, I am accompanying him to PJ to appeal.   After lunch, I met WQ at Woodlands MRT at 1pm. We travelled Choa Chu Kang MRT Station, where we took a bus to some bus stop near PJ. HaHa. I was feeling so darn nervous, more nervous than the applicant. I was imaginging we had to speak to the principal ma, and as WQ don't have much of eloquence, I had to do the talking. I was so nervous.  Crazy old me. I even called CQ to try to soothe myself. We had to sign ourselves in, and then go into the General Office. We stood around for awhile, then one of the staff came to us to help. You know what? All WQ had to do is fill up some forms and wait for the approval to results! Made me worried for nothing. Ohn yeah WQ: Good luck for your approval! :)  After that, we went to Lot 1 to eat LJS. Mainly WQ eat la. I ate some fries and read my Harry Potter book. After that, he came to my house to play PS. HaHa. He left at 5 something.  Ya know, I was watching Ben Yue as usual. There's this short little animation about Hou Yi shooting down 9 suns. HaHa! That reminded me of the performance that I participated in while in Primary 5. That year, my school was holding a Mid-Autumn Festival celebration. There was this performance about Hup Yi shooting down the 9 suns. i signed up as a performer and got the part of one of the 9 suns. I can still remember the actions! The suns had to stand up on chairs. Once a sun was shot down, the respective actor/ess had to turn back, twirl around and land on the floor. HaHa! So fun man! Ahh...the gold ole days! :D  Hm...today, I started eating gua zi. So fun man! Biting the melon seeds, hearing the crack sounds and eating the white thingy. So fun! That's the whole idea of eating gua zi ma. WQ said he's too lazy to open up the shells, and hope in the future all the seeds will be opened (using a machine) already for sale. I say, that idea is one of the most silliest things I heard. Part of the fun of eating gua zi is opening them yourself by biting. Ayioh...if anybody dares to sell opened gua zi, I'll bet they will have low sales. Seriously. Would you buy an already opened gua zi? I wouldn't, for sure!  Hm...later got Charmed, Naughty Nymphs. I think I am ending this entry le. See ya tomorrow. Night blog!
    


	 
      Heya!   Oh my god!! Sandra won!! HaHaHa! I predicted either Sandra, Christa, Rupert or Lillian to win earlier on. Hmm..what happened was that Lillian won Immunity and had to choose between Jon and Sandra. Now, if she chose Jon, she would have won easily(it was proven correct when during the Reunion, the Jury said they would vote Lil to win if she took Jon along). But no. She chose Sandra, because Sandra, like Lil, is a wife who has to support her family. That's a choice of integirty, but however, it costs Lil US900k. Hmm...Sandra won by 6-1 vote (the extra vote was Tijuana's). Hmm...actually. I don't mind who won who lost. As long as my predicted cat won can liao. HeHe. I am so looking out for All-Stars Survivor! Woo-hoo! Rupert and Shii Ann is appearing again! Yay! Can't wait!!  Hmm...today leh, I carried a whole hell of a lot of things into my house. First, me and Wendy carried her Christmas tree to my house at 1something. That tree was to be tansported into the chalet, with courtesy of my father.   After tree transportation, me and Wendy went to meet Gloria at the 911 busstop. Wendy is going to Causeway Point, while me and Gloria are going to play basketball.      Hmm, we went there and met CQ, Joyce, PY and Hann. Soon, XC and WQ joined us at the basketball court. We travelled long and far to search for a empty (or at least, half-empty) basketball court to play in. We found one near the Woodgrove thingy (and where Amanda stays) and started playing.  HaHa. We played only for a short while until we complained it was too hot. Me and XC went to Woodgrove's NTUC to buy drinks for everybody. HaHa! We walked back, took some gulps of drinks and continued playing. This time, we played full court. Run here, run there and soon, after 6 minutes, everybody is tired and we rested. After that, we continued playing until it rains.   We ran to Choy Kee in Woodgrove. Hann and XC ate chicken rice there. Then, we went to NTUC for a short while. We took the 912 to Woodlands Interchange. Hmm...in the end, only me, XC and WQ went to Causeway Point.   We went to the library first to return WQ's books. Then, we walked around Causeway Point, shopping for clothes and handphones. All for XC la. HaHa. At 5 something, endy smsed, saying she arrived. We hurried down to the bus interchange to meet Wendy and gang.  They went to Sheng Shiong and brought chalet stuff. Wendy, Sonia and MeiYing. HaHa. I am helping them to trasnport ma, so they brought to my house. Only Wendy and Sonia followed me to my house. Woah! Got so many things wor. Charcoals ar, grill mesh, drinks bottles (we are talking about giant size here..haha), the works. HaHa. I had a real tough time carrying the items wor! HaHa. We made it...and I heard there are more coming on Sunday.  Hmm...what else today? I ate dinner with grapes, watched TV shows till 9pm and came online lor.  Wha!! I am so scared leh! Tomorrow is the posting results of the PAE. I got this dreadful feeling that I will end up in Arts Stream, since I don't exactly qualify for Science stream (I failed A-Maths ma). That's why. My dreadful feelings always come true one, that's why it is so dreadful. I think I am gonna appeal if I get into Arts Stream. Yeah. I think can appeal one la. I only failed by 6 marks, not like I failed so terribly like that. I made careless mistakes, not like I don't know my work. Besides, my Chem and Bio results are great. I am kinda worried about my B3 for Combined Science, but I think I can scrape through if I present my wonderful Chem results. All Physics' fault! HaHa. Sigh...worried worried worried la.  Okay. I think I end le. See ya tomorrow, with hopefully good news. Night blog!
    


	 
      Hey hey!! Monday!!  Woah!! Later showing Survivor wor! Woah!!   Okay, today what happened leh? I started on my webbie. Heh heh. It's coming out...slowly slowly. Nice? I dunnoe. I hope so. HeHe.  Today leh, our whole family went to some 'temple' to pray la. Give our thanks for blessing us. It's what we call a home-made temple lor, so I have no idea whether it is legal or not. Okay, so I was supposed to be blessed la. The lady had to throw two cresent-shape stone thingys to see whether the blessing successful or not la. HAHA! She had to throw 5 times, because the first 4 times the god 'rejected' the blessing! She have to keep muttering more and more blessings. I find it quite hilarious. Oh... what I said meant no offense to Buddhist, but I really find it funny lor. I wonder what the lady thinks about me....  Okay, after eating at AMK Central, I came back to sleep. Yeah. Sleep. Need to conserve and recharge energies for tonight. Hmm...today's dinner is instant noodles. So nice!  Okay...I end liao la. See ya tomorrow. Night blog!
    


	 
      Heya. This is gonna be a short blog. HaHa. Still got other things to do wor.  Hmm. Today, I found a web layout for my site! Woo-hoo! I am gonna start on it soon, and then, my web will be up. Click  urlLink here  for a link to my webpage. The current layout was one I designed myself. It sucks right? HaHa. Oh well, after I design, you will be seeing a new site.   Hmm, what else happened? I watched HZGG Season 2 today. Oh god. The first scene already so touching le. HGZZ never fails to touch my life. HaHa! I am gonna love watching this series. :)  Just now, I watched Star Wars Episode 1: The Phantom Menace. Ahh, good show. I have been wanting to watch the movie ever since I read the book version. Yeah. So, I finally caught it! Great show! I like Queen Amidala. She's so cool, so regal. So Queen-ish! Heh heh.  Hmm....what else what else? Oh yes. Tomorrow is Survivor Finale! I must stay up late tomorrow!! I must stay awake!! Oh god...I hope I can do it!  Okay. Gotta get going le. See ya tomorrow. Night blog!
    


	 
      Oh hey! Saturday! Sat Sat Saturday!   First, tell you about yesterday's Survivor! Yay!! The girls banded together to vote our Burton.   Hmm...today morning was the same old same old for Saturday. Eat breakfast then watch cartoons. Moo meow!!  Hm, WQ invited me to go shopping. Well, window-shopping at least. I invited YH to join us la. We met at 2 at Woodlands Interchange and took the South-bound train to Dhoby Ghaut Station. Along the way, I read my book (B Movies, Blue Love. Nice book leh! I wanna go borrow another book of the author's, All About Men).   We arrived at Dhoby Ghuat and made our way towards Plaza Singapura. Oh my!! It was a freaking nightmarish walk. People are giving away leaflets right and left. I am not taking any, because I don't want to contribute to world litter. I have to keep rejecting. Ergh!   The first thing we went into Plaza was go to Carrefour. YH brought sushi and a a bottle of coke. We went out to let him eat first. HaHa. That silly YH says he will only drink 5 cups (a very little cup he got from eating free food in Carrefour) of Coke per hour. HaHa. I helped him pour out the coke. (Once, I accidentally tipped the bottle and quite a lot spiled out. YH brought Coke Light, so he said "See la! Now the coke is really light after you spilled!" HAHA!) After that, we went into Carrefour to look at other sutff. Oh god! There are so many CDs I wanna buy!   After that, we walked around Plaza. Hann wants to buy bag and wallet. Plaza has no shops to his liking, so we decided to go Orchard to shop for his stuff. On the MRT, we saw this advertisement for Navy: "Stories For Your Grandchildren. Start Collecting Now". Ha! Me and Hann commented that joining the Navy, you MAY NOT survive to have grandchildren in the first place! HA!!! Navy/Armed Forces = Violent/Dangerous = Loss of Precious Life.   We went down at Orchard, and went to Isetan. We saw this Billabong wallet YH wanted, but he said he wanted to do survey first, shop around. We went out and saw Kym Ng!! She was there filming for Quan Xing Zhou Dong Yuan (forgot the English name le). O.o!! While walking towards the Heeren, I decided to go home. I wanna rush back to watch "8 Simple Rules For Dating My Daughter". I reached home at around 6.  Hmm...watched that show and Ok No Problem! HaHa! The Zheng and Lai families got back together, Ah Lian finally got David, Ah Long's monetary problems are solved and the Mother came back! HaHa! Such a happy show!   Today hor, Mo Wan Wan came to 768 leh! However, as much as I like WanWan, I didn't go. Why? Because, I want to watch Ok No Problem!! Besides, I haven't finish eating my frog legs. Hm.  I think I end liao la. See ya tomorrow. Night blog!
    


	 
      Heya! It's a Friday. End of the weekdays. Meow!  Today morning, I went to the doctor for another dose of medicines to treat my sores-infested legs. Oh...the sores are getting better. OOoo...  After that, we came home. Then, I rushed off to meet CQ, Gloria, YH and Joyce at Woodlands Stadium to play some basketball and badminton. Yeah. I arrived there and they were still waiting for XC. HaHa. We played some football (where I was the goalkeeper and all 4 of them were trying to shoot in the ball, which was provided by Joyce). Meow meow!!  After that, we went to the Woodlands Stadium. Joyce, Gloria and YH went out to run on the track (or rather, walk), while me and Ji went out to wait for XC. Hm...after waiting and walking till 12pm, we buay tahan le. We were so hungry, so we left for lunch. I called my brother to give XC my HP number, in case XC calls my home (he likes to do that one la).  We went to the coffeshop far beyond, and each step was killing. I was so so so hungry. I ordered chicken rice and root beer. Ah Ji passed me Janet's present, asking me to give it to her when I am going home.   Then, after lunch, it was 1. We walked back to the badminton stadium and booked 2 courts for an hour.  We played badminton and called WQ to come down (he refused to return me $1. I pay for the courts ma...everybody owed me $1. He said "I never said I am coming down to play!!" and hanged up on me! Excuseeee me! Never said? Oh my my!! tsk tsk!). CQ had to go back to oversee some fixing of his SCV cable. We played till 2 lor.  We were about to go back, until XC called and say he just arrived. So late! He proposed playing basketball, so we all agreed lor. He arrived soon after, followed by CQ and his brother. We went to a basketball court near WQ's house and started playing. WQ also came down to play. We played and played (have some rest in between) and stop at around 4.  Me, Gloria, YH and XC took the 911 bus towards Causeway Point. YH went home in the MRT, the rest of us walekd towards CWP. Then, in a throng of people, we lost XC. Can't find him, so me and Gloria went up to Popular to give Janet her gift. We even had to queue to give Janet CQ's gift (makes Janet look like a very important person. HaHa!!). Then, we went home by the 913 bus.  I came back home, took a bath, went online, then went for dinner and came back to watch TV. Oh my god!! OK No Problem is showing its last episode!! Why so many good shows end during this time de? Ayioh!! So good that show! I will miss the episodes. ~Starts hoping for another season~   Okay. Gotta go le. Watch Survivor and all. So exciting! See ya tomorrow. Night blog!
    


	 
      Heya. I am gonna make this blog short and simple. There's gonna be 4 crabs (Eeny, Minny, Miney, Mor), cooked in chlli, waiting for me. Hmm!  Okay..basically, today, we went out. In the morning, we went to Marsiling to eat breakfast and buy flowers for the goddess (I ate laksa). Yeah. After that, we (brother and I) came back while the parents went to Ang Mo Kio to buy some incense.   For lunch, we went to Woodlands Central. I ate fried carrot cake. Ha. After that, I brought a new bag. Same colour (not really...ayiah! Red la...darker only). Then, we went to Sheng Shiong to buy foodstuff and household items. HaHa. We brought 4 crabs to eat. So many crabs are missing limbs. So er xin. (HaHa. Eeny's left pincer fell off when we put it in our 'crab box'!)  After going to Woodlands Central, we came back to put goods and went to the library/Causeway Point. First, we went to Causeway Point to eat (KFC) and buy HansVision, a chinese software. Mine stupidly expired somehow. Then, we went to the library to borrow books. Along the way, we also brought new windows. Nah...we didn't really buy. We just signed up to buy. It's one of those rotational 180degrees window thingy. It has a lifetime garuntee that it won't fall off. HaHa.   After we came back, I installed HansVision. YaY!! The MahJong game worked properly!! Got real chinese characters and everything! Finally! I can figure out what the characters are saying, instead of looking at boxes and squiggly lines. HaHa.  At 6, I went out to eat dinner. Then, at 7.30 came back, bathed and wtched some TV. Viola. I am here.  Alright. I gotta be ending. See ya tomorrow. Night blog!
    


	 
      Heya! I am posting early...again. Heh. What to do? Today got Charmed. Don't wanna rush. Now, I have all the time to slowly type (like I would slowly type. The boredom is gonna kill me).   Ahh. I have finished the two books I brought. I am gonna review them.  Firstly, The Five People You Meet In Heaven by Mitch Albom. Wow! The book is fantastic. It keep me hooked throughout the end. The book teaches us 5 important live lessons. The first one is that  there is a balance to everything. Like our friend falls ill, but we don't. It not a coincidence. One withers, another grows.  The second one is that  sacrifice is part of life. When you sacrifice smething, you are not losing it, You are just passing it onto someone else.   The third lesson is that  holding anger is a poison. We think that hating is a weapon that attacks the person who harmed us. But hatred is a curved blade. The harm we do, we do to ourselves.   The fourth and five lesson I neer really quite knew. I gathered that  love and memories don't die . I also inferred that  our place on Earth has a meaning. Our jobs, what we do, is a special contribution to everything.  This bvook is so enriching. I even thought about it during a show, when one of the characters asked "Why him? Why not me?" (forgot which show le...I think Ben Yue). The most important life lesson covered by this book was that  all lives intersect, in one way or another. All our actions affects some other people in a special way, even simple mudane things like picking up the rubbish. The each affects the other as the other and the other affects the next, and the world is full of stories, but the stories are all one.   (Note: italicised texts are excerpts from the book and some of my own inferences from reading this book.) I find it a very beautiful book that I would turn to again and again. I recomend everybody to buy this and discover yourself and the world. I rate this book 4.5 out of 5 stars.   The other book is The Wish List by Eoin Colfer (author of the Artemis Fowl books). This is a story about Meg redeeming herself brownie points to go up to heaven. She died due to a gas explosion, and surpirse surprise. She was dead even on the good and bad points, meaning going neither to Heaven (the Pearlies, they call that) or to Hell (the pits). Saint Peter and Brezelbub was featured. Heh heh. In order to accumulate brownie points, she had to help an old man fulfill his wish list before he dies. On that list were some outrageous things like kissing his old flame (whom he never got to kiss) and kicking a football way above the goal post. HaHa. This story is humorously funny as the two incompatible pair fulfill the tasks on the list, with some obstacles from Hades (he wants the girl in Hell). There are funny scenes about Heaven and Hell (Saint Peter was grumbling about being stuck as the gatekeeper "If he was such a big shot holy saint, how come he has to sit outside the gates all the time while the rest of them enjoyed the fruits of heaven?Why couldn't James ever take a turn? Or John? Or Judas?"). Heh heh. Wish List is a great book if you want to brighten up your day. I recomend it for anyone, really. I rate this book 3.5 out of 5 stars.   Ehh... hmm. Today also another boring day la. Doing nothing also. I found out that the Survivor Finale is gonna be aired on next Monday, from 10pm to 1am tuesday. Oh my!! I must sleep in the afternoon to conserve and charge up my energies. Therefore, I must sleep late on Sunday and do a lot of strenous work on Monday (a-ha! clean the whole house!). What a hassle. However, I'll do anything for my Survivor.   Okay. Gotta get going. See ya tomorrow. Bye blog!
    


	 
      Heya. I am back.  First off the press. Important news. Big news. I RECEIVED THE LETTER (Bursary one...duhz)! It's such a double-edged sword! Ergh! The good side that it has arrived. I cna apply. The bad side of it...sucks! Firstly, I am worried that the application might be rejected. Some idiotic people will stick rule-by-rule and will reject your application even though it's NOT your fault that you can't submit on time (some worse ones will think I had forgotten and is making up excuses). I should either scream at them, or refer them to MOE. Or both. Second bad news is that I might not be confirmed. You see ar, the letter said that confirmations letter are given out by December. This is already late LATE December (don't try to argue and say it's early. 1/3 of a month has passed, and it's late!). They might have already printed the confirmation letters and in the process of sending them out. Or worse!!! They could hace printed out the cheques already!! OH MY GOD!! THERE GOES MY $250!! All the MOE's fault! All the post office's fault!!! If either one of the two bad things I predicted happened, I will call the New Paper and give them a story (I can imagine the headline.  No Administration Loses Student $250 ). Or write to Straits Time to complain. Or both. Whatever!! I want my $250!!!!  Okay. Darn, I am not gonna relax until I get my confirmation letter. ... Okay. Let me fill in what happened today.   Today, we (Me, Ben, EC and HM) met at 1015 to buy present for Melvin. I am meeting Ben at 1000. Well, it turned out that he was sleeping till I called. I had to wait for him to finish bathing. Sigh!! It ended up us being late for eight minutes. Oh boy. The girls were pissed. It was not my fault anyway. HaHa.  We went around Causeway looking for Mel's present. We found it at Metro, at the toy's section. It was c ehss board, with the pieces made out of crystal-plastic thingy. Whatever. Heh heh. We chose that after much deliberation. Hmm....a sales assistant came over to us (more like ran) and pasted a label there, saying it was the price tag. Ha! I know different. That was her own personal tag!! She's earning commission for something which she didn't help the customer to choose. I peered at the label and saw the name Chan Hse May. Maybe Wendy knows her (Do you? Same department right?). That's not a good sales assistant, to earn something that she didn't even work for. I guess she needs the money for her family or something. So, sigh. Let it go la.  After that, we made our way to Melvin's house. We were amazed by the amound of food he prepared. He told us to eat first, and his friends will eat after we do (he's also inviting his school friends ma). We ate his macroroni with pasta. It was nice, if it wasn't for the sore underside my tongue (that sore is so painful! ergh!). It was sensitive to sauces, so I can't eat much. We ate other finger foods too, like fishball and fish nuggets.   After that, we watched and sang to Karaoke. Heh Heh. We watched his friends slowly filter in. After watching Karaoke (and some sleep on my part), they turned to watched a horror movie. I took out my book to read. I hate horror movies....eeee.... However, it was not as scary as The Park. That's good, to some extent.  After that, we milled around waiting for the cake-cutting ceremony. HM and EC played a few piano pieces. Wonderfully done! The cake-cutting ceremony was crowded. HaHaHa. We ate some cake. Heh Heh. After that, at 5, we left. Getting kinda late le.  We walked from his house to Woodlands MRT. Me and Ben took the 913 bus back. sigh...I was in shock when I receieved the 'sword'. Sigh...I needa stop worrying. Cannot don't worry.... Sigh...  Hmm...I think I should stop le la. See ya later. Night blog! 
    


	 
      Heya! I am back!   Hmm. I didn't get Tuesdays With Morrie and Artermis Fowl books as originally intended. Let me tell you what I got in a moment.  First hor, we went to the Lot 1's popular. It's the biggest in Singapore, so we can get something. My mother told us not judge the size of the store, the goods it carries makes a huge difference. Yeah. You can guess what happened. The store was kinda pathetic...even more so than Causeway's Popular.  Therefore, we went to the Popular in Causeway Point. In the end, I brought 'The Five People You Meet In Heaven', 'The Wish List' and Ma Jiang Wang, a Chinese game of MahJong. :)  I came back and started playing MahJong. Well, to my dismay, the Chinese characters came out as garbage. All squares squares lines lines dash dash. Ayioh! My HansWare also cropped out. I need to buy the latest version of HansWare (which will only be brought during my Mother's next off day. Today is her off day ma).   After playing MahJong with lousy Chinese words,  I went to eat dinner and make a new pair of specs. We ate chicken rice. Okay. Specs. I finally got a metal frame spectacls. I took great care in choosing the lens shape. I want a thin oval-ish kindan shape to complement my small eyes. Then, it's time for the color. I got two smiliar versions of a pair of spectacles, uin two different color. One was black, the other was metallic blue. I had a hard time choosing the color. I called Wendy, she said black. My mother said black too. However, I made a coin toss again. 2/3 wins. The first two times, it was one blue, one black. The last toss said that I should choose blue, so I did. Then, it was time to measure my degrees. Goodness! My degrees has gone into a thousand each eye. Oh my god! I must take care of my eyes more. In the end, we brought the two frames. The black one is a 'spare', just in case something went wrong to the blue one.  Oh.... today hor, the chinese newspapers were having a field day with the report of Huang Yi Liang 'suaning' his wife during his thank-you speech. He meant it as a joke I guess. MeiJiao accepted it as a joke. That's good. HaHa! Today Bao Mei Li was funny. HAHAHA!! Qi shu lin!  Hm...what else ar? Ayiah... I know I wanted to say something one. Oh yes! Tomorrow, Melvin invited me and his friends to his house to celebrate his birthday. :) Me, Ben and HM are buying his prezzie tomorrow. We are meeting at 1015. I wonder if Causeway Point opens by then. Oh, Wendy confirmed it opens at 10. Okay.   Hm...nothing else to report on liao. Okay...gotta go write Wendy's testimonial. Mad woman (:P joking ar joking ar) is rushing for it. See ya tomorrow. Night blog!
    


	 
      Heya! I am back to report on yesterday's happenings.  Oh my! Star Awards was so cool! Holland V won in all the categories it was nominated in. It won Best Drama, Best Song. Wang Yu (who plays Zoe) won the Green Apple Award. Huang YiLiang (Tian DaHua) won Best Supporting Actor. Mo Xiao Ling (Mo LingLing) won the Best Supporting Actress (Yay!! Yay!!). Chen Li Ping (Mo WanWan) won Best Actress (horray!). Xie Shao Guang (Yang Xiong) won Best Actor. Woah!! So 'Holland V'-ish! I am so happy. One shocking thing was that LiPing didn't get into Top 10. Oh my god! How could she not? I bet she's crying now. Oh my!! I pity her man...how could she not win?  Oh. I forgot to add that yesterday's HZGG was the most touching story ever! Tears kept flowing down my eyes... HaHa! Seriously. The reconcillation, the forgiving, the pleas, the family warmness, all so touching! I love this episode, for it's the most touching and one where I cried the most. :)  Hey blog, you know what? Everything was back to normal between me and them. :) I am sure glad it did. I didn't know what made them to apologize. I am curious to know. Anway, I apologized too. After all, I did spark off some of the 'bullying'. YH even said that he would think before he says anything. That's good. This experience helped both parties to grow. Both parties learnt that 'bullying' is the worse thing you can do to a friend, intentionally or otherwise. I am glad both parties got out of this storm as better people.  Later, my parents are gonna buy me story books in Popular (using their 20% discount coupon). YaY! I got a list planned. I wanted to get  Five People You Meet In Heaven  and  Tuesdays With Morrie , both by Mitch Albom. I heard lots of good reviews from both books, and I am excited to read them. Don't worry, I'll be posting my reviews once I finish both books. I am also buying the three  Artemis Fowl  books by Eoin Colfer. I read a few chapters online and I am excited to read these books. :) I am such a bookworm. Heh heh!  Hmm..I think I go liao. It's 12 something, and my parents are not back from their shopping yet. I am hungry, and having a splitting headache. Ow! See ya later! 
    


	 
      Hey! As you can see, this is an early blog. Probably the only entry for the day. Yeah.   Oh yes, I forgot to add my feelings about Survivor on last Friday. Christa was voted off! Darn! Why couldn't they vote off Burton/Jon?! Those two opportunities were the best time to vote those idiots off. Howeverr, hope is revivied next episode, where the commercial said that the girls were discussing to vote off the pair of cocky males. Heh. Lets hope they act on their decision!!  I am so excited! Tonight's Star Awards! Who will win? Who will lose? I am so hoping for Mo XiaoLing to win Best Supporting Actress. This is her best year. This is when her career leaps off! She played Mo LingLing very well. I am so crossing my fingers! Who would I like to see win too? Chen LiPing as Best Actress, Xie Shao Guang as Best ACtor, and Huang Wen Yong as Best Supporting Actor. Oh!!!  Hm. I think I end this le. See ya later! Bye bye!
    


	 
      Heya.  You know what? In the morning, when I logged on to my computer, I received a very surprising surprise. I received a mail from CQ, which told me to visit a site recomended. This was not the surprising bit. The surprise was the site itself.  The site is a blog of their KL trip. They talked about their visit to Mid Valley. However, the main focus was not about their trip. It was to dispel what I have wrriten here a few days ago about them.   Actually, if I come to think about it, it was hardly a surprise. I was very calm when reading that. I predicted that when they see my blog, they would come to that kind of reaction. In a way, I was mentally prepared.   Wendy talked to them this morning, when I was sleeping. They came online and showed Wendy the site. Wendy said that only XC/Hann talked to her, the rest didn't. I won't post what she said, but she did say if i wanted to clear this misunderstanding, I should apologize for the wrong I did.  Yes. i am indeed in the wrong for few oscassions. Being a sleeping conductor, running into MPH without informing them, insulting WQ. Yes. I do admit I was wrong. I apologize for my misdoings.   However, some of the things they written in their blog (countering what I wrote) is twisted beyond the truth. I will give an example. On Wendnesday morning, I picked the spring onions out of my yee mee. The vendor saw it and then said in Cantonese, "Next time, if you don't want yee mee, you ccan tell us and we won't put". I replied with, "Oh. I didn't know that you got put spring onions in yee mee" in Cantonese. They wrote in the blog that I was trying to show off my Cantonese skill. I supposedly had a smug look on my face. I feel that they misinterpreted my actions. When someone speaks to me in Cantonese, I would naturally reply back with Cantonese. It's like a reflex action. I just did it.... I never thought about showing off my Cantonese skills (which was pretty average compared to the expert Cantonese, like my parents). Maybe the smug look was there because I tried to defend my actions. I certainly did not try to show off my Cantonese-speaking skills. If you actually observed me in some food situations, I picked out disgusting spring onions from my food and had a discussion with the vendors. This is me. The garnish hater.   Also, they claimed that I tried to break up Hann's family in my blog (refer to Wednesday's post). I had no such intention of doing so. I merely recorded my observations and my thoughts. How can posting my thoughts break up a family? I didn't even tell the Lais about what I thought. How can the blog "made the family drift away"? I am quite puzzled. Only Hann saw it.   One more thing. I did not go around telling everyone about the incident. I only told Wendy, and she already knew right from Day One. Benjamin pressed answers from me. I was only going to let him know after I posted my entries. I did not know whether it was Benjamin confronted them, or they confronted Benjamin. I was too busy talking to Wendy at that time to care. From what I could see (being invited into conversations), I observed that Benjamin confronted them. Perhaps I only saw a small portion of it and made a wrong judgement. I apologize if I did.   I observed that they convienently left out some things which I wrote, which were the most crucial. Things like "too much jokes hurt", "I was being treated like an extra". They said that I took their jokes too seriously, and I was too emotional, for they were only joking around. I think that they cannot counter these statements. That's not the point. When will they ever get it into their heads that jokes are never meant to be be overused. Yes, one or two jokes are fine. They are funny. The humor stops when the jokes are being used past their limit. The jokes became critcism to the receiver. They became "bullying words". I seriously think they would realize that when their jokes killed somebody. There are records of people committing suicide because their friends "joked" too much. There are stories of such cases. If I stayed on and listened to their jokes, I would have blown up, or become depressed. I am not joking.   Sigh. What really is the use of posting all these in my blog? Why am I trying to clear up all these misunderstandings in my blog - publicly? As long as I know that I am in the clear for most of the things, that's enough. Right? This blog is somewhat considered my private journal. Having found that someone picked my thoughts and feelings and critsized them, I was quite hurt.  Right. Enough about the unhappiness. Let them out, and I would be fine. Today leh, nothing much happened. I brought a Yu-Gi-Oh card deck for myself. I am planning to collect cards, more than playing. :) Crazy cat me.  Hmm...nothing else happened le la. Just surfing of sites here and there. Heh.  I think I end this blog le. Oh yes, I would like to mention that I have complete faith in CQ. Okay, see ya tomorrow. Oh yeah hor! Tomorrow's Star Awards! I might be blogging in the afternoon! Night blog! ~Hums Star Awards Tune~
    


	 
      Hey blog! Friday conquers the fearless, the.... What the heck am I saying?  Today nothing interesting happened. Heh. I went to the doctor's today to check out my legs. It's covered in sores. The doctor said too much heat and poison. Yeah. Heh. I have been eating heaty stuff too much I guess.   Oh my! I was worried about my Bursary Award! It hasn't arrived yet you know. I called CK, and the mother told me that he had received and the deadline was yesterday. I was so mortified! I called the school, which was useless. I then searched the Internet, found the department (Finance) of MOE and called. The lady confirmed that I am receiving a Bursary Award. She was surprised that I did not receive a letter. She said she would print one out and send it to me. I can register late, due to postal error. That's what she told me. I am so worried!! My $250!!!  In the afternoon, I printed out my blog entries till yesterday's. YaY! Major accomplishment. Major enough to send my black ink into low levels. Heh heh.   Now I got a radio, I became more aware of the latest music happenings. Yeah. I found myself singing songs from the radio. The latest songs I like are:  Kelis - Milkshake ,  Jamelia - Superstar ,   Blue - Guilty  and  Dido - White Flag . That's all I cam remember. Hey! I did an experiment. I logged on to the online webcast of Perfect 10. I found out that it lagged behind the actual broadcast for about 2-3 minutes. O.o!! How surprising.  HaHa! I think I end liao la. I got almost nothing to say..... so see ya tomorrow. Night blog!
    


	 
      Heya! I am back.  Today morning was spent coming online and watching my taped Comedy Night. After that, I wrote in my blog entries for the days in my KL trip.   I ate noodles at 12 something, and ate while blogging. After blogging and lunch, I set out to print my blog's October entries. It took me about an hour till 3 something. I am printing November and December's entries tomorrow. Yeah.   After surfing the net for an hour, I soon fell asleep. I just dozed off like that. Oh boy...I was sure tired. I slept and slept till 6 something, when Father woke me up to go to eat. I asked him to buy back dinner, and I continued sleeping till he came home.    I ate char siew rice watched TV and bathed. Here I am, online blogging.  Sigh. I forgot to mention that during the car trip back and today, there are several moments when I suddenly went into a shock. Ya. I was shocked that I am coming back to/back in Singapore. I should be in Malaysia. You are saying that I am regretting my decision? No, I am not regretting. I stick to my desicion, I believe in it. I did not regret coming back home.  I also forgot to add that CQ was a really great friend. He defended me a lot when the others bullied me, he made me feel part of the group when they didn't. I value CQ as a great friend. I am gonna treasure him.  Ya know. All I wanted was to be accepted. To be part of a group. To have fun with my friends. However, I just failed miserably in every attempt. Why? Am I such a detestable person that no-one wants to accept me? I am such a failure.   Wendy said I am a "bully-magnet". I can be bullied easily, that's why the jokes can't seem to stop. Bullied easily? Yeah...I rarely does strike back, I just tolerated and bear with it. I just hope for these 'jokes' to stop sometime after, but they never do. What to do?   God... I think I better stop now. See ya tomorrow. Night blog!
    


	 
      Hey! I bet you are surprised that I am writing this early. Wednesday is Day Finale of my KL trip. Yes, you heard it right. Finale. Final. The end.  I am now travelling back home with Hann's family in their car. Why, you ask. Listen.  First, let me narrate today morning.  We woke up at 9+. HaHa. I was kinda suprised that no-one woke us up. At night, I was kinda scared. Yeah. The living room was so dark, and sounds from the outside could be heard. Very natural. I can't even hear that kind of sounds if I open my windows in my home at night. The vast difference between surbudan and city environements. Anyway, me and XC woke up first, followed by the rest.  We brushed our teeth and went for breakfast at the same food center we went to yesterday for brunch. I ate yi mee. Nice.  After that, we moved our luggage and went to YH's eldest aunt's place. I took quite a while, about 30 minutes, before reaching there. Malaysia is sure spaced out.  (Oh my. My noce bled just now. I wonder why that happened. I nose bled so frequently this year.)  At the aunt's place, we watched some TV and played card games.  YH's parents mentioned that they are going back to Singapore today. YH then told me "Wanna go back, KY?" That set me in deep thought. Should I go or should I stay? I used a coin to help me made my decision (just like WanWan. Using a coin is not a stupid thing to do.....). In the end, I decided to go.  The relatives tried to persuade me to stay. I held my foot and refused to. They suspect Hann bullying me. Hann and XC said "No" loudly. I don't want to blow up the situation, and save them some face, I said they were not to be blamed.   Why? AsI said last night, I was feeling quite unhappy. The situation did not improve this morning. If I stayed, I would haave made myself felt more terrible. Knowing me, I would burst out sometime later. I rather leave now than lose my friends later. Yea. Besides, when WQ arrived, I would vent my fustrations on him. That would be very unfair to him.  Besides, there's this worry about the money factor. I am so afraid I would spend it all on Genting/Theme parks. Lame reason....  I just realized that this is my retribution. Retribution for bullying WQ. Now, I was being punished. I fully understood how bad WQ felt. My karma finally caught up to me. From this experience, I learn that bullying/ostrasizing is a terrible thing to do. I'll not do that to others in the future.  I hope they would treat WQ better than they treated me. I know they are planning to ostrasize WQ. Trust me. Being ostrasized is not fun. I've been there.   I can't wait to go back. There's about 3 more hours to go before we reach JB. See ya later.   HOURS LATER   Heya! I am back from Malaysia! What a trip! Let me continue from where I left off.  After blogging, I fell alsleep. Yit Kai and the mother slept too. Yit Kai was so cute, the way he sleeps. HeHe. I slept till about 4.50+. We stopped at a rest stop. For the next 10 minutes, I stared at the surroundings and did some calculations on when we would reach JB. I figured we would reach there at aound 6. I took out my Reader's Digest and started reading.   At 6, we went to YH's grandmum's house (maternal side). We would be staying there till 7.30, then we would set off. They said going off at 7.30 would avoid the jam at Causeway.   Me, YK and the mother went to Pizza Hut to eat pizza (Heh. They were organizing Pizzas today). I got to choose the pizza. I chose the Hawaiian Chicken. Nice! I also got to drink the musroom soup and the pepsi can. I ate two slices, the mother ate one. YK is so good at eating! He can finish two chicken wings, a cup of coup, a glass of Pepsi and three slices of pizza. Woah! Oh yeah, Auntie brought me snacks to bring back. Thanks!   We went back to give food to Grandmum and Uncle. We watched the Ben Yue till about 7.40, then we made our way back to Singapore.  It was quite a jam. Yeah. Something horrifying happened. My passport didn't get stamped by the Malaysian customs. The lady asked for my train ticket, but I left it with XC. That got me into a fix. Luckily, Auntie and Uncle helped me out, and I was cleared. Phew.... after the encounter at the Malaysia custom, we queued up to get through the Singapore cusoms. It wasn't too long before we are cleared. After that, Uncle and Auntie fetched me back to my block. I thanked them and went up.  Phew! Home Sweet home! The sofa changed. It became shorter and more cute. Heh heh. I took a bath, went online, then watched Charmed. O.o!! Charmed was nice.   I went online, and saw them online too. They interrogated me. I didn't answer much, because I have no mood to be interrogated. Wendy called and we talked lor. I told her what I went through. She listened and gave me advice. Ben soon knew what happened and went to confront them about it. I am thankful for his efforts.  Wendy told me that they were only 'joking' and also said  that she felt guilty for "bullying" me. She often joked with me and all. However, i don't feel angry. You know why? There's this huge difference between how Wendy jokes and how they jokes. The tone for example. Wendy's jokes are just for fun, but their tone makes it seem that they are not joking and is intentionally hurting me. Another thing is that Wendy knows when to stop, but they don't. Jokes stop being funny once it goes beyond more than few. It starts to hurt.   I observed the Lai family during my trip back. They seem very close-knit. Uncle kept having fun with YK and being a great father. Auntie too. However, I saw the vast difference betweeen how YH treats his parents. He seemed to regard them as aliens. He pushed his father away today when Uncle tried to play with him, and rejected Uncle's offer to fetch him back, rudely. He didn't really treat his mother that well either. Very unlike YK lor. I felt that YH was missing a whole lot on family warmness, but hey! Who am I to judge? These are just my observations and thoughts, as a stranger.   HaHa. I better go now. See ya tomorrow. Night blog!
    


	 
      Today was an eventful day. Welcome to Day 1 of our KL stay. I am now at Hann's KL home, sitting on the swinging char. Heh.  Yesterday, I couldn't sleep well. I felt like puking most of the time. I was sleeping on the lower bunk, and everytime the train moves, the empty upper bunk would rattle like crazy. When I tried sleeping on the upper bunk, the man opposite me was snoring like hell. Therefore, I got very little sleep.  What I did was self appoint myself as the "sleeping conductor-cum-door keeper". I kept mkaing sure my friends were all asleep ('cept for KS, he couldn't sleep and we talked). We were sleeping near the door entrace to our carriage. People walk past often and always didn't close the door. When that happens, the loud wind would be blowing into our cabin. Sheez. I made sure doors were closed each time they were opened.  In the end, I got about 3 hours of sleep. Yeah. That's how bad it was. The others, who got way way MORE sleep time, blamed me for their little amount of sleep and making them lose a potenial hour of sleep. Well, except for CQ and KS. Sheez. I was reminded of it throughout the entire day. Basically, I was being ostrasized. The unfairness of things. I can't sleep, they slept more. Yet, I was blamed for their "little" sleep time. Sigh.  The train made seceral stops and we had to get down at Woodlands checkpoint to get our passports scanned.  The trian arived at KL at 7am. We were met by Hann's 2nd aunt and his grandmother. Hann's father and youngest aunt arrived to fetch us from the treacherous rain.  We went to Hann's place, rest for a bit and went out for brunch.  Brunch, ban mian, was spoilt by Hann, who added chilli to my noodles. I DETEST PEOPLE MESSING WITH MY FOOD! 2 things surprised me. One, almost all the Chinese in KL speaks Cantonese. Great for me, no languade barriers and all. It's wasn't so good for the others, who can't speak Cantonese. Hmm. Two, the things there are half the price in Singapore. In Singapore, ban mian costs S$2.50, but in KL, it costs RM2.50 (S$1.25). Wow...  After that, we went shopping in Mines City. XC brought a shirt and Hann came up with this idea to wear the same shirt to Genting (to ostrasize WQ la....).  We went to this mall, which is totally boring. I even forgot the name. How insignificant.   After that, we went into Mid Valley to shop.  I spotted MPH bookshop! Oh my god! I cna buy my books! Charmed books were in abundance!! So were Artermis Fowl! They were even cheaper than in Singapore, about $1-2 lesser. O.o!!  The rest came in and they were pretty angry at me. XC grabbed my neck and shook me hard. I almost fell. He's so....violent. They went out after I dismissed them.  I felt kinda hurt by their actions, especially XC. I never knew he's that cruel. Yeah. I even dismissed the idea of buying Mirror Image to go look for them. While walking the huge huge mall, I was kinda angry and so much wanted to burst out at them ('cept CQ and KS...they did nothing wrong. See ar, whenever I refer to "them", the term usually excludes CQ and KS). I managed to calm down and keep my temper in check. Ha! Anger management lesson from Wendy is helping. Heh.  I found them at Tropicana Life. They were buying clothes and I was forced to buy one too. (Given future circumstances, I should have brought my book instead. It was way more useful. At least the book is not meant to ostrasize.) Therefore, I ended up paying RM31.90.  For dinner, we ate stingray plus sotong plus clams. I tried to buy drinks, but the Malay lady couldn't understand English. I had to ask KS to translate for me (and was ridiculed once again for sucking at basic conversational Malay. HELLO! I never learnt Malay. I am not going to either. I don't see a use for it in Singapore.) Sigh....why can't English be used? It is, after all, a global language.  I realized that the malls don't carry superglue. I need it to fix my loose soles. I finally found one at Jusco in Mid Valley. What a severe lack of superglue.   I knew I said this earlier, but I am really upset that I was being treated as an extra. I was reminded of that fact constantly too (Then, why bother inviting an extra to the KL trip?). I was being ostrasized. It's not a good feeling AT ALL. Everything I say is wrong, everything I do is wrong. Everything about me is wrong. I should have turned back at Tanjong Pagar and take a taxi back home. You know how horribly I was treated? How terrible I felt? I wanted to break down more than once, but I controlled.I began to sympathize with Yit Kai, Hann's brother, who was hated by Hann. I know how it feels lor. I wish I can have someone to pour out my feelings to. I tried telling Wendy, but I can't, due to the presence of my friends. You, my blog, are me bestest friend. Thanks for listening.  I think I better turn in now, or else I can't sleep. I already had a secere lack of sleep today morning. I need ample rest. So, yeah, see ya tomorrow. Night blog.   
    


	 
      Heya! I am now writing this while sitting on the bed of my train. Number 36 bed to be exact.  I met CQ at 4.45. I went into Causeway to find Wendy to say goodbyes, but she was nowhere to be found. We met XC and then went to meet Hann at Yishun MRT.  We met Hann and went to his house. It was quite crampyed, but spacious at the same time. Contraidctory, I know. After a while, the rest went down to eat while I stayed at YH's home.  They came back after a while and we set off towards Tanjong Pagar Railway Station.      After a tumultonous journey wrecked with ridicule and insults, we finally reached the station.  At 9.30 or so, we were allowed into the departure hall. We had to go through the customs first. I was scolded for putting "Kelvin" in front og my name in the declaration card. "Kelvin" was at the back of my passport. What a shrew.  Ya know, before entering the departure hall, I had second thoughts. Sigh....being the butt of everybody's jokes is not funny at all. Sigh...just tolerate with it la.   This train is kinda bumpy. Heh. It's not THAT bad. I gotta go know. See ya tomorrow. Night blog!
    


	 
      Heya. I am back. To write some feelings here and there about my trip and all. You can call it the "Prologue" of KY's Trip.  Heh. Today morning, I packed my suitcase. Oh god. I never realized how many clothes and little space I have. Have to roll and squeeze my clothes. My!   I learnt another cruel fact of life. Custom officers are very corrupt. My mother told me to bribe them if nesscary. Even XC says so. Moreover, you will have to pay taxes if you brought more than 5 sets of clothes You have to pay taxes if you brought in a lot of money. Even your pen could be taxed. What the *toot*! I was scared you know. Either pay taxes or pay bribes. I am NOT bribing anyone, esepcially idiotic corrupt officers. It's against my conscience to do so. However, Wendy said she would bribe if she were me. Sigh. I don't want to bribe. I am having second thoughts of going to Malaysia....if I have to bribe.  I got another worry. What if the train crashes? Then how?! Oh god! I am such a worrywart. What if I meet  things ? Sigh....  Wendy said to enjoy and have fun. Don't be worried so much. She's right you know. I shouldn't be worrying about this and that. I shoulda be going to Malaysia with a happy mood. I'll try.  I gotta be going le. Cook some noodles for myself, then prepare and meet CQ later. Yeah. That's it. See ya around, blog. Byes!! 
    


	 
      Hey Hey! Friday meows!  Hmm. Today is...a Friday. HaHa. Dad calledme up again, and I spent lotsa time in the bathroom. I was thinking about lotsa stuff. Like what I am gonna do today ar, things like that la. Ha. Today, we are not gonna go out to eat breakfast. I ate the cake thingy. Fak kou in Cantonese. Hmm... Nice.  Anyway, I went online as usual. Hmm. No replies to my posts. The author did not come online to prod me more about my theories. :( Anyway, after some random surfing, I went to play my PT until lunch time. YaY! I got a new staff. Heh Heh!   We wait for Edwin to come back then we went out to 768 to eat lunch. All of us ate chicken rice. Halfway, Courts called and reminded Dad to pay the bills. Sigh! So kiasu them.   After lunch, me and Dad went to Causeway Point. HaHa. Actually, I am going thwere also because Dad wants me to pay the TV license while he go pay the installments. Moo meow! My first time paying for the bills. HaHa. I was quite lost which counter to go to. It is "all Transactions except SpeedPost" or "Bills Here". I went into the transaction queue and I was right. Heh. It's a no-brainer actually. Meow! After bills paying, we went home lor.   Hmm. I went online and surfed. WQ was online! HaHa! Finally a cat to talk to! Moo meow moo! I chatted with him until he went to bath. After that, I play PT until dinner. Heh.  Hmm. Dinner was very delicious. We had the small lil pig for dinner today. Oink Oink! Okay, after that, we had shark fin!! YaY! My mother cooked it herself! Nice!! Nice!! I loved the shark fin soup!! Meow!! Pepper galore! Heh Heh! Very very nice! There's crab meat inside. So sumptous! Meow meow meow!   After bathing, I came online lor. Hmm. Tomorrow I am eating laksa. Ahh. Not because I miss laksa! No no no! I want to get back at that idiot! For two times!! Two times she offended me! One: She put spring onions in my fishball noodles (even though my Mother say not to), she said in her defense "It won't kill you" and laughed! Two: The laksa leaves incident. TWO TIMES ARE TOO MANY TIMES! I cannot tolerate this! I am making my mother buy laksa tomorrow for breakfast. Knowing her, the vendor will msot probably put laksa leaves! So, I told Mother NOT to pay if she put laksa leaves! Ah ha! That will make her lose a business, and if no-one comes to buy laksa, she would have wasted making a bowl of laksa!! Serve her right then! She will learn her lesson! LISTEN TO THE CUSTOMERS! THEY ARE ALWAYS RIGHT! Meow! Revenge is sweet! Well, if she didn't put, then good for her.  Okay. I feel so good after letting this all out (even though I said this during dinner). Meow!! Okay, I gotta get going. See ya tomorrow. Night blog! 
    


	 
      Heya! Thursday meows at the fools.  Hmm. I woke up at 8.20 today. Father called me up again. They went to the market without me, as I have no mood to walk in this idiotic weather (rainy....for 4 straight days!! qi shu lin!). After bathing, I went online and surfed to wait for my breakfast.  Breakfast (duck porridge) was brought back. I ate and continued with my MNI. More theories and mysteries to solve. I hate time differences. When I post my theories, I have to wait for one whole day to see the author's reply (she's living in the US, and when I am awake, she's not). Ergh! Anyway, I continued surfing until lunch.  For lunch, we went to 768 to eat. I ate ban mian. Eat something hot, the weather is so cold outside. After lunch, we came back. I surfed the Net till about 2.30.  Me and Dad went out to collect the pig. Heh Heh. I brought my book along (The Tangle Box). We took the MRT towards AMK Station, then from there, take bus 130 towards Balestier. I read my book during the long journey.   Arriving at Balestier, we went to the bank. It looks like I have to take out $110 from my account to pay for the TV license. HaHa. Now the TV is in my control! Paying for the license means authority over the main TV. Woo!! Heh Heh. No la.   After that, we went to the 933 Duck to get our roasted pig. So cute one! It was about half an umbrella long. HaHa. The eyes were closed, and I can see very little teeth (because the mouth's closed). So cute!!! HaHa. We waited for Uncle to fetch us lor. He came after long periods of waiting. The two men talked and talked (in Hokkien) whole I read my book. When we are coming back, we saw PuiPui (Mom's colleague) walking on the way home. Uncle thought we were stopping there because I shouted to my Father "Look! PeiPei!". Heh Heh.   After that, I played my PT until dinner time lor. I ate dinner, read my book (Now Witches' Brew. I finished Tangle Box). I bathed and came online lor.  HaHa! YaY!! I got an Outstanding for my Charms essay!! YaY!! YaY!! 7 Galleons to moi! HaHa. I thought the ending was crappy, because I was rushing to complete it before American Idol. Actually, I was running about 10 minutes late into AI. HaHa.   Well, I gotta go now. Gotta watch the fabulous AI. Oh Simon! I love his caustic comments! See ya tomorrow. Night blog!
    


	 
      Heya moo meow!   Today, Dad woke me up. It looks like he's staying for quite a while, as his car crash is quite serious. Moo meow! I took quite a long time to bath, and went I came out, it was 9.20. Heh heh.  We went to 883 to eat breakfast. I ate chee cheong fun. Again. Yep! :) We met 510 (the orginal resident of my neighbour) Auntie. HaHa. She sat with us and we ate together lor. We chatted and chatted. Laraine's in P4! Oh my god! How time flies! I wonder if Laraine still recongise me. Hmm...  After that, I brought 8 Days and we went to Shop N Save to shop. Shop ar shop ar. Mother brought a lot of things and chatted with her colleages. Staff favoritism! The packer opened a new box og grapes for Mother. HaHa! We brought more stuff la. I forgot what. I was busy reading my 8 Days. Then, we brought more stuff and we went home.  Woah! We reached home at 11. I went online lor. HaHa. Yesterday I posted some theories of my own to solve a mystery. The creator said I am good at this. Even though a lot of people knows the answer, I am still gonna solve it on my own (with some prodding by the creator la). HaHa. I posted more theories of my own. :) I am so excited!! I wanna solve it!  After that, we went to 768 to eat lunch. There was a intense discussion on where to buy yu sheng. 883 or 768? They are still deciding. Today's Ren Ri. In Chinese tradition, it means today is everyone's birthday. HaHa. We everytime eat yu sheng today one. Actually, within these 15 days, we would at least eat yu sheng about 4 times. HaHa. We are yu sheng freaks.  Coming back from lunch, I went to play my PT. HaHa. This time, I played for about 4 hours. I levelled about 3 levels to level 10! Woo-hoo! I finally learnt how to Heal myself. Moo meow meow! After playing, I went online for more theories guessing. In a discussion, one guy slammed Singapore by saying "at least it is not like some poor countries like Singapore where people work for 12 hours and get 15 cents". I was so totally pissed off! Even the 'lowest' jobs (cardboard collectors) earn enough to feed themselves for the day. I told him off lor. You must find it totally unKY-ish. After all, I am not much of a patriotic citizen. Come on lor. He makes it sound like EVERYONE is earning 15 cents a day. Singapore is a modern and cosmopolitarian city. I wonder where he gets his facts from. He is such an idiot!   I had my dinner next. It looks like Dad is going to Balestier to get the roasted pig (whole pig) for tomorrow's praying. I am going with him. :) We are taking the MRT and bus first, then Dad's taxi friend (9293) is fetching us. HaHa. I read my book (The Tangle Box) until 7.30 when I came online.  Oh my! It looks like there's Charms essay. Hmm...I must do it. For more galleons! Meow moo!   Alright, I gotta go now. See ya tomorrow. Night blog!
    


	 
      Tuesday! Meowing moo meow!  Heya! I woke up at 8.30. HaHa. Today I am not going to 883. Mother don't let me go because it was raining outside. HaHa. I went online and waited for Mother to come back with breakfast. She came back with chee choeng fun! I cna simply die! The rich flavour of chee cheong fun! I miss it! For weeks (okay...6 days), my life has been "chee cheong fun'-less! Today, I can finally eat the simple, yet superb dish! Ahhh! The taste leaves me wanting more and more..and more! Meow meow meow!  After breakfast, I went online. These days hor, I spent most of my time in MuggleNet Interactive. HaHa. Meowing moo. Then, I went to eat lunch (nasi lemak).   After lunch, it was gaming time. I played Priston Tale and managed to gain 2 levels. HaHa. Not easy you know. I finally got a new wand. YaY!! HaHa. At 2 something, I quit gaming and surfed online.  At 6, I bathed, and bathed till 6.40. By then, my father has not yet returned. This is sow unlike him. I called him and found out - GASP - that he's involved in another accident. This is so worrying. Second time within 4 days! The rain is really stupid. My father skidded and hit the metal barrier again. I HATE THE RAIN! I thought spring's here and there shouldn't be any more rain. Stupid global weather. It looks like we have to pay $1500+ for the damages. Sigh... I don't know how we can cough out that much man!  Dinner was a sordid affair. Okay, not really sordid, but it was strange without Dad around. Sigh! He came home around 8. So late! Meow moo! Sigh!! After watching TV, I came online lor.  Haiz. I think I end this entry le la. Got nothing to say le. See ya tomorrow. Night blog!
    


	 
      Hey hey! Monday meows the start of the week.   HaHa. I woke up at 7.14 by my Mother. HaHa. One minute before my alarm rings. I took a bath. Surprise surprise. I took 30 minutes. My timing is so off today. I wonder why.   O.o! The 8-9 part is the Red Carpet Event, where lotsa stars are being interviewed. I only recongized Reba, Tom Cruise, Sarah Jessica Parker and some select few. Heh Heh. The other stars are so foreign to me. Heh Heh.   After the RCE, it was the main event. O.o There are so many categories. Frankly speaking, I was kinda bored. All the flims either I didn't watch, or not yet in Singapore yet. At 10, I decided to read my borrowed books and didn't pay attention to the award show. However, I know Angels In America and ROTK are both big winners, securing many awards.   At 11+, I abandoned the award show and went to watch my tapes. I taped "CardCaptor Sakura: The Movie 2" and "The Simpsons" on Sat. The CCS Movie is so nice! Sakura finally biao bai to XiaoLang! So romantic! :D Oh yes, there's a new card, but of course, Sakura managed to feng ying! So cool! Meow moo! The incompetent brother missed out 10 minutes of my Simpsons, because he was playing his game. Ergh!!  After that (and lunch), I went online lor. Surfed around, played some games. MuggleNet Interactive is so open leh, makes me feel so much like home. It made me more open, more willing to discuss my ideas. Yeah. Heh heh. Moo meow!   At 6, I went offline and bathed. After that I ate dinner and watched the TV. Comedy Nite last episode le! Ayierr!! Come back soon leh!! Meow moo!  Ahh well. I gotta get going le. See ya tomorrow. Night blog!
    


	 
      Hey heya (Weird combi right? Hey and heya. Heh heh)! Welcome to Sunday's edition of mah blog. Meow! HaHa. This blog entry would be appearing on a Monday, since I just came back from watching a movie (starring Stephen Chow. I forgot the title). However, I am too lazy to type it tomorrow (along with tomorrow's entry), so I decided to do it today then. (Woah! This must be the longest intro I ever made! HAHAHA!)  Okie. Today morning I woke up real early. And thankfully I did. It's 8 and the rest of the family is still sleeping (with the exception of my Dad of course). I woke them all up and I went to bath. After that, I watched TV, read the papers and ate breakfast.  At 11+, Dad came back. Me, Dad and Mom went to my godmum's house to bai nian la. Brother did not tag along, as he's too busy playing his computer games. Yao shu wor! Godmum's house was lively too. Lotsa aunties were there (actually, two), Auntie Irene and Auntie Veron. Kelly was there, and so was Uncle Steven (or issit Chris? So many uncles one! Okay. It is Steven). Me and Dad munched on the goodies and watched HZGG while Mother talked with the aunties, Steven and godmum. Mother tried to get inside info on the takeover of Shop N Save by Cold Storage (Uncle Steven is an IT specialist at CS. He's changing all the price codes too). Ooo... he didn't reveal much (coz he, like Mother, don't know much. HaHa!), just that those shops which are doing badly are gonna be closed down lor (My mother suspected 883's branch. Its sales was doing quite badly). Ooo. Anyway, we left at 1. KaiMa (Godma in Cantonese) gave me $10. Increasement wor! HAHA! Thanks!  After that, we went to AMK Central. I ate mian fen guo while the two parents ate hor fun. After that, the parents brought some VCDs (Chinese period dramas). Then, they went to Causeway Point. I met WQ in Popular. He was with his brother (who looked totally different! O.o! I thought it was WQ's Dad, but upon a closer observation, it was his brother. HaHa!). We brought some highlighters (for brother) and bedsheet sets. We went to the library afterwards. I borrowed a lot of "old" books, ones which I read a lot of times le. I want to read the classics again! HeHe! Even my mother called me crazy (she remembered a book and said I read it for so many times le). Oh well.   We came home at about 4, and I spent some time reading my book and going online till 6. We went to AMK (Lorong 1, not Central) to eat some seafood. There's this seafood stall (those kinda grand one and always chop tables for themselves one ar.... 883 got one) my Father says it's good. We ordered a lot of things la. The main attraction was this yu sheng. Yeah. So nice! HaHa! The grand total came to be $57.80. Ooo! After that, we went home.  After days of hongbao collecting, the total money I collected is an auspicious number! Woo! (More than my brother's by about $12. Who ask him don't go visit people? Heh heh!) My parents don't allow me to buy MahJong (shucks! Idiots!), so I have two options. I can save this auspicious figure into the bank, or I can use some of this money to buy Dido's CD and save the rest (and spoiling the auspicious figure). After much contemplation (and Wendy's input), I decided to put $88 into my bank. I can always save up for the CD. Heh Heh! Moo meow!  I must wake up at 7.20 tomorrow. According to many of my experiements, I take 40 minutes to bath. When I come out, it would be showing the gloden Globe Awards. Oh god...cannot. I don't want to miss the opening. Okay, 7.15 then. Moo meow!   I gotta go le. See ya tomorrow. Night blog!
    


	 
      Hey hey. Sorry for not blogging yesterday. I was too tired to. Well, here I am. Heh.   FRIDAY   Well well well. The second day of CNY. The morning was kinda boring. In the afternoon, I am going to Wendy's house to play MahJong. My mother wants me to bring kum over, but I don't want. It would be kinda embarrassing, a child giving kum. Heh. It was raining and raining, but the rain stopped at 1 something. I then met Su Ping and we went to Wendy's house together.  When we arrived, Wendy was already playing with her colleagues and Kai Lun. HaHa. I saw lots of kum (brought by her colleagues) on the table. Even Ping brought kum. I was so like, paiseh for not bringing kum. Even auntie asked me (jokingly? I think so) why I didn't bring kum. So paiseh.  We then play MahJong (after her colleagues stopped playing). Woah. We play and play and playu. I won quite a number of times. Heh heh. Wen play ar play ar, until 4+. Kelvin, John, Jin Hong and Fong Wee came. The first time FW did was to interfere with my game. I was playing my own style one leh, until he came and arranged my tiles for me. He teach me like I am a complete idiot at MahJong like that leh. I feel so vexed. I want to play using my own style, and I know how to play lor. I got so flustered until I forgot to 'pong'. Ergh! Even Wendy's mother told them "You leave Kekvin alone la. The more you teach him, the more confused he becomes". Thanks Auntie! I think Su Ping also understands la. She don't really like playing with them around.   Me and Su Ping left at 6 something and we walked back. (Oh yes, thanks Wendy for letting me come your house and play! I enjoyed myself, expeically when playing with your mother. Heh Heh. :D Oh yes, I got $4 from Auntie. Xie xie!) I got home to a very angry Mother (because I said I would be back by 6 and I came home at 7). I met my Dad at the lift. His car was in an accident, because he knocked into a metal barrier. Something like that la. I only got sketchy details, because he won't tell me much.   It looks like Mom and brother waited for me and Dad to get home. We ate dinner and watched One Leg Kicking. I spotted Siva Choy (Oh, he's a very funny bi-weekly columnist of TNP on Sunday. There's a photo of him everytime. Some of my favorite columnists are Raymond Goh, Jason Hahn and Edwin Yeo. Heh Heh.), but I wasn't sure it was him until I saw the credits. Heh Heh. The movie's nice. :D Although I don't like football much, I love the storyline. Moo meow!!   After that, I went online, but did not blog, because I was too tired to. HeHe. Well, I went offline at 11+ (after recharging my handphone).    TODAY   HaHa. Today leh, we went to Mrs Chua's house. All of us met at 9.30, but as usual, a lot of cats came late. e set off at about 10, I think. We are taking 965 till the end of TPE. Me and Ji sat together. Gloria sat opposite us and we talked about a lot of things la (me and Ji listened to his Superstar). We got off at the end of TPE and took bus 83 at the opposite. We stopped about 3 stops later, and we were lost. HaHa. After some searching we located her house.  As usual, I didn't bring kum. A lot brought, but some didn't. Heng ar, I am not the extra. Woah! Her house was spacious! Hers was an Executive flat. so many rooms. There's even a green room, which we all suspected was the room for the baby (future baby anyway). Her husband, Chriz, was quite cute. He's very quiet though. Initially, we were quite shy one. We milled about and don't dare to walk about. Mrs Chua brought her wedding photos out. Woah! She looks very beautiful leh! I especially love her in the blue gown! So elegant! She can have different kinds of facial expression de. Sad, love, happy and funny. All kinds! (Hann hear le hor will feel very jealous!) Her husband was also very handsome in his suit(s). One of their symbols of love was a pair plushie of Mickey and Minnie. It signifies them being born in the year of the rat (they are 32 this year). So special. The plushies are sitting on a bench somewhere in the house.   After a while, they decided to play BlackJack (with money of course). At first, Mrs Chua don't allow one, but when she saw, she dont' really cared. I didn't play though. HeHe, partly due to me having no money (I even forgot to ask for lunch money from my Mother. I have to borrow from CQ), and partly due to me having bad experience with gambling (for details, refer to the blog on 1st January, or somewhere around there). I watched Ji play. He lost $16 in total. Only Kelvin Lim won. Heh Heh.   After playing, we decided to go eat lunch, Mrs Chua joined us for lunch. She took us to Compass Point to eat KFC. Me, Ji, WQ and Gloria shared a family meal. O.o We all ate and talked lor. At the end, Hann called. I let him talk to Mrs Chua. Heh Heh. At least he still can talk to her ma. Not so bad right? Heh Heh. We bade farewell to Mrs Chua. It has been an enjoyable experience at her house and with her company. HeHe. (She gave $4 hongbao money. Thanks!).   We took a double-decker bus to Woodlands Interchange. We are going to Jacintha's house to play MahJong/cards. We refers to me, WQ, CQ, Joyce, PY, GaoLuan, JunJie, Gloria and SuPing. HaHa. Now Joyce 'lent' me her orangers to bai nian. HeHe. After some milling about, we started to play. Me, JJ, GL, PY and SP played MahJong. I only won twice. HeHe. I also gambled with the rest for BlackJack. I initially won some (I played 10 cents), but lost all my coins (50 cents) in the end. Heh. Some people are coming back to Jacintha's house for more MahJong tomorrow. (And yes, Auntie gave us $4 also. Thanks!)  Me and Gloria went home at 6.30+ because of the heavy rain. I have to record Simpsons. I also recorded CardCaptor Sakura Movie 2. YaY! I am planning to watch them on Monday, after watching Gloden Globe Awards. :D I ate my dinner and watched a movie on Channel U, Her Fatal Ways 4, starring Carol Cheng. Actually, I didn't know it was her, until Dad told me so. The movie's so nice! I want to see the other 3!! Meow meow meow!   Ar, here I am online.  Hmm, today's a very nice day (save for the rain). Well, I gotta get going now. A busy day is ahead (not really) of me tomorrow. Well, see ya tomorrow. Night blog!
    


	 
      Xin nian kuai le!! Gong xi fa cai (or in Cantonese, Gong Hei Fak Choi)!!  HaHa. I slept at 2, after playing with my neighbours and surfing the net. When I woke up, I felt terribly terrible. My throat is all clammed up and inflammed. Ergh!!! So horrible! After I forced myself to vomit, I found out that it was phlegm stuck in my throat. My throat felt better, but not really that better. I got a bad bad cold though....Ergh!!!  Dad came home at 10+, and we set off. My brother did not come with us though, he's down with the flu. Poor thing. First place we went to is my paternal grandmother's place. I hate going there lor. Not because of my grandmum. Things are always quiet there lor. No real conversations one. Hate it. I got two hongbaos there. $6 each from Dai Ku Ma (eldest aunt) and grandma.   After that, we went to Bak Liong's house. She's my auntie (paternal side). There is much more livelier, and got my favorite cousin, Felicia. HaHa. There's more talk there and I enjoy it lor. HaHa. Bak Liong gave me $8. O.o!!!   We went to Whampoa to eat lunch. I ate vegetarian hor fun. I just had the luck to sit behind a group of smokers. The smoke avaggrated my runny nose! Idiots! A whole bunch of idiots! I had a very unpleasant time there.  After that, we went to Chun Dao He Pan. We always go there during CNY. It's a tradition. We took pictures, as usual. I posed with the 12 animals of the zodiac and the attractions of the park. This time, the wishing well's bell got bigger and easier to hit. Heh heh. Sure had a lot of fun 'wishing'. This year, there are more shops than usual. There's lesser attractions too. So meowful!  After that, we went to my maternal grandmother's house. O.o She got a DVD recorder and a LCD TV. Mother was so fascinated over them. HaHa. We chatted and ate. I ate a lot of things leh, after visitng 3 homes. Heh heh. Oh yes, Grandmother gave me $12, as usual.   I came back le...oh god. I don't wanna go on le lar...I feel so weak all over. Let me say that total I got from today (plus parents) is $66. I am getting more, of course. Now, Wendy placed a order on me to go rest, or else cannot go her house play mahjong. HaHa.   Okay okay. I end le. See ya tomorrow. Night blog!
    


	 
      Hey hey! CNY Eve!!   We (Me, SL, CQ, WQ, PY and WeeTeng) are going back to RSS today. Before that, we went to MacDonalds to eat breakfast. The girls backed out all of a sudden, and only left me, Ji and WQ to eat breakfast. WQ woke up at 7 (when I called), that lazy pig. Me and Ji finished our breakfast and he didn't get to eat at all, because we have to rush off to meet SL.  SL, WT and PY turned out to be 15 minutes late. HaHa. We waited outside the Hall for them, but we met them outside the school lor. We went to the gallery to watch (and was joined by lotsa Sec5s and 4s. They were terribly rude!) the performance. They was this dragon dance that went on for ages, but exciting too. The choir sang two songs. The first song was relatively unknown, but it was well-sung. The second song, Da Di Hui Chun, was very fast. I think they were too nervous liao. Cannot blame them la. After watching a few more dances, we went down to meet our teachers.  We first met Mrs Chua. HaHa. She invited us to her house to bai nian (actually, we siggested first, but she welcomed us all the same. HeHe). We are going this Sat. We then listened to the teachers singing. Mdm Huang was too high-pitched, and loud. She spoilt the songs. HaHa. Seriously!! Oh oh!! The Mr Kok was dressed up as the God Of Fortune and distributing (throwing, more like) chocolate coins around. HaHa. He came right to us and gave us the chocolate frogs. The juniors were all looking at us jealously. HaHaHa!   After that, we went to look for Mrs Jalil. Did you know she's pregnant? I sure don't. Ji told me she's about a month of so. No wonder la, can't tell ma. She was as friendly as ever. Mrs Tan and Mrs Chua joined us. HaHa. Mrs Tan kept telling us to come back for the Fiesta. Gurmit Singh is coming you know! Coolies! I said that we will sure come back one--to dunk the teachers! Muhahaha! We stayed on to chat more, then we left le. We (with the exception of SL and WT) walked towards Sembawang MRT and took the train towards Causeway.  We ate lunch there. I ate the mian fen guo. soon, HM and Gloria joined us for lunch, coming back from YJ. They then went to play pool, which I totally not intrested in (and have no money either). I went to look for Amanda and Wendy to wish them a happe new year and went back home.  I surfed the Net and played some games until Mother came back from work. HaHa. Some customers tried to come in after 7, but Mother refuse to let them come in ("They complain la, but we heck care! If they come in like that, how can we go back to eat dinner?"). Good job! We finally started on our reunion dinner, steamboat! It was a hearty dinner! Delicious!! Good good! Long time never eat le! The feast ended off with the drinking of sparkling cocktail.   We watched the movie on Channel 8, I went to bath and here I am (see...no tada today!)...online. Tada! (HaHa...I can't resist! :P) I found a new HP Interactive Site, MuggleNet Interactive. The site is so welcoming...and this time, I am actually using myself as the character (not a female one like Storm....hmmmmm). It looks real fun, and I bet I am gonna have fun. :)  Alright, I gotta end this le. I got a lot of things to do (mainly games playing) before going to to play with my neighbors. See ya tomorrow! Gong Xi Fa Cai, blog!
    


	 
      Oh moo meow!! Tuesday meows at the duck!  Hmm..today leh, I went to the 883 with Mother. HaHa. True, I ate roti prata as planned. HaHa. Woah, today the market and Shop N Save was terribly crowded. I guess everybody's buying their last minute goodies. I guess they won't want to buy too early because it won't be fresh. Yeah. That's why everyone buys now la. Heh. We brought some kuehs and buns (for tomorrow's praying) and flowers. O.o! The thorns are terribly pricky (duhz).   We came back at 10, and at 11, Dad called. We are going to Woodgrove's NTUC to buy some kum (mandarin oranges). HaHa. We also brought a lot of fruits and more buns. O.o The kums turn out to be not suitable to pai nian, ahhh, whatever la. HaHaHa.  After that leh, we went to Admiralty Place to eat lunch. I ate the hotplate beancurd rice thingy. Nice sia! After that, we went to market again We brought more kueh (again? HaHa...look at the hassle of CNY. I enjoy it though. Heh.). Then, we went back lor.  HaHa. I tell you hor, I slept for 5 hours (from 1-6). I just laid down on my mother's bed, closed my eyes, and just slept lor. Pig right? I think I was very tired. Or extra sleepy. Meow moo! I dreamt a lot of dreams. The most interesting on is that me and my 8 siblings (fictional) were jailed for 9 years for stealing a secret formula of a scientist (must be that report I saw in TNP!! There's a report on someone drugging a scientist today)!!  HaHa. I was like hugging my eldest sister and the police officer (I said "you were a great officer". She replied with "you have a great would-be-prisoner". Crazy dream!) before I went into the jail. I remember it being very spacious, and before I know it, a year passed and me and my siblings celebrated. HaHa!! I forgot the rest le la...I got so many dreams.   After waking (and stopped dreaming silly dreams), me and Dad went to 768 to eat dinner. I ate fried rice, he ate pork ribs noodles. We also brought some plates (for the altar thingy) and some vegetarian thingy for praying. Woah. So many things!   We came back, I bathed and watched some TV. SL asked us to go back to RSS tomorrow to look at the celebrations and pay visits to our teachers. HaHa. I want to visit Mrs Chew leh. See what the others say first la. Hmm....  Okay, I gotta get going le. See ya tomorrow! CNY is gonna be here soon! So exciting!! Night blog!
    


	 
      Hey hey! Moo meow meow!  Woah, I woke up early today. We are going out to eat breakfast and buy last minute new year goodies. HaHa. Father picked us up at 8.20+ to go out.  First, we went to Marsiling market to eat breakfast and buy a few groceries. I ate fried carrot cake, siew kueh and tau hua. HaHa. Whenever I go Marsiling, I would always eat a lot of things one. My pig la. Heh! After that leh, Mother went to market and brought some lotus stem (lian ou), apparently to boil lian ou soup (dunnoe when). She also brought some CNY decorations.  My mother's back started aching. She decided to go to the Yishun doctor. Guess what? There's a long long queue. I stayed inside my father's car, eating Mentos (I asked my parents to buy a packetful for me. I ate about 10 Mentos, I think) while listening to the radio on my father's car. Somehow, the radio spoilt and I can hardly hear the lyrics. Why, it took me until the chorus for me to realize that the song is "Ode To My Girl" by Sheik Haikal. The static is driving me nuts. I guess I waited about 1.5-2 hours in the air-conless car before they are done. I was so sweaty by then. Ayioh!   After the insufferable agony, we went to Woodlands Central to eat lunch and go shop at Sheng Shiong. Ha. We couldn't find a parking space, so crowded! Okay, that was an exxaggeration. We did find one, very far awasy from Sheng Shiong though. Meow! Me and Mom ate hokkien prawn mee, Dad queued up to deposit money in his account. He ate a lot during breakfast, so he don't want to eat lunch. After lunch, we went to Sheng Shiong. We brought  hams  ! Finally! YaY! It did not run out of stocks after all. They were all in bags, already packed. HaHa. We also brought more CNY decorations and veggies. After that, we went home lor.  I went to Wendy's house shortly. Father drove me directly to Wendy's block. It was raining real heavily. Yeah Wendy, now you know why I didn't get wet. Ha. I watched her pack her wardrobe. She has a lot of clothes man! Ha. Soon, we opened the box of mahjong Wendy brought. Woah lao! That Wilson (Wendy's colleague) go and wrap the MahJong all in scotch-tapes. So difficult to open, and there were remants of the tape on the tiles, making them sticky. We had to wash them, which is very very difficult. Ergh!  Halfway, Wendy's father came back. I was like O.o, because I don't really have a good impression of her Dad ma. We continued washing and washing, until her Dad volunteered to help us wash. So good of him. HaHa.   At 4 something, KL came over lor. Actually, Wendy went to fetch him form 888. It was pouring man! He brought chicken rice for me and Wendy (I paid him back of course!). HaHa.  After washing and wiping the tiles, we were ready to play. Me, KaiLun, Wendy and Wendy's mom played MahJong. Woah lao. Wendy's mother and KaiLun so good at the game. They even know what tile each other wants to win. HaHa. Wendy's mother even know I got a pong when I picked up a tile. I only said "Ohh..." softly. She's an expert man! According to her, she hasn't played for 10 years. Woah. Oh yes, we played in the corridor. HaHa. What an odd place to play MahJong. We took a sort break to eat dinner, then resumed playing. In total, I only won 2 times. Auntie won the majority of the games, and everyone won at least once. HaHa. We stopped at 7, when I have to go back. What a good game. I am looking forward to Thursday's game, when we can play longer! HaHa!!  I came back, bathed (so wet!! It was raining. Rain rain rain! Ergh!) and watched some TV. Tada. I am online. (I use tada a lot nowadays. HaHa!) Tomorrow I am eating roti prata for breakfast, and probably on Wednesday too. See, I already planned out my breakfast. Tomorrow Mother and I are buying the mandarian oranges from Shop N Save. Looks like their oranges are the cheapest after all. Ha!   alright, looks like I better go now. See, this entry is longer than Sat's and Sun's. HaHaHa! Told ya so. Alright, stopping le. See ya tomorrow. Night blog!
    


	 
      Hey hey! Sun-meow-day!  Hmm..today morning was the same lor. Except hor, one idiotic thing spoilt my mood. I ate laksa. However, the laska contains those idiotic leaves. Spoil the whole flavour of the laksa!! ERGH!! Worse of all is hor, my mother told her not to put the leaves inside, but she ignored my mother. Even when my mother complained about it hor, she still ignored my mom. WHAT KIND OF SERVICE IS THIS? Idiot leh! I told my mother hor, don't pay until the food is ready. If that idiot adds leaves, I told my mother to just walk off and don't pay. Come on lor. I wanted a specific kind of laka, and I am paying for it. If the vendor is not going to give me that, then I am not paying for it. Spoil the morning!!! After eating breakfast, I watched TV lor.   After lunch and HZGG, I slept a little. Lazy pig. HaHa. After waking up, I decided to play this new online game called Priston Tale. HaHa. As usual, I became a magician. In any game, I would not become anything except something in the magic line. HaHa. :D I played for some 3 hours, until I levelled up to level 3. HaHa. Oh well.  I came online for an hour, then went down to buy dinner for me and brother. We ate dinner and watched TV at the same time. Then I bathed and tada, I am here.   HaHa. I am like, so nothing to write one. HaHa. But rest assured, tomorrow will be filled with lotsa things. Oh, I cna't promise that, but it would be longer lor. HaHa. Tomorrow I am going out ma. HaHa.  Therefore, I am ending this liao. See ya tomorrow. Night blog! 
    


	 
      Hey hey blog. Today has been terribly boring. Yeah. HaHa.   Hmm..today morning was a bore. Yeah. I woek up at 8.30, bathed, ate breakfast and watched TV. I came online at 11 after Pokemon. I bascially surfed around and chatted with XC lor. Yeah.                                                                         Mother cooked lunch at 12+. Instant noodles la, nothing much. Moo meow meow. I also downloaded Wendy's mp3s. Ayioh...so idiotic. I can only download like, 4? The rest are either unavilable, corrupt or the stupid people changed the file names. Darn those idiots!  HaHa. I can tell you I slept from 1 till about 2.50+. I just lie down on my bed and slept, waking up about like 15-30 mins in between. HaHa. I am such a lazy cat. I am so sleepy! *Yawn*  After that, I helped Janet burn a CD containing installation for Dreamweaver. HaHa. It cna't work though....hmmm. Then, I surfed the Net, play Neopets, this and that la.   I went to bath at 6, came out, ate dinner while watching my Sat shows. Then, tada, I am here. HaHa. I don't know what to say liao...  I think I stop here liao lor. Such a short (and boring? or sweet?) blog. Ha! See ya tomorrow. Night blog!  
    


	 
      Hey Hey! Today's been super busy. Ha. Not really la. Just the morning and early afternoon.   Hmm...today morning I woke up quite early to go to the doctor. HaHa. So early moo meow! Father picked us up at 8am. We managed to get to be the head of the queue.      We went to eat at the coffeeshop near the clinic. We three ate kueh chap. Moo meow!! After that, we went back to wait for my turn. I read my book (Clues to Harry Potter), I still haven't finished it yet. Oh moo meow!   The doctor diagnosed my chest pains as eating too much ice. Something like the coldness constrict blood flow/artieries/veins. Something like that la. Due to bulk ordering of medicines, the total fees came up to $125. O.O!  Oh yes, Mother brought taufu back to cook. You see ar, the person packaged it in a incorrect way. He just put the taufu into a small read plastic bags. The edges could cut into the taufu and split them apart!!! The correct way should put the taufu into clear plastic bags full of water (like how you put small fishes). Therefore, we have to hold the taufu in our palms, and cannot hold it like how you hold a plastic bag normally. Yeah... and I have to guard the taufu in the backseat, to prevent it from being squashed/cut/damaged. Yes.   After the visit to the doctor's we went to some plant greenhouse in Jalan Kayu. They wanted to buy some kak (those orange thingys) plants, which are going on an offer, $18 instead of $48. Well, one glance can tell why they placed them on offer. The plants were so small and puny...some dead, some very young. Not very ideal. Yeah..We managed to get two plants that don't look so bad. The first one we picked was of excellent quality (we found out that it was placed accidentally in that section, and should be sold for $48. HaHa! We got lucky!). We also brought this bamboo thingys. Those got tiers one. It's supposed to be very lucky. We brought one three-tiered for $5. It's the ONLY one that none of the bambboos died (and you wonder the cheapness of the price).   We have to load it into the taxi. We placed it on the space between the front seats and the back seat (where u put your feet). During the jounrney back home, I had to put my feet on the two pots, pressing them down so they won't fall onto the back seat. I am also trying to read my book and look after the taufu. I am so busy!         After that, we went back, relax a bit, and went to Admiralty Place to eat lunch. I ate chicken rice. After that, Dad went to the bank to exchange new notes (for hongbaos la). Mother was angry at him for some reason (I know but I don't wanna tell).   I came back and started to clean the floor lor. I vaccumed first, then mopped the floor. HaHa. My first time vaccuming and mopping. So tiring! I was sweating like shit. Ha! I didn't vacuum properly, because of the stupid rotating thingy la. HaHa. :P anyway. HaHa.   After that, I went online surfing. Most qi shu lin things happened. MSN Messenger and Neopets decided to go on maintence, leaving me nothing to play with (more of Neopets.... MSN no cats online) . HaHa. I ate dinner, and the taufu taste a bit strange (probably left in the car for so long). Hmm...  I was almost being chased by a bisexual that XC got to knew. Let's just said he fled upon seeing my pic. HAHA! I dunnoe why he wants to chase after me in the first place? The way I speak is nice meh? O.O How intriguing.  Okay le. I gotta get going. See ya tomorrow. Night blog!
    


	 
      Heya blog!  Hmm...I woke up at the same time too. Hmm...today we are going to AMK Central to eat breakfast. Parents want to do shopping there. At 9.20, my father picked us up (so late! My stomach is growling from hunger!).  I ate cuttlefish with fish slices porridge. O.o My parents ate prawn mee and curry noodles. We shared a plate of carrot cake between us. After eating, we went to the market behind. We brought some  kak , those small little orranges. A pair of them for 80 cents. We brought 5 pairs, so that's $4. Next, we went to AMK Ave 5. There's supposed to be this wet market, but 9it was under renovation, so the vendors moved to this empty space near the building to set up stalls. Yeah. We brought some incense and altar thingys for the family altar. Yeah. Moo meow meow.  After that, we went to Woodlands Central (O.o We are going 'Central' today). They want to go Sheng Shiong to buy stuff. They said they aren't gonna buy much, but hor, they always buy a lot de. Today was no exception. Hmm....we brought more prawns and cuttlefish for steamboat, and crabs for tonight! YaY. We also brought 2 bowls of sharksfin soup (made out of shark cartillage) for me. Ha. After the shopping, we went to eat lunch at the nearby food center.   We came back at 1+. I read the New Paper and watched Dad clean the altar for awhile. After that, I ate sharkfin and came online. Frankly speaking, after eating so much sharkfin, I am getting sick of them. Surprise surprise. HaHa. No way man! I am not gonna eat sharkfin until CNY, when Mom is gonna cook it herself (with REAL sharkfin). HaHa. I went online till dinnetime. There was a short power trip, caused by a fused bulb. Hmp!   Hmm...dinner was some steamed century eggs. Then, I bathed and came out to watch TV (and read my book). Then, tada. I am here. HaHa.  Auntie Linda always sends us a CNY greeting card every year, and we always send them back one. Auntie Linda always spell my brother, Edwin, as Alvin. This year, she managed to get it right. HaHa. For so many years, she actually thought my brother was Alvin, until Mother corrected her last year. HAHA! Well, interesting tidbit for ya.   I am analyzing WQ and his lack of interest in romantic stuff (like appreciating love quotes). Hmm..Due to privacy issues, i cna't post my analysis here. However, friends of his can easily guess la. Yes. It's THAT easy.   I gotta end blogging le. Chilli crabs are waiting for moi (I can smell the rich chilli frangance!! Meow moo!)!! See ya tomorrow. Night blog!
    


	 
      Oh meow meow!   Today leh, I woke up at 8.30. After bathing, I followed Mom to 883, to eat breakfast, to buy groceries. I think I would be doing that everyday. HaHa. I ate the what ar, fishball noodles. We brought 8-Days then I walked around, while reading that mag, Shop And Save trailing my mother while she records price changes. One idiotic old lady poked me in my back, and gestured rudely that I am blocking her path. EXCUSE ME! THERE ARE POLITER WAYS TO TELL SOMEONE TO MOVE! I glared at her when I made way. Idiot. After that, we went to the market to buy some ingredients for steamboat (reunion dinner). Okay, we did not. We almost brought prawns, but we forgot. Tomorrow buy lor. Mother brought some big pieces of ginger, saying that such big pieces are hard to come by. The world can do without ginger.  I came back, went online. Oh,. Kinokuniya called me while I was away. I had a feeling they would call this morning, but I didn't bring my phone. i shoulda listened to my instinct. They said the book I wanted, New Clues to Harry Potter Book 5, came. YaY! I yesterday placed an online order on two books, the New Clues and The Ultimate Unofficial Guide to the Mysteries of Harry Potter. I am anxiously waiting for the online receipt to come, so I can collect it. Me and manda chatted. I encouraged her to join Singapore Idol. Wendy and SuPing also. They got great voices man! I would like to see them join, and win! :D They have the ability to lor. Yep!  YaY! The email order came in! I immediately rushed to Kinokuniya to get it. Yay!! These books are about exposing hints/clues in the Harry Potter series. The first one tells us the hints already revealed. The second book in the series (Book 5 Clues) makes the readers think for themselves. How smart of the author. I came home at 1.30+.  I ate my lunch (nasi lemak) while reading the first book. Woah! The book really broaden the HP world. I can see very clearly that JK had already hidden clues for what's coming in the later books (even up to book 5. This shows that she already had all of it planned. HaHa!) in the first book. I never noticed these clues until they were pointed out. How wodnerous! I began to appreciate the HP series more and more. It's a series full of mysteries, suspense right till the end. :) What a fun clues-unravelling book!  Hmm...after a few chapters and lunch, I went online lor. Play Gunbound, chat...then onto dinner. After dinner, came back, bathed and watched TV. The new series is nice. I like the character ShuiXi. Yes Yes. I read a few chapters too. Okay, after that, I came online and here I am, blogging.  I think hor, only after CNY then I would start looking for a job. Yeah...I lazy la. HaHa. Moo meow meow! I am so excited about buying ingredients for reunion dinner! HaHa! We must buy  hams  (calm-like thingys...forgot the English word for it) early!! Once, we didn't get to eat  hams  because we were too late. They got sold out at CNY Eve!! We must buy at least 2 days before CNY Eve. That's Monday. I will make sure Mother buys then. Or should we buy tomorrow? The sooner, the better. I see  hams'  stock today in the market, and they were quite few lor!! They were being snapped up!! Oh god! I must eat  hams  during steamboat! I cannot do without them!! No no no!!  Okay. Enough worrying. Tomorrow decide hor. Okay. I going le. Today's Charmed Episode is the one of the season! Must watch ar!! See ya tomorrow! Night blog!
    


	 
      Heya!   Moo meow meow! Today leh, I woke up early to go to YJ. I met Gloria at 6.45 and we walked to Admiralty Station lor. We meet up with everybody (surprise surprise. That idiot arse was not really late, but was late all the same. can't he get up early? i bet that vainpot is styling himself in front of the mirror every morning. Anyone who knows him can basically tell already. What a narcissist.). We got to school.  Yeah. They went to their own class, while I sat in the canteen reading my book. Soon, i was approached by a teacher. She told me to go up to the office to appeal lor. Luckily I was not scolded or anything la. I was told by the clerk to wait for Mrs Kwang, the one in-charge for appeals.  That teacher looked at my report book and commented that my grades were not that good. Bitch. HELLO! My grades were good hor! Darn you. Then, I said that I come to YJ because PJ don't offer me the subject combination I wanted. That Kwang said that "So if PJ offer you Chem Bio, you would choose PJ right?". Yeah, I admit. She got it lor. I have no loyalty whatsoever towards YJ. Fianlly, she said the transfers were closed and it would be a real hassle to get me inside, besides, I am not loyal to YJ and I got bad grades. I was really polite and said "I am sorry for bothering you". Ayioh!! Idiot. Their bad for losing me then. Hello lor. People are quitting YJ right and left, and you are being picky on someone who wants to come in? Please la. Consider yourself lucky someone actually wanted to come inside lor.   I asked my parents to fetch me. We are going to Marsiling market to eat and buy some groceries. I ate black carrot cake. After that, I went back to bath, while parents went to Sheng Shiong to buy more groceries and two bowls of shark fins for me. YaY!     Hmm....shark fins taste as nice as ever. After some web surfing, I cooked noodles for myself. Ended up overcooking them, taste so soft. At 2, me and Dad left for the bank to withdraw my money.  Oh my god. The queue's so long. Extend from the inside to the outside lor. I was like very very sian. I learnt at the end that I have been queueing for 2 hours! Oh my! 2 hours of inching along. The queues can kill (it rhymes). I got my $70, which I am gonna use it to buy my two books (Harry Potter hint/clue books) from Kinokuniya . Yeah.   After that, I went to Metro to return Wendy her comic book. It looks like she reserved a MahJong set! YaY! Can play with her le! Moo meow!! We are planning to play on the second day of CNY. Anycat is welcome!  I came online, went online for awhile and went to eat dinner at 768. I came back, bathed, watched some TV and then came online again. Ha.   Seriously hor, I don't know what I am gonna do now lor. Probably stay home and rot. ACtually, not. I am gonna self-study at home. I can also go find a job. Sigh. I am confused liao. Moo meow meow!  I think I log off le la. See ya tomorrow. Night blog!
    


	 
      Heya moo meow!  Ayiah...today hor, I am thrown into a fix la. Early in the morning, Chun called Metro. Well, they are not hiring us after all. They only want temp workers, and we have to go work in Marina. ...  I was like...jobless lor. I can either stay at home until release of O Level results or go to YJ to study. Yeah...I was contemplating these options lor.  Hmm... I ate bread for breakfast, while mother went to 883 to get a haircut and buy groceries. I did nothing except to surf the net and chat with WQ. For lunch, me and Mother went to 768 to eat Pig Organ Soup (with rice). Yeah...  In the afternoon also lazed around lor. Hmm... after giving it lotsa thoughts, I decided to go to YJ. Me lazing around the house and rotting away is not a viable option. I'll go mental! Actually hor, it was WQ who made me make this decision. He's doing his GP homework, and I realized so much that I craved for homework. Esepcially GP, Chem and Bio! I wanna do homework! (I know this is atypical for a student.... but I really miss school! I can really feel Manda's and Wendy's longing for school... Once a student, always a student!) Yeah, I am appealing tomorrow. Meow.....  Hmm...we ate dinner, watched TV, and tada. I am here. I think I end here liao la. Yet another of my short blogs. Oh well. Wish me luck tomorrow. Night blog!
    


	 
      Hey hey!   Hmm...nothing much happened today. Watched TV and came online in the morning lor. I ate instant noodles for lunch.  I came online, played Gunbound with CQ. I lost so terribly. HaHa. CQ's a newbie too. Oh well. I haven't been playing for so long! After that, someone mysteriously messaged me. It's one of YingYing's friend, asking me for help on locus. Yeah, so helped him a bit lor. After that, I played my Sims. Woah! Long time never play that le. After finishing, I went online la.  At 6 something, I went to eat dinner. Today, Mother cooked, due to my special request. I don't wanna buy food outside again la. Eat eat eat, watched some tV then went to bath.  Hmm. Chun just called. She wanted to find out Metro's number. It looks like she wanna go interview for sales associate too. I asked if she wanna go together. She agreed lor. We are meeting after she called me tomorrow. She's calling HQ first, to find out if there are vacancies (sure got one la...). If there's only one place, may the best person win then (got more than one de la. The receptionist told me there's some, and I don't think anyone went to interview on Friday lor. Weekends no interviews). It would be cool though, me and Chun going into Metro together. HeHe. I also cut my fingernails (surpirse surprise! I am not an advocate of nail-cutting, as you all know). Good impression counts, and good impression includes neatness. Yeah.  Well, yeah. So ends my blog for today. See ya tomorrow with news! Good luck to me!! Night blog! 
    


	 
      Heya!   Today leh, the whole lot of us went back to RSS for the CCA Open House. HaHa. Before that, we went to eat at Mac's for breakfast. Me, Gloria and HuiLinh met first, then proceeded to Woodlands.   We met CQ, HM and SL. SL's colleagues came too. HaHa. Joyce and PY joined us later. I ate the Egg MacMuffin Meal. O.o! Quite okay lar. Me, CQ, Joyce, PY and Gloria first went to Joyce's house to get her donation cards, while the rest walked to school. Then, we took the train to Sembawang and walked to school. They discusssed a lot about JCs. HaHa.   We met up with Wendy and Chun in school. We went to the choir room first. Woah.... that idioitc Vincent became terribly crazy. He knocked his head against the wall repeatedly. Everyone said he's seeking attention, but he said he's punishing himself. Kinda stupid lar....Everybody don't like him. I can see why though...HaHa. Oh yes, Mdm Harn is on maternity leave (she's gonna be in a foul mood once her leave's over), so Mrs Tan temporary took over. O.o!!   We seniors went up to the gallery to watch the show. I was reading this comic of Wendy's. W.I.T.C.H. It's a nice comic! I love it! Of course, I love everything about magic... I'll be buying it and subsequent volumes! :D   After a long long speech by Mr Kok, the performance started. I wanna skip straight to the last segment, the choir performance. The first song, Under The Sea, honestly sucked. Lots of out-of-pitches....too high. Oh my... The second and last song, a medley of Madonna' songs, were better than the first one. Thank god! I noticed the choir bcame more relaxed...started swaying their bodies and all. Yeah. Good good. Did I mention that the compere (the male one) sucks? Oh god!!!  We watched some performances by the UGs. Ayiah...every year the same one la. Got a Kok Mun solo some more. HaHa! Sucks la.... :P After that, it was choir promotion time. Actually hor, we didn't much promotion la. We seniors stood around and chatted with each other. O.O!! After milling here and there, and some promotional attempts, we left at 12+.   All of us (the original grp who met earlier minus Sl's colleagues) went to Woodlands Central to eat. I ate laksa and a desert (dunnoe what name). After that, we walked around lor. At a shop right, me and  PY saw these really beautiful zodiac jigsaw puzzles that were selling really cheap ($5 for 1000 pieces, $3 for 500 pieces). However, Causeway's Jigsaw World sell these for $20+ you know. The cheap cheap ones are obviously fakes! O.o Can even tell from the box liao.   We went to Sheng Shiong and walked around. SL brought some sweets. After that, me, Gloria and HL went home together. I bathed, ate sharkfin (fake one la...$2 a bowl...but nice if you put lotsa pepper) and came online. after that, went out to eat dinner and rushed back to watch my Sat shows.   Here I am online, listening to my CDs again. Club Beats now ma. I now talking to XC. woah! His Taylor Collegue so good! I envy him you know. I wanted to go one....but I have no money. Sigh! Moo moo meow!  Before I go, I wanna express my well-wishes to WQ, who is sick in bed with the flu! I know it's hard on you...but you must cheng zhe! You can do it one!! Okay...gotta go now. See ya tomorrow. Night blog!
    


	 
      Heya! Friday is a meowing day!!  Early in the morning, me and Mom had to go to the Yishun doctor. Something about sores on my legs la. HaHa. We had to walk great distances (actually, a same long road 4 times. Quite hard to explain here...). We also brought 1kg of melon seeds. Eee...kinda mouldy, some of them. Most are quite okay though.  HaHa. I came back at 10 and I immediately went off to the Metro interview. It wasn't quite hard to locate Tower B. The receptionist didn't believe that I am 16. she said "Why aren't you in school?" I said I graduated le, took my Os last year and all. She then told me that the staff is not here today. Wasted my time man. HaHa.  I came home just in time to eat my lunch (fried rice) and go to the ICA (last time used to be the SIR building) to make IC. My brother's. I just brought my OotP along and read and read and read. After IC-making, we went to Whampoa to eat the heavenly duck porridge. Hmmmm!  I came back, read more OotP and fell asleep promptly at 3.30 on the sofa. I was so damn tired. What did I dream? Yeah. I dreamt that 2 thieves (which include a heavyset woman....almost Hagrid-like, actually) came into our house brazenly. They came to steal my brother's computer. Something about valuable info in ther (they input the info in....something like that la). Before I know it, hours passed, they left. The house was in a mess. I called the police, they refuse to come ("Put down the phone!! They are gonna kill you if they know you are calling us!"). Then, my brother woke me up at 5. He's informing me that he's going to his friend's house. HaHa. I continued sleeping some more until the sound of vaccum woke me up (father's vaccum). I also fell back asleep (see how tired I was?) then miraculously woke up just before 7 to watch Ben Yue. I slept for about 3.5 hours ba...ha!  Ben Yue was great. I loved the part where XiHe was killed by the Emperor and FuXi. So good! So sad the sotry between Chang'e and Huo Yi... star-crossed lovers, they are. Moo meow! I also ate my dinner while watching.  Hmm... nothing to say le hor? Okaylor...I gotta go le la. See ya tomorrow. Night blog!
    


	 
      Heya!   I went to YJ today. Sneaky little cat me! At the main gate, I nearly exposed myself...I was talking about sneaking in at the walkway, when a teacher was behind me.   I had to hide in the toilet for morning assembly. HaHa. I read my Order of the Phoenix. At 8 something, I came out to check...and a man was looking at me. I was like so damn  scared. I thought he was a teacher or something. It turned out that he was a cleaner! Oh! Thank my lucky stars! WQ came to fetch me later. What a long long wait. And a sweaty one too.                              The first lecture was Maths C. Woah! The teacher is not bad wor. He's funny, he's good. We did indices rule la. Quite easy wor... He got a girlfriend, by the way. That's what he told us. Oo....  There's this short little break. I ate some cup noodles, a Tom Yam flavour one. woah! I missed this brand man! I love it!   After that, I went to WQ's classroom for GP lesson. HaHa! When I told his classmates I sneaked in, all of them went "woah!". HAHA! This GP teacher hor, she marked attendance. I was so damn worried of getting caught. She never asked for my name and all that....either she's idiotic or she closed one eye. Anyway, she's such a vile bitch. She's exactly like Professor Umbridge. Behind all her sweet, innocent rules are seeds of discord, to be sowed within the class. Rules like "If one cat don't pass up homework, tha cat won't get punished. Instead, the whole class." are exactly creating disharmony of relations between classmates! So Umbridge-gy. Idiotic. She's a Mrs. Who is so unlucky and stupid to marry her? Blind. I almost got caught to attend a class of rules and regulations. Stupid right?   After that leh, I attened Physics lecture. The Physics teacher, Mr Leong, is such a goofball. HaHa. He likes The Matrix and LOTR series. He hates the army too. Yeah. These are observations made by me. I so wu liao right? HaHa. Physics lecture not bad laos la. Quite enjoyable. :)  After that, I went to the canteen to wait for Gloria coming down for her lunch (one hour later). I cannot go to WQ's CT and MT class, because both lessons are taught by his form teacher. I cannot appear there one. I read my OotP there. Ha.  Gloria they all came down, I ate chicken rice for lunch. HaHa. I revealed that I sneaked in again, not realizing that a pair of teachers were sitting next to me. Oh well! I slept for a while, and taught Huimin some AO-Maths. Sets theory ar. Yeah. HaHa.  Soon, Janet and WQ came down. Four of us went to some coffeeshop to eat lunch. Only WQ ate there, as three of us had already eaten. After that, we went back lor.  Hmm....I called the Metro. They said no positions left for temps in Woodlands. I can try being a permanent staff la. Tomorrow I am going to the walk-in interview. HaHa. I consulted Amanda on what to say. Bascially hor, give politcally correct answers (which do not apply to real life). Yeah. HaHa. I must look good you know! So meowing one!  Okay, I gotta get going. See ya tomorrow. Night blog!
    


	 
      Heya! Moo meow meow!  Okay... before I start narrating bout today, let me tell you a dream I had last night (actually, this early morning). I dreamt that me and Hann lost our appeals. Yeah...HaHa.     Okay...today leh, I was kinda in a wreck. About the posting of results lor. Hann also. He's so scared.  I was like feeling scared for the wrong reasons lor. I was kinda scared that my appeal is successful.  Okay, later on, the Mr Whoever (in-charge of planning of classes) said that 70% of the appeals are successful. I was like "What?" and I prayed that I am in the 30%. Oh my god...i am getting so desperate.   We had this mass dance first. HaHa. We danced lotsa lotsa times. After mass dance, we began making costume for our mascot. Me, Mingyao and two others worked on our knight's cape. HaHa.  After that, we went to the telematch. Yay!! We Zulu won all the 4 matches in a row (last 4 matches...we got second for the first match)! YAY!!!! We did Zenith proud man! Go Zenith!! Yes, you cna guess. I had fun. :)  Okay...at the end right..me and Hann found out that our appeals are unsuccessful. (Oh my god! My prophetic dream came true! I am a Seer!! O.o) Hann wanna go appeal, but I don't want to stay onto PJ le. I already made up my mind from the start. The v.p told us that Bio is full le. Bullshit la. If our A-maths passed, I think Bio can still have us lor.   At the end right, Zenith got champion!!! WEEE!!!! Zenith Zenith! Waah lang zee Zenith phua bey ton! SONG BO (In Hokkien means that Zenith is unbeatable! It's part of our cheer)!! WEEE!! Zenith Zenith Zenith....Zenith!!  Okay....me and Hann went to Causeway Point lor. I wanted to find Wendy to talk, and to eat there also. Me and Hann go eat first, finding Wendy later. I ate the what, Claypot Chicken Rice. Eeee... the rice so chao ta one...not nice. I am so hungry now!  We went to find Wendy at the Metro storeroom. I was caught by two supervisors, and almost got Wendy into trouble. Luckily, her supervisors were like "closed one eye" lor...At first they were angry la...but they very lenient de... We moved to the open to talk. Me, Wendy and Hann talked. About our choices. About working in Metro (I went to the counter and got address for HQ). About this and that.  Yeah...I went away at 7, when my father called and told me to go home.  Actually hor, I already made plans. On Friday, I will go to Metro HQ to interview. Sat I go to Open House. Tomrrow, I have a choice of going to YJ or staying at home. See what my mother say first. HaHa. WQ they all can help me sneak in. HeHe. I just wanna experience how lecture is like lor. If I never experience, I will be doing an injustice to myself. HaHa.   I gotta go now. Ya know...watch Charmed. That's why my blog is so rushed. Okay? See ya tomorrow. Night blog!
    


	 
      Heya. After some dilly-dallying, I am now blogging. Yeah.  Today leh, I was very hesistant about going to orientation. Haiyah....no mood liao lor. I always go early one leh. They all come so late some more...  HaHa! During the attendance taking, the teacher always leave me and MingYao out lor!! For two staight days, she marked us absense. Luckily we managed to correct her in the end. Haiyo. Actually hor, we can leave right away, since ya know, she marked us absent and all. Might as well be really absent. HaHa.   In the assembly, an announcement was made that all former choir and Chinese Ochestra members were to meet. I was like...ooh. It looks like they wanted the choir members into the PJ Choir. There's this rule or some sort, about it being obligatory to go back to your old CCA. Of course, there's this audition, which I can fail easily (my pitching sucks. I asked the teacher about audition failing, she said "I don't thinka ynone would fail the audition, given you all have been in choir for 4 years.". There are some special cases lor, like those who can't pitch!! O.o!). PY was so angry at this system, because she hates choir. Never seen her this angry before. O.o!  After the thingy, I went over to the CO group (wait for my friend Ming Yao). HAHa. The teacher mistook me as a CO member. I don't wanna sign the list ma, so I said "Don't gimme". The teacher said "You can run but you can't hide". Hello!! I am only an accompaniment. Meow meow meow!   After the fiacso, we went for games. Woah. This time not bad ar... Even though we only won once. HaHa. I was running along the track to the other end when my group suddenly shouted "Go Kelvin Go!" Woah! That's such a huge morale booster. I ran much faster. HaHa! This is the first time I felt so happy too. HeHe.   After games, we went for breaks. Then, we went up the hall to complete the mass dance. Ayioh...not like i wanna say leh. My dance partners for today and yesterday not fun one....so shy....and clumsy. My luck! Meow!  Then, we went down for break again. I ate chicken rice. We went up to the hall, and sat down to discuss our mascot. Yeah, this and that. We were given a lunch break, but since we alreadt ate, we remained in the hall for games. HaHa. All require some embrassing forfeit ones. HaHa! Heng ar...I never forfeitted. HaHa.  The rest of the time until school ends was spent learning cheers and saying them. Moo meow! I had to stay back for quite a while ro wait for CQ and Hann, whose group are dicussing/doing the costume for mascot. Yeah...wait till 5+ something, then we set off lor.  I dropped at Woodlands, and went to Metro to find Manda and Wendy. I caught Amanda just before leaving work (she was hanging back clothes). both of us went up to the linen (it was pronounced as li-nen. I always pronounce it as lie-nen.) department to look for Wendy, who is working in the afternoon shift.  We chatted for quite a bit, then me and Amanda went home. Moo meow!  Sigh... you say how. After visiting Metro, I have such a powerful urge to go work there. Sigh.... see la.... I dunnoe what decision to make you know. I don't think I am informing the principal le la. I just don't turn up for lessons lor.  Moo meow!  Sigh! I don't know I don't know I DON'T KNOW!! SIGH!!!!!  I gotta go le... See ya tomorrow. Night blog!
    


	 
      Heya...   Ya know (actually, you don't), I can't get to read the my blog pages. Every blog Im treid to access redirected me to Blogger's main page. Thankfully, it is not only me. All the Singnet Broadband users are affected. I sent a letter to the help people, they haven't replied yet....Sigh.   That problem is why I didn't blog yesterday. I don't feel like blogging la..... perfectionist me. Anyhoo, I decided to blog today. So yeah.   SUNDAY   Morning nothing much happened la. Ywah...only afternoon is exciting enough to worth mentioning.  In the afternoon, we went out to Chinatown. Mainly to buy Chinese New Year goodies. Family tradition. HaHa. Woah.. by the time we reached Chinatown (12.30), the carparks and all were so full man! We managed to find a parking space up the high levels of a carpark oppopsite People Park Centre. HaHa. (Oh yes, I saw a gay couple holding hands. Such a rare sight. Gay couples rarely hold hands in public one...hahaha!)  We walked all the way to Maxwell Food Centre to eat our lunch. So fun! We brought some appetizers, like rojak and popiah. I ate century eggs porridge, while the rest ate some claypot chicken rice (got big bowl for 3 cats). HaHa. Porridge was kinda hot...but nice. The claypot chicken's rice was nice too. HaHa!   After lunch, we went to walk around Chinatown lor. My parents looked at plants (they always buy plants for CNY one...and the fruits will end up dropping all over the corridor. HaHa!) and after that, we moved on to the main streets of Chinatown. Ogh boy...it sure was crowded. We stopped to buy peanuts from a 'famous' stall. There was even a Channel U guy filming as we brought peanuts. I wondered if he caught me tasting the melon seeds and peanuts and giving my comments (rather loudly) to my parents about them. HaHa!   Next, we went to Mei Zhen Xiang (forgot the English name le, so I used the pinyin name) to buy bakgua. My brother saw 3 Caucasians buying 5g of bagua. That's equivalent to 1 piece. HaHa. That costs 25 cents. I think they wanted to try how bakgua taste like. HaHa!!   Hm...after that nothing much happened le la. We went back home to rest lor. My parents went out to Sheng Shiong, while me and brother stayed at home to play the computer. We saw a bush fire (extinguished) along our way back. It's in Woodlands area (monday's TNP got report).  For dinner, we went to Thompson Road's Kampong Chicken stall to eat kampong chicken. HaHa. It was okay...unlike normal chicken. The skin is less oily (well, kampong chicken has less fat and cholestrol) and the meat is a bit tight. Overall, okay.   We then went to the nearby Thompson Plaza to buy new sport shoes for me. HaHa. I need a new pair of sport shoes to wear to JC. There's no designs there I like, so I didn't go there. I went to Causeway Point instead. I found a shoe I like in the sporting goods store on the second floor (near where the restuarant is...I forgot the name...). My mother also brought me a pair of sandals, because my is getting very worn out. Moo meow!  I came back, took a bath and went online. At 10+, we opened two bottles of sparkling juice (grape juice), because today is my brother's birthday. Happy birthday to you!! Moo meow meow!    MONDAY   Ayiah, I don't think I shall elaborate too much on getting to school, just that it takes 16 minutes to reach CCK station from my house by my father's taxi.  At the flag raising, I was kinda surprised. It was very automatic lor. Just stand around, and the anthem starts immediately one. Not like RSS, where the principal/v. principle/teachers-in-hcarge have to repeatedly call students to settle down). Woah!      After that, our group went for the school tour. We toured around the school  recongise the blocks and special rooms. After the tour, our clan (consisting of 5 groups) came together and learnt cheers. We even learnt a counter-cheer for another group. HaHa. Then, we went for a break. Lunch break right? Yeah... Ji and Hann was not there, so I sticked around with Ming Yao and his friends.   After that, we went up to the hall to learn how to dance to the song of "Let's Get Loud" by J Lo. HaHa. It's mass dance...and we have to partner a person of an opposite sex. HaHa. I got kinda messed up in most of my dance steps. Too fast for moi. HaHa!  After that, it is time for clans cheering, booing, and cheers/songs learning. Kinda boring at the songs learning, almost wanted to fall asleep le (sorry le, Jonathon. Jonathon led the song-singing ma...haha). We ended at 4. Woo! Half an hour earlier! HaHa!  I reached home at 5+, bathed, ate, watched TV. Bao Mei Li's segment is so funny! HAHA! I even got a nighmare on Sunday that she was cancelled in Comedy Nite! HaHa!   Sigh...I was very very vexed leh... I think more and more of working you know. On Sunday in Causeway Point, I was kinda shopping for work shoes. I became scared that I'll feel sad if my appeal is successful (ayiah...my family also needs the money. My broadband is 3 months overdue...). Yeah. The more I plan, the more excited I become about work....and the less happy I'll become with school. Wendy kinda correctly predicted that I lost all interest in schooling le. HaHa. I also don't want to go to orientation tomorrow. I, again, was not really accepted in my group, even though I didn't do anything. One guy said "I don't want to stand near Kelvin"....... Sigh... I lost all mood in Orientation because of this lor. Sigh... I am very vexed la!   I think I gotta go le lor...so see ya tomorrow. Night blog!
    


	 
      Heya! Saturday!  Today leh, I did nothing other than watching TV and aimlessly surfing the Net (and chat too). HaHa...Pretty boring yah. Sigh...I wanted to play The Sims de...but somehow, I didn't. Ergh....  Today sure was bad luck. I have severe diarrhea! Hurts so much! For the past 7 hours, I went to the toilet 6 times! That's roughly about once per hour. It's so like annoying.... and hurtful. The pain around the stomach. The number of times I have to rush to the toilet. Why, I could even make the toilet my permanent home. Ergh! What could have ignited this terrible fire? I think it's the fried carrot cake I ate this morning for breakfast.... How idiotic!  Today, the poor YJCians have to go for Orientation till 9pm. Poor things! They have to suffer so many hours of ultimate boredom. I pity them! (However, I do not pity a particular Ah Ji-insulting duck there. Serve you right, left and center!) I must find out what they did. HaHa!  I am now playing one the CDs I burnt at Wendy's house. HaHa. At Saturdays from 8-10, there's this program on Perfect 10, Club Beats. I don't like it, as they mainly play club music, and I don't like club music. Therefore, I played my CDs lor. It's now playing Bon Jovi's It's My Life. HaHa!  I think I end le la.... See ya tomorrow. Night blog!
    


	 
      Heya. Sorry for not blogging yesterday. I accidentally deleted the post, and is too pissed off to write. Yeah. So I am writing from Wed night onwards.   WEDNESDAY   HaHa. I listened the Top 100 Countdown straight. You see, there's this contest la. Send in your prediction for the top song, and you may win cash and CDs. I sent in 3 predictions: Dido's White Flag, Black Eyed Peas's Where Is The Love and Clay aiken's Invisible. HaHa. When it was counting down from number 5 onwards, the moment is so exciting and tense! Me, Mel, XC and HM were furiously discussing the songs. HaHa. Soon, number 1 and none of my predictions appeared yet. So nervous! HaHa....then, suddenly, Where's The Love got number 1! YAY!! I have a chance! Now, I started getting real nervous. HaHa. They anniounced the winner. It was a guy. Oh my god....hope! They announced the IC number. S--8(oh god!!)--7(oh my god!!  heart was really thumping!)--4..... WHAT?!!! Oh my god! I nearly won!! I nearly won!! HaHa....I still haven't got over the shock of nearly winning.  After that, I watched Charmed (Necromancing The Stone. Nice episode! I love the wiccanning at the end!). Then, I went out to play with my neighboutrs, counting down till 1st January 2004. HaHa. We played cards and firecrackers. We long timed never played le. I miss the good old days. Yeah. We are playing again this coming CNY's Eve. Wee!   THURSDAY   Okay, I came back and looked at the chat transcript. Boy,I was so damn pissed off at Benjamin. Firstly, he called CQ *toot*. Then,. he expressed his displeasure at me not coming back on time (apparently, they needed me to discuss soemthing) by saying things about me and used an ugly emoticon to depict me. I wasn't really that angry with him for that, but the fact is that he insulted CQ right before he insulted me made me real pissed off. No one, I repeat no one, insults/hurts CQ. I simply won't take it lying down. That fucker. I sent a really spiteful email to that scumbag (actually, not really that spiteful. I was very tired le. It was kinda mild lor...). He actually dared to deny these! Excuse me, even XC also saw lor. That r-a-t. Stinko rat. Nobody insults me and CQ and gets away with it. I made sure they don't. He thinks he's so clever and noble. Phooey! If he's that clever, he wouldn't have lost to me for 2 years. Scoring low pathetic marks. He dissed me for going to sub science too....hao lian. Think you go into Pure Science so good issit? (The teachers who let you go Pure Science is either stupid or pity you so much or like you (ha! pai ma pi jing!)) Even XC is more humble. He did not suan Sub Science and think he's so much better than us. Ha! Loser!  Okay. I went to sleep and woke up about 6 hours later. HaHa. The morning was not so bad la...it's my last morning as a free person, so gotta enjoy it much. I watched yesterday's Ben Yue. HaHa. I even have it taped, because I wanna listen to the countdown.  In the afternoon, I watched the VCD How To Lose A Guy In 10 Days.  The VCD had some cracks...so hyad to fast forward some scenes. HaHa. Overall, it's a good movie. Nice plot and all....HeHe. :D "Bullshit!"  At night, I came online lor.HaHa. Had this argument with Ben, and I didn't blog. Yeah....moo meow! I downloaded Dido's White Flag into my handphone. Ha.   THURSDAY   I woke up at 5.30. Woah! So bu xi guan....after many days of waking up late. HaHa. Hmm....took my father's cab to CCK MRT to meet my friends. Me, CQ, Hann, PeiYing,  Tina, LeYu, Kelvin, Johan and WeeKiat met there to go PJ together. We took a crowded 190 bus there.  Woah...there are so many students going to PJ. We Riverisidians were like such a small group. O.o!!! We were all in different Orientation groups. I am in Group 3....Woo!   We had to register ourselves and get the Subject Combi form. I was like quite annoyed. There were two particulars wrong. My religion is not Taoism. I want to strike it out and put "Wicca", but nahh....after all, you can incorporate Taosim into Wicca..... The next one is the most qi shu lin part! Due to me failing A-Maths, I have only two subjects combinations offered: Maths C, Chem/Phy and Econs. Stupid!! I detest Econs lor...I am appealing for Bio. I can't see why I can't take Bio lor. Stupid school.  Woah lao. The two hours of talk is so toturous, and boring! My legs were all numb, especially the right leg. It lost all feelings at the end of the two-hour talk...I can't barely even stand straight... how toturous. I only listened at the appeal part....that's the only thing that interest me and that I care about.  Groups 1-15 go down to break after the talk. Me, Hann and CQ were in these groups, so we met up la. Hann is also in the same predicatament as me. We decided that if our appeal turns out unsuccessful, we would rather quit school. I mean, we hate Econs and see no point in studying if we cna't get to study Bio. I decided to find a job, either at Metro, Shop and Save or Popular. HaHa. So fun! I was kinda secretly hoping to lose the appeal la....working seems so fun...but choy!  I wanna study also! Ha!  After that, it's ice breaker games. I found out that Ming Yao is in the same group as me! I totally can't recongize him lor. HeHe. He's so much more taller and slimer now. HaHa! Finally! I have somebody to talk to! HaHa!! We played ice breaker games, including the wacko. HaHa. They everytime call me one. Maybe Kelvin the name is too easy to remember ba! HaHa! We played games till12 lor...  After dismissal, I went to get an appeal form and appealed lor. I wrote a lot la. I forgot to write that I only lack 6 points to pass A-maths. However, I did suan Econs very badly lor ("I am sure PJC would prefer a student scoring well in Bio than a student scoring badly in Econs" and "I hate Econs from the get-go. I have totally no interest in it")  I expressed my great interest in Bio ("Bio is my life. It will be. It is so." corny, I know. But I am desperate!). HaHa!   We all go back lor. CQ went back. Hann and PY went to Sembawang, go back to school. I went to Causeway Point to look for Wendy. HaHa. Find her to talk la. I found her after few minutes of searching.   We went to eat lunch together. She eat something noodles, and I ate kuay chap. HaHa. We caught uip with each other lor. We can talk face to face...after all, these day we are talking through MSN chat. Not very personal. HaHa. We talk and talk and talk and continue talking while she work. HaHa. We made several trips up to the third floor linen department to get some stocks. (The escalator in Metro leading from the first floor to the second floor has a strong fried chicken smell. Wendy said it always has been there. Creepy wor! I think hor, the smell is there because a guy eating chicken slipped from the escalator and fell to his death...hahaha!! silly theory!).   I went home at 4+, because Wendy had to take stocks from the storeroom and be very busy.HaHa. Had a good time chatting with her. :)  Hmm...went home le, bathed and came online. Oh yes, Mrs Chew is not my brother's chem teacher. Damn!! I even slept for awhile. So sleepy. *Yawn*  Hmm...that's all lor.I think I end le la. See ya tomorrow. Night blog!
    


	 
      Heya meow moo!   Hmmm. Today morning was a bit rushed, because we have to go out by 11 to visit grandmother. Meow moo. We ate breakfast very fast, I even have to run here to time-record HZGG. How busy!!  At 11, Father came back and we went there lor. My parents want to bring my brother there to see her, in case there are no other chances. Meow moo. Woah! The carpark spaces during Sunday is abundant. Such a shocker. I thought on Sunday everybody is resting and would come to visit their relatives. When we went up, there were a lot of cats registering. Looks like they came by public transport instead. Heh. I was delgeted by some nurse to register for my whole family. O.O Meow meow. I noticed that their temperature sticker change color. I've got green, purple and white. I wonder what else do they have.  Anyway, we saw MaMa. Bak Liong and Yee Pak Pak were there too. MaMa refused to eat again...she is refusing to eat these few days. I think she is trying to avoid the amputation. She rejected to it in the first place ma, who would want to lose a leg? She's protesting, not eating, so the operation wouldn't go on. Either that, or she's tired of living (I know, harsh. That's the most diplomatic I can go...). That's what I analyzed anyway. Hmmm. Do you know that 5551 came out 3rd in 4D yesterday? MaMa's ward is 5A (51), in the 5th floor and is resting on bed 5. Some relatives brought and struck. Numbers associating from people's misfortune always strike. Meow!! Hmmmm. I found out that Yee Pak Pak knows a lot about the other patients and their visitors around MaMa. HaHa. MaMa only drank Milo lor. I found out (from a bit of peeking at files) that MaMa was fed glucerina as medicine. Sigh...she's not eating. How can that be good for her? Sigh.   We left at 1 and went towards AMK Ave 5. The big market-cum-hawker center is open! YAY!! I wanna see got my favorite black chicken rice and gu meen (mushroom soup, dong gu mian). Black chicken rice didn't open, but gu meen did! Gu meen is spendidly delicious (even though it was a tad too peppery). Meow mooo! The delicious dong gu is to die for! After that, we went to AMK Central to get my brothers some shoes.   I went home to bath and meow online, while the rest of the family went to buy new sporting equipment for my brother. They brought back chicken for dinner. After some meowing surfing, I ate my dinner and came back online lor.   Hmm. I think I go le la. I want to play FFX. Heh Heh. See ya tomorrow. Night blog!
    


	 
      Heya meow! Today's a meowing meow day.  Okay. Where do I start? Okie. I woek up at 8.30 and bathed, surpirsingly for 30 minutes, then came online. Hmmm..Mother came back with chee cheong fun, we ate, I watched TV and at 11, I went offline to prepare to go meet the cats to play basketball.   Hmm. There were me, HL, Gloria, CQ, WQ, PY, Joyce, HM, ThongZhen, Eugene and Jason. Meow moo meow. We waited around for XC, KS, CK and Janet to come lor. Okay, we didn't actually wait. We played first. Meow moo. They came later lor. We played and played. I was like kinda not very sporty, I ain't used to playing with TZ they all ma. Heh. We played till about 2+pm. I was terribly hungry. We walked towards Causeway Point to eat, and I could faint from the hunger.   The place was full. KFC, LJS....so idiotic! I want to eat something! They all want XC to pay, but XC is very unwilling lor, why force him. Want to go where, Seoul Garden ar. Stupid. We (Me, Ji, Gloria and HL) found ourself space in McDonalds...they say want to go Seoul Garden. I burst out lor. I am terribly hungry. All 4 of us want to stay at Mc, they say go Seoul Garden. We don't have the moolah! I shouted at CK lor...I am very extremely hungry. I just wanna eat. Can I even eat in peace? We then brought something to eat, the rest found spaces. Meow.   After that, the peeps went pooling. I initially didn't want to play, because I have no money. XC said he's treating, so why not. Yeah. HaHa. I feel like I am "qiao zha"ing him, but he was the one who suggested it first and he even asked me to play. So, ayiah, play lor. HaHa. I am in the same team as CQ, Janet and Joyce the "Jinx". We won all, but one, rounds. HAHA! Even ducks are jinxful. At 6, we went home lor.   Hmm. I ate chicken rice for dinner. Hmm.. I didn't do much of MNI essays homework this time, owing to the going outs and the release of O Levels results.  Yeah. I only managed to do Potions, and I am attempting DADA later. I think only these two la. Heh. I am a meowing cat.  Okie. I gotta go now. See ya tomorrow. Night blog! 
    


	 
      FUCK FUCK FUCK! MY BLOG! MY BLOG! Today is supposed to be a happy day. I written a hell lot of things! FUCK THAT IDIOTIC SITE WITH MUSIC! WHY DO PEOPLE PUT MUSIC? I FELT SO FED UP! ALL MY HAPPINESS IS GONE!  Anyway. Lets skip the morning and the whole hell of waiting crap and get onto the real results. I feel like crying. ALL MY TEXT! Fuck la. If I ever feel like it again, I'll come back and rewrite. I wanted to scold my friend real bad, but ergh. Don't want to do it. Besides, she got really poor grades. Don't wanna upset her.   Well, it was time for the people with 5As to be announced, No suprise here, I was on that list. Anyway, I was like dreaming, hoping for it yesterday night and today morning, but I always told myself I am a bit silly. Well, it looks like I am not silly aqnymore (ths line is supposed to be funny when I first typed this, but the effects this time is NOT right! I WANT TO CRY!). I was like very freaked out! Then, I found out that Ah Ji and Hann are also on that list! YAY! We were asked to stand up to let people appluad us. Oh meow.   Anyhoo, we were asked to go out for a photo shoot. What a meowingly meow meow photo shoot. How fun! YaY! I heard that people getting 5As and above are gonna come back during Speech Day to get a prize or something. Oh meow! My first Speech Day. Good what! Anyway, I received my results (with so many fucking kaypohs non-4/5 people crowding around...so irritating!). I got a major surprise. I passed A-Maths with B3! Woah! I was like praying for C6, and I got a B3 instead. Unbelievable (of course not. It already happened)! I will be posting my results below so you cats can take a look.  Okay. We decided to go out to celebrate. Go Pizza Hut and eat la. I don't want to talk about the milling about and deliberation....just that we arrived at Causeway Point at 5+. We ate until we were very full. Very. The rest went pooling. Me, WQ and XC didn't.     I took bus 911 to 883 to meet my mother. Meow moo meow! I walked back, took a bath, came online. Sigh. I am so sorry I sounded ultra-bitchy, but that's what I am feeling right now. I am feeling happy for my reesults la, but over this blog entry, nah. Stupid site music made this! IDIOT!  I gotta go. Watch my movie or something. Night blog.    RESULTS  EL - A2 MT - A2 Combined Humanities - A2 Biology - A2 Combined Science - A1 E-Maths - B3 A-Maths - B3
    


	 
      Hey hey! Moo meow moo!  Meow meow meow! Today is a real happening day. Yep Yep. Hmm..I went with Mother to 883, because she needs my help in carrying things (ie, tissue boxes). Hmm. I ate roti prata, Mother ate Mee Soto. Anyhoo, at Shop N Save, a Cold Storage supervisor came to inspect the cashier. She chose to inspect Lao Yao Guai's register, check the account and everything. HaHa. Anyhoo, we brought things.   We came back at 10.30, I went online for a while. Dad called and we went down to go to the hospital. We are going early because of parking space. Even so, it was 11.35 when we reached there and it was kind hard to find a parking space.   Hmm. After going through the registration and stuff, we met MaMa's (no, it doens't mean Mother. It means Grandma. My way of calling her) friends in the lobby. Dai Gu Ma and Yee Pak Pak joined us later. Hmm..We sat around till 12, when we went in to look at MaMa.   Hmm. She's looking pretty frail. She hasn't had her operation yet. The doctor's checking her blood, see whether it will be suitable or not. Her blood pressure is mild lor. Anyway, she refused to eat her lunch. I can see why. It smells horrible! The greens are mashed till very watery, the rice is very runny...very horrible smell. Anyway, she drank some Milo lor. It's kinda depressing, really.   Anyhoo, we and DGM are going to the Loyang first. They want to go there to pray for some 4D number. Yeah. We went to eat lunch first. DGM ate already, so all of us ate kueh chap. They were discussing about MaMa, her health, Dai Pak Pak and his stupidity (for calling DGM unfilial...long story, don't wanna say). Aynhoo, we went to the temple lor. We prayed for good luck, Mother brought some good-luick amulet, which I am not brining with me.   After that, Father drove me to the beach, which is very near Loyang. I found them. Okie. They were playing cards/games, then, they decided to rent bikes. The shop-owner very lame leh. Tell us lotsa lame jokes and riddles before letting us rent bikes. We rode around and around. We rested a bit. We went to play at the playground (had so much fun! :D), and even sat down to watch the sea. After that, I went alone to ride bike (and catch up with WQ, KS and Gloria, which I never did). It was a very cool expeience.Just riding and riding. I circled Pasir Ris Park twice. Heh Heh. I thought a lot of crazy thoughts....and I let myself go wild with the wind. Shuang! After giving back the bikes, we milled around, taking photos and playing games till 6+.  We then went to eat at White Sands' McDonalds. HaHa. XC copied nearly all of my contacts into his phone. Meow moo meow! I ate Chicken McNuggets Meal, XC too. I ordered for him ma. :P After that, we started on our journey home. XC and KS alighted at Yishun to find Hann, who is letting KS and XC stay over. Me, Gloria and KK walked home together.  Okay. Sorry if it all sounded very short and simplified. Tomorrow's the release of Os results. I am very very nervous (I am somewhat more calmed down then when I've started). What if I do badly? I don't even want to think. I just know that I am very very nervous. Very jing zhang. God. I can't wait for tomorrow, so I can meet my friends. Being with them makes me more calm and serene. When I'm alone, I tend to hu shi ruan xiang. Think wild thoughts. Stupid. I shouldn't think more. AHHHHHH!  Okay...calm down. I think I go liao la...see ya tomorrow. Night blog! 
    


	 
      Hey Hey! Meowing moo cats!  Hmm. Today morning I changed my routine. I went to the market with Mother today, so I woke up at 8. HaHa. I went there to eat mian fen guo, while Mother ate nasi something, forgot le la. Heh. After that, we brought 8 Days and I was reading while Mother went to Shop N Save.   HaHaHa! That mother go and chat with Yvonne Phua, and made Yvonne key in 61 quantity of some veggie. HAHAHA! The customer looked so shocked when $60+ came up in the register and Yvonne said "You la! Come and talk to me! I must go find Pek Chu!" and laughed. We laughed too. HAHA! Hmm...Mother walked around to check price while I was walking around and reading. At the end, Lao Ma Zi tried to make Mother buy coffee for her. HaHa. My mother refused. Meow meow meow! We returned home at 10.  Hmm. I went online, chatted with Professor Snapeluva, and went on MNI. I am getting so pek chek at the slow loading times. I found out that it was due to IE's functions. I am now thinking of upgrading to Mozilla Firefox. WQ said I should (Oh my my! Savage Garden's Truly Madly Deeply is playing on the radio?! I love the song!!). Hmm. Maybe I'll do it. See first. After chatting and fustrated refreshing, I went to play FFX.  Hmm. I played FFX until 3, when I went down to play bball with my friends,. I met Janet first and we saw KentKent at the court. Gloria and HL came soon after, followed by Chin Quan. Hmm...we played and played. We took a short break, I went up to fill CQ's water bottle and I took my water bottle down. Hmm...when I came down, some ducks occupied our court. So we let them play for awhile. We sat down and chatted. Janet's brother joined us and when the court's clear, we played lor. Play play play till 5.50+, when I have a huge stomachache and had to rush back home.  Meow meow. After clearing my bowels, I bathed and had to eat dinner. Meow moo meow! After that, I came online.  How meowful. Tomorrow we are going to visit my paternal grandmother, who had her leg amputated. It seems like it died or something. Yeah. After that, I am going to Pasir Ris beach to play with my friends. I think i will fully update you tomorrow, if I have the chance to come online, that is.   Well, I gotta get going. See ya tomorrow. Night blog!
    


	 
      Meow meow moo! Tuesday's a meowing day.  Okie. Today morning was boring, boring and BORING. Totally boring. I ate duck porridge for breakfast. Okay. I was so totally bored that I was meowing for attention. Apparently, when WQ came online, I was so estatic! Finally! A cat to talk to! My happiness fell short when he announced that he's gonna play games. Meow moo!! Luckily, at that time, Charms class started, and I kept myself busy. HaHa. I even got Prof Snapeluva's MSN add. Too bad she's working, we can't chat much.  Hmmm. At 2, I went on to play my FFX. Oh, it was kinda good. I managed to get LuLu learn the second level elemental magics (Fira, Thundara, etc) and oh boy! They consumed so much MPs. I need to use Fira to deal with the Orchu and my Mps have depleted a lot!! Luckily, I made it to the Save Sphere in time. How meowful. I need to level up more! How meowful!  Yes Yes. After playing, I came online, bathed, ate dinner and meow back online. I found out that Sundays (I did not sleep on Saturday...so Saturday does not apply) generally means success, which means that my dreams usually means success in my actions. How revealing! Yes!! Meowful too.  You know what? WQ called me "bo liao" for believing in dreams. He also told me to stop being so kaypoh. I felt so affronted! I felt so insulted! I believe that dreams reveal a lot about the person, and also a small premonition to the future. What would you have felt if I called your belief "rubbish"? Me being kaypoh is part of being KY. I CANNOT not be kaypoh! If you ask me not to be kaypoh, you are telling me "Don't be yourself. Be someone else instead". Yes! That's how serious it is! I hope WQ consider what is he gonna tell people in the future, because his words might unintenionally hurt people's feeling (and make them angry too). Meow!!  Alright. I am going off to watch my sitcoms. See ya tomorrow. Night blog!
    


	 
      Meow moo meow!  Okay. What should I start off with today? "I was almost woken up by my mother cleaning the floor, but I slept on and didn't wake up in the end?". Nah. I shall start with "Today is a meowing day." Better. I woke up at 8.30, bathed, came online, ate breakfast and went online some more. HaHa. I figured that I didn't do badly after all. My miscalculations. I got Os for Transfiguration, Potions (even named the ever first Student Of The Week! YAY!), History of Magic and one unknown subject (which I suspect is Divination). YaY!!   After that, I watched my recorded shows in Sat, namely Pokemon and 8 Simple Rules. Meow moo! The ending of 8 Simple Rules is so terribly funny! HAHAHAHAHA! Meow moo. Er hm.. I don't think most of you know what I am talking about, so meow.  Okie. I went on to play my FFX (and eat lunch). Woah! I have such a hard time on the route towards the beach. I got killed by the freaking sleep-inducing, fire breathing idiotic plant-like monster 4 times! 4 TIMES!!! I got so pek chek with walking all over again that I decided to use Tidus's Flee ability to flee every battle with that idiot plant. Well, I had a big boss battle with Sinspawn Gui. At first, I only wanted to test the waters, but as I fight and pummelled that idiotic monster, the more I wanted to stay on. Stayed on I did, and slained the monster I did, with little HP to go. Heh. How meowful! I felt very tired in the end. O.o!  After that, I went online till 6+, when I went to bath, ate dinner and came back online.    Hmmm. Ayiah. What I want to say again? I forgot le la...so much distractions! I think I end liao le. Oh yes oh yes! I always dream of very good dreams during Saturday night-Sunday morning. Very very good, and powerful too. Yes Yes. I must find out the influence of Saturdays have on cats dreaming. Meow moo meow!  Okay. See ya tonmorrow. Night blog!
    


	 
      Meow moo meow!! Today's Sunday!  Okay. Morning is meowing, meaning it's the same old same old. I ate laksa for breakfast. How meowful. I had a really nice dream yesterday. How mooful is that? Very! Quack Quack Quack.  After HZGG and lunch, I had plans to play my FFX. However, I was quite held up donwloading songs and replying to forums, so meow for me. HaHa. I finally got Sugababes' Too Lost In You from Kent Kent! After so many meows at downloading, I finally got it! Thanks Kent Kent. She gave me other mp3s too, all of them very nice! :)          Around 3, I switched off my computer to go play my FFX. Alas, my mother was busy with the taxes, so I laid on my mother's bed. Yeah. You should know the story. I fell asleep! Heh Heh. I slept and slept till 5, when I almost rolled down the bed. That meowing brother didn't wake me up!   Hmm..I watched a bit of Unbeatables, then reluctantly (and tiredly) went down to buy dinner. As usual, my brother ate the yu pian tang and I ate fried rice. Even ducks meow! After eating, watching TV and bathing, I came online.   MNI is kinda crazy today. When it can go fast, the pages load quick. When it goes slow (it does on a whim), it can go REALLY slow. Geez. Anyway, on the Mature Discussion (Politics/Philosophy) forum, there's a certain immature idiot running around. She's a young girl, a Christian Republican. I have never seen such a stupid, narrow-minded person such as herself. First of all, she, like over-zealous Xians, think that Christianity is the best religion all around, and bash people for not being Christian (she said to a wiccan: "you better rethink your life, your afterlife isn't gonna be pretty", which means the wiccan will rot in hell. Being a Wiccan, I was personally offended. I did not butt in, because that's not my place to). Secondly, she is the sterotypical Republican. She agrees with Bush, whatever he said, simply because she agrees with him. She sticks to the Bible, for which she believes that is the true word of God. Honestly! She reminds me of Bush, that fat idiot. Whenever someone agrees with her, she goes all happy. When someone disagrees and puts a well-said argument, she will whine about being attacked. Everyone has been telling her that, but she still goes on attacking all the same. Sigh. I wanted to contribute my two cents, but I'm afraid it would come out heated, and have galleosn docked off me. So nah. Let Cindel deal with her.  Oh well. I think I end this blog le. Meow meow meow, meow meow. See ya tomorrow. Night blog!
    


	 
      Hey Hey! Meow moo meow.  Okay. Today we went out celebrating Gloria's birthday (well, it is tomorrow, but we celebrate early all the same). Meow moo.   Okay. We met at 11 (of course me, HL and Gloria met earlier) with KS, WQ, CQ and PY. Hmm. At Woodlands hor, they said they wanted to go K Box to sing songs. We were like already decided to go Pasir Ris Beach, but they all sian too troublesome. Made me do all those work for nothing. Meow!  We have to wait for Joyce, so we went to play Pool. HaHa. WQ didn't play. We met SL there and she's joining us for K-Box later. We played some pool where my team won some. Hmm. Janet came by, and we stood around chatting. Joyce came, and we chatted some more lor.  It was like until 1 when we decided to move on. HaHa. We went to CCK's Lot 1. We decided to go eat lunch first. HaHa. I am buying Gloria's share, because she said she'll follow what I eat. We ate chicken rice, where I drank the big bowl of soup (she said she don't drink soup). I also owed CQ $2.50. HaHa.  After lunch, we went into K-Box to sing lor. Sing until 7pm ar. Janet and KentKent got join us for awhile. SL and the two of them left first lor. Hmm. There weren't much (okay, that's an understatement. It is very little) EL songs. There weren't ANY current ones...sigh! I have to sing the Chinese songs I know (most of them oldies, and the new ones are the SHE songs I often listened with CQ). I had fun singing them. My first song sang was Lian Ren Wei Man by SHE. I like that song a lot a lot. Hmm. WQ did not sing at all, even though he picked songs. Meow!! So shy for what? My singing sucks, but I still sang (although reluctantly at first, but I grew used to the mic). Meow moo meow. We went out at 7.  Oh my meowing god. The basic charge is $16, whcih I paid la. There's this +++, which means extra $5.80 lor. We were like kinda worried at first, because we thought we haven't have enough. Luckily, some of us brought a lot of moolah, so can pay first. Woah!! HaHa. Later, we went to Macs to slowly calculate. I have to pay CQ back. In the end, I owed him $6 (I paid him back some moolah). We aklso ate some ice-cream and then went back la.  I went to Metro to talk to Wendy. WQ accompany me, because he's meeting his parents there too. HaHa. As usual, me and Wendy talked la. Chatted and chatted. Her colleague, Ayu, knows me le. I come a lot of times when she's here ma. Heh Heh. I even "helped" her do her homework, which is somesort like a test on Wendy's saleperson's skills. Meow moo. I went home at 9 something.  Hmm, went home, bathed and went online. Oh my god...I did badly at one of my essays, I think it is DADA. Shit. I am so worried. My Straight Os record is tarnished!! Oh meow.  Oh yes, before I go: I feel so stupid! I am so stupid. I know....I shouldn't say that, but I feel so. Sigh... I think too much la. Hmph.  Okay. I managed to beat the time, by ending before 12am. Okay. See ya tomorrow. Night blog!
    


	 
      Hey Hey! Meow moo meow!  Meow moo meow! Hmmm. Today morning was nothing really special. I ate duck porridge for breakfast. HaHa. I came online for a while, then went to help my mother mop the floor. I realized that the kitchen floor gets so dirty easily. just now, Father asked if I mopped the floor. I went to look at the kitchen floor. OH MY GOD! There were dark patches here and there!!! I mopped of ALL dark patches! It is like not mopping like that leh. Ergh!  Anyway, I finished at 12, so I went to play FFX while eating my lunch. I only played a short segment, where Tidus, LuLu and Kimahri rescued Yuna from the Al Bheds. That took me about 40 minutes. I was running very late! HaHaHa.  At 1, when I was supposed to meet them, I wasn't even on the bus! They suddenly called and told me that they are meeting me on the MRT. Well, I finally did meet them, SL, Joyce and WQ. We took the train towards Boon Lay, going to Jurong Point.  HaHa. You can say that we spent a lot of time in there before buying Gloria's prezzie. HaHa. We walked and walked and look at a lot of cute stuff. We finally decided on our prezzie. Me, Joyce and SL paid for it. HeHe. I cannot reveal, because Gloria might be reading. After prezzie buying, we went to eat at KFC, walk around and went home.  HaHa. After bathing, I played FFX. I lost in my first BlitzBall tournament. HaHa. My brother says I am stupid. Well, I let him win for me lor. See if he can or not. I am also detecting a close relationship between Wakka and LuLu. O.o!!   Hmmm..after that I ate dinner and came online. I was greeted by a disturbing sign. WQ ar.... don't let these comments get to you, okay? I did not regret my decision in any bit. It was worth every single tries I went through. You are worth that. Don't let these comments affect you at all. Okay?   I end this le. See ya tomorrow. Night blog!
    


	 
      Meow moo moo! Hey Hey!  Morning was almost identical to yesterday. However, I was more stressed. Heh Heh. Majority of the classes have homework today! HaHa. Actually, yesterday, I completed my Transfgiuration homework. Today leh, I done Divination, Potions and History of Magic (which I have to trim to 3 paras...my wonderful essay!). Tomorrow I am doing COMC (which is to write a story. Coolies!) and DADA (which I am considering doing if I have time later).      Meow moo! WQ came online too. In the afternoon, I played my FFX. O.O! How meowful! Even ducks meow! Such a fun game! I stopped at the part when I am finding Auron.  After that, I went online. Then, I bathed at 6+, ate dinner and came online. Hmm. Later, the Group 2 results will reveal. This group is very sucky compared to the other group. Very lacking in star quality. Oh well.    I think I end le. Do my DADA homework. See ya tomorrow. Night blog!
    


	 
      Hey! Meow moo meow!  Okay. Hmm. Today morning was meowful, that is to say, boring. I got up, bathed and went down to buy 8 Days (must read every Wed). I went online (and read) while waiting for Mother to come back. She returned at 10 with chee cheong fun. After eating, it was more online surfing. Meow moo!  Okay. At 11 something, I switched off my Internet connection and went to play my PS2 games brought yesterday. I know. A shocker. Kelvin stopped online surfing for the afternoon? Meow! Heh.   Anyway, I played Sonic Heroes first. Well, it was a very very difficult game. Seriously.Haiz. After an hour of non-stop dying, I don't wanna play anymore. I hope WQ has better luck with it. Heh.   At 1, I started playing my FFX. Woah! Woah! I love the game! It's so addictive! The storyline's great so far! There are much more FMVs then before, which is good. I noticed the bosses have gone harder, but oh well. The new Sphere Gird system is cool, but I haven't start customizing yet. Meow moo moo! The characters are so great! Wakka and Tidus are cute and nice. Rikku and Yuna are cute too, not to mention beautiful. Auron and LuLu are cool. Right now, my favorite character so far is LuLu. She's looks very very cool, got a beautiful face and her personality is so damn mature. Of course, my favorites in RPGs being mages contribute to LuLu being my favorite. I even changed my desktop picture from ViVi to LuLu. Heh heh! :)  Hmm. After that was not much. I went online at 5, then went to bath and ate dinner at 6 (went out to eat fried rice). When I came back, I went online. HaHa. I was kinda distracted, because I was reading debates in the MNI forums. Just now, my computer even froze on me, but luckily, I only written two paras, so it didn't really matter when I rewrote this blog.   Meow moo! I think I end here le. See ya tomorrow! Night blog!
    


	 
      Hey Hey! Meow moo moo!!  Okay. Today's been a real busy day. Busy with a captial B. Yeah. Meow moo meow!   I woke up at 7, because we are going out to eat breakfast! Heh Heh. Yeah, my father picked us up at 8. Meowing moo.   We went to AMK to eat. I want to go back to AMK Ave 5's to eat, but it is STILL under rennovation. Sheesh. We then went to Central to eat lor. I ate the meatballs with century eggs porridge. It was a bit bland, but oh meow. My mother ate the cuttlefish porridge and Father the dried fishball noodles. Yeah.  Today, my Mother wanted to cook curry fish-head. However, all the markets doesn't seem to be carrying fish heads!! We tried the NTUC nearby, but it was to no avail. We were about to go back home. However, Mother tried one last attempt to buy fish heads. She suggested Takka Market at Little India. Why not? We set forth on our journey there.  I was so bored that I started SMSing WQ using my Mother's handphone. Sigh. When I asked what he was doing, he didn't reply. Then I lammented about his slow reply. After he still didn't reply, I SMSed him telling him that I didn't dare to call him in case I annoyed him further (and I probably did la). After a while, he smsed back with something like "Charging! Silent mode!" Oppsie. Sigh. I think I am very very possessive. When people don't reply me, I get very very paranoid and possessive. I think I am annoying. Heh.  Well, Takka Market was Block 665 (Incidentally, Wendy's block is the same number). We finally found a stall with fish heads. HaH. My mother as usual tried to bargain, but the stall owner was very put-off. He said "I don't have time to bargain with you! My fish is very fresh!" HAHAHA! So funnily stupid. My mother rolled her eyes (heh! so funny to see her do that!). After that, we also brought crabs. Meow moo! Anyway, on the way home, I was checking on the crabs to see if they are alive. I touched one on the underside, and my thumb has a speck of shit on it! AHHHHH!!! Stupid idiotic crabs! Meow moo meow!! I have to air the cab too. The fishy smell is terribly stinky.   We went back home. Hmm. WQ came online! Meow moo. He then asked me to go out to AMK Central with him to buy some PS2 toy. Hmm. Okay with me. I had to go eat my lunch first. Lunch was chicken rice at Admiralty Place. How meowful.  I met WQ at 1 something. I brought along 10 bucks. It was to be used for buying games. Hmm. WQ announced that he's going to Funan the IT Mall instead. Okay. Anyway, my parents were able to get FFX and FFX-2, so I can use my $10 to buy books. Anyway, we chatted a lot on the train. Remincised a lot too. Heh.   He went to buy the Eye Toy at Funan. It was this motion sensor thing that lets you play the games intoa totally new perspective. Thing something along the lines of Para Para. Yeah. I brought a Sabrina Special Edition,"Ten Little Witches" at a bookstore! Meow meow! After that, we decided to take 960 bus home. We walked all the way to the Esplanade. HaHa. We even went to the library@Esplanade. It was kinda cosy, but really nothing for me. As I said, we took the bus back.  On the bus, I read my blog. What a fantastic book! I love mystery thrillers! The ending is surprising too! WQ and I alighted at the stop after Marsiling MRT. He wants to go home, so I accompany him to his block and later take 911 back. I sent him off, and I walked towards Causeway Point. I didn't want to take bus after all.   I got a feeling to go find Wendy, so I went to find her lor. She was having her dinner break, but she accompanied me lor. We walked round and round Causeway Point, chatting. I even treated her a drink. Heh. It was great talking to her. It always is. I finally told her my dream I had on Sat (which I wanted to on Sunday, but she went offline while I was watching Moulin Rouge). Heh Heh. She told me lotsa things too. Meow moo. I went home at around 5.40, when her break ends.   Hmm. After bathing, I played a little FFX. Wee! It was kinda fun. The Battle System was kinda confusing at first because it was different from FF9's, but i adapted to it la. I am now at the first save point. Anyway, I ate my dinner, read my book and watched TV. Oh yes, I had a bit of chilli crab just now. Meow meow meow.  Oh well. WQ got his PS2. I don't think he will be online that often. I always hate it when he got games to play. He is always never online de. So hard to talk to him. ~pouts~  Okay. I end this blog le. See ya tomorrow. Night blog!
    


	 
      Hey Hey. Well. What did ya know. I decided to blog early again. Why? I don't know. Just wanna blog I guess.  Hmm. This morning, I woke up real early. We are going to the Yishun doctor (I am not seeing him. My mother is. I am only accompnaying). Father's fetching us at 8, so I gotta bath quick. I bathed and came online for awhile. Heh.   Yeah. Dad called at 8. I brought mah book, Witch Week, along to read. Yeah. We ate kueh chap for breakfast, then we went to the doctor lor. I sat in the car (air-conditioned. And yes, I did open the windows. I am not gonna CO myself to death) to read while waiting for Mother to be done with the doctor. Meow moo. Mother brought Mentos, so I was reading and eating and listening to the radio.   After the visit to the doctors, I went back while parents went to Sheng Shiong. There, I spent my time snapping up questions for DADA. Heh Heh. Wendy called and asked if she can come over. I was like "sure". However, soon after, Mother called and told me that Grandmother is in the Tan Tock Seng hospital and we have to go see her after they come back from Sheng Shiong. I tried to call Wendy, but she can't listen. I only managed to call her when she's in the lift up... So paiseh. Sorry leh Wendy (I know you said "it's okay" lotsa times, but yeah...).  Hmm. Finding a parking spot during visiting hour is a trouble, especially at the beginning of the visiting hours. Nobody's gonna come down to drive out. After several rounds of driving round and round, we found a spot. Meow! When we entered the lift lobby, our temperatures were taken and we were given a green sticker. Then, we have to go up to Level 1 to register ourselves (we have to bring our ICs).   After all that trouble, we went up to Level 5, Ward 5A. In the lobby were Dai Gu Ma, another auntie (forgot name le) and Felicia. Felicia came to visit Grandmother during her lunch break (she is working in the UOB bank, which is very near TTSH). It looks like Grandmum got diabetes and is unable to walk. Anyway, she was out having an x-ray done, so we were like waiting for ages. They talked about a lot of things, like how Grandmother don't want her house cleanse. She said to have seen a shadow of a female ghost. Everybody's asking her to clean the room, but she is having none of it. Oh well. Cleaning a room is very easy, by the way.   It was 1 and she's still not back yet. Felicia has to go back to work (lunch break's over. Poor thing. I don't think she has lunch yet), but she said she will be coming at night. Well, the nursing staff said we could visit her past visitng hours (because we were waiting for an hour for nothing). A short while later, she came back, but we aren't allowed to see her yet. The nurses are cleaning her, and I think, diluting her blood. Her blood became so thick that it won't run smoothly. It stretched for about 45 minutes. We had to go back (Mother's gotta work), so we went in to have a look at her lor. She was quite pale. Sigh. I hope she gets well soon.  Hmm. We went to AMK Central to have lunch, then came back lor. Father didn't want to work anymore, so he's cleaning the floor (we clean the floor every Mon and Fri). I wanna clean the kitchen later. Heh. Now I blog.   Hmm. When I was out, I was busy smsing Amanda, Wendy and WQ. Me and Amanda were chatting perfectly la. Somehow, WQ and Wendy stopped replying to my sms and din't even take my calls. I was like "oh shit". What if they ignored me because I sent too many SMSes and pissed them off? If they do that, I will be terribly lonely. I am just plain crazy today, so paranoid! It turns out that WQ didn't hear my calls and SMSes. Okay, phew. I think Wendy just wants to be alone (or is talking to another cat), so yeah. I stopped calling le lor. Meow moo.   Okay. I've been wanting to talk about beer ads for ages, but I forgot to mention them. See ar. These are misleading! There are a lot of beer ads that have pictures of successful men or brave men, with words like "you can be the same". THESE ARE TERRIBLY MISLEADING! How can you be successful if you drink beer? How can you be brave/strong if you drink beer? It doesn't make sense! The ads give people FALSE HOPES! Stupid right? I remember it was a Wedesday (the Wed when Dad collects his taxi), when we are eating breakfast. The posters were besides me. I got so terribly irked by the false messages that I commented about them throughout the whole breakfast. My parents, of course, did not say anything, because they were used to me doing that. BEER ADS ARE MISLEADING!   EDIT: Yesterday night I watched Moulin Rouge! OH MY GOD! It's such a wonderful show! It's romantic, it's touching, it feels so real! The love story of Christian and Satine, spoilt by the evil, unscruplous Duke! I felt so touched! Satine suffered a terrible fate! So sad! I wanna buy the VCD!! The soundtrack too! So many nice songs! Especially 'Roxanne' and 'Come What May'! Meow!!  Er hm. I think I end le la. It's my turn to mop the kitchen floor soon. See ya tomorrow. TaTa. 
    


	 
      MEOW MOO!!! MEOW MOO!!   Saturday - At The MAA   Yeah, as you guys know, WQ was late. However, I ain't no fool to wait for him all alone. I went up to find Wendy and chat with her. HaHa. We chatted till WQ came. Me and WQ then took the MRT towards Kallang MRT. How meowful. We listened to his discman on most of the journey.   Hm. We went to buy some drinks, then went to wait for bus 11 (I assure you, it is not a joke. There's really a bus 11. I thought WQ was joking when he said we are taking bus 11, which means we walk la. HaHa!), which didn't came for a long long time. Hmm... We finally arrived at Indoors Stadium at 3.  Woah! The queue is considerably short ma. We queued up at the "With Bags" queue (we shoulda queued up at the "No Bags" queue, they moved faster when going in). Hmm. WQ left to look for more drinks and food to buy.  What a surprise. I saw Sonia there. She was with Max. She was in the No Bags queue. So good! She informed me that MeiYing and WeiLin is at the Red Carpet. Woah!! HaHa. So many Riversidians there. Meow moo! Oh my...the wait was terrible though. It was like until 5 then they started letting people in. We were very bored waiting. I mainly eavesdropped on the group of people (the only male there is a CHC member, he was defending HYS) in front of us. Bo liao ma. I also eavesdropped on the people behind me too. Talk so loud. HaHa! Sonia came a few times to talk and borrow WQ's camera. HaHa!  By 5, we started to go in. It was as smooth as I wished. There were major stops here and there. It was around 5.45 when we finally went inside the gates for our bags to be checked. Meow moo. When we were admitted into the stadium, it was 6. Meow moo meow!   We were herded into the West section. Hmm.. it was not too crowded. We have space to move around. We got quite a good view la. The cameraman was the only one blocking our view. HaHa. Everybody was quite irrtated at him at one point and shouted at him to siam. Not me though. Heh.   In came my nightmare. 3 Vanness fans suddenly appeared! They started shouting for Vanness. I was like nearly deafened by them (coz one stood to my right). Meow moo. I really hates it whenever Vanness comes on stage, which is every so often because he's the host, because those girls will start screaming. Meow moo!  At 7+, the show started. HaHa! Vanness looked quite cute. His English is very accented though. I wonder who taught him. Michelle Branch was in a really revealing halter (she said in TNP interview that she had lotsa tapes). Of course, they changed costumes a lot of time, but Michelle always wore a halter. Meow moo.  Hmm. The awards show is not bad la! Quite enjoyable too. I really like the performances! Heh Heh! Of course, the favorite is Black Eyed Peas' finale performance of Where Is The Love and Shut Up. I also liked the performance by Simple Plan and Gareth Gates (with Siti Nurhaliza). Meow moo!   Lets talk about the awards. Hmm. Most of them I am quite okay la. I don't like the cats who won the Best Video and Favorite Female awards. For Best Vid, Linkin Park won, but I was hoping for Justin or Christina. For Favorite Female, it went to Christina. I was hoping either Beyonce, Dido or Michelle Branch to clinch that award. Hmm. Meow moo meow! Stephanie won Favorite Artiste Singapore! Go Steph! HaHa. She said it hoped it would be going to Tanya next year (poor Tanya the underdog). Meow moo! Sun Ho (such a stupid name. HYS is good enough) will never win de la! When her names come out, there are a few applauses and even boos. Heh!  After the MAA ended, me and WQ wanted to take taxis back home de. Idiotic taxis!! No taxis!! Lousy! We had to take the MRT and bus home lor. HaHa. MEOW MEOW MEOW MEOW!! After coming back home, I ate and drank supper (SO HUNGRY AND THRISTY!), then went to bath and then to sleep lor.    Sunday   Hmm. Today morning don't narrate la. Same old thing de. I shouldn't eat the carrot cake. Woah liao! I got diarrhea. Always get diarrhea when I eat that de. Hmmmp!!   OMG! I found out that ny Neofriend was one of the 3 crazy Vanness cats. She came online with the nick about Vanness rocks during MAA. I asked if she was in my sector. She said yes. HaHa! So qiao hor! Even ducks meow!!   Hmm. Later hor, I will be online, but won't be blogging. That's why I am blogging now la. Channel 5 and Channel 8 is so conflicting! At 7, 5 is showing Moulin Rouge. I wanna watch!! However, at the same time, 8 is showing Unbeatables! I wanna watch Zoe Tay fighting against the Tay Ping Hui!! How to watch like that!! So meowingly meow meow moo!! Never mind, swtich on two TVs and keep running to and fro between them.  Well. I think I end le la. I got lotsa things to do. See ya tomorrow! Bye bye! 
    


	 
      Hey Hey! Oppsie! I haven't blogged yet, and I am rushing late to meet WQ. Blog important.  Lets skip morning. Basically, it's the same la. I went to write my Transfiguration essay, which is to write a story about Metamorphmagus. I didn't plan to do it de, but this morning in the bath, a great story idea came into my head. I thought "Why not?" and then wrote a story. I think it is a well-written story. What grade would I get? O? HaHa. Meow moo.  Okay okay. Later, I am going to go to MAA with WQ! WEEE!! How meowful! I am so looking forward towards MAA! I'll come back with my experience there, so wait for me, okay? Meow moo meow!! (My fingers are flying all over the keyboard now...cannot slow slow type).   Update. Okay. Don't have to type so fast anymore. That idiotic WQ is waiting for his lunch to be cooked. Why didn't he use his brain and ask his grandmother to cook EARLIER? He said he was online. What a twit!   Meow meow meow!! Okay. I go liao la. See ya!! Bye bye! Oh yes, Happy Valentine's Day! 
    


	 
      I just wanna add to today's entry.   Hm. I enjoyed myself at pool today. HaHa. Me, CQ, Joyce, Gloria and HL played together. At first hor, I was quite clumsy. As time goes by, I got into the game quickly. HaHa! Me and HL was in a group together, the rest another. HaHa! In the end, our group won! We played 3 games total ma. We won once by skills and the other by default (they shoot the cue ball in after the black ball, which is not allowed). Heh! We enjoyed ourselves today. I then rushed back to watch Survivor.  I did not rush back for nothing. At first, I was afraid for Rupert being voted out, because the whole tribe seemed to dislike him or something. However, things changed dramatically. Jenna announced at the Immunity Challenge that she wanted out. Her cancer-stricken mother is in a very bad shape, and Jenna is really regretting her decision to come to All-Stars. She wants to be there by her mother. "I got a gut feeling my mother needs me, my father needs me, everyone needs me". She left the game. She did the right thing. Her mother died 8 days after she returned. She did the right thing man! This goes to show the strong bond (her gut feelings) between family members. My respect for Jenna went up several notches. Go Jenna! She's a true Survivor.   As you can se, I felt very touched, that's why I chose to write about this now. :)  Alright, I gotta get going. See ya tomorrow. Night blog!
    


	 
      Hey Hey! I am blogging this early because I am going out later. Most probably. Meow!               Okie. YaY!! Yesterday, Fantasia Barino and Diana Degarmo got into the finals!! WEEE! I expected Fantasia to win, but I didn't really expect Diana. She got a great voice nonetheless! Incidentally, the two of them were what all 3 judges predict could be in the finals! Woot! The next group is sucky though. I only like the Briana Ramirez-Rial. Meow moo!   Hmm. Today has almost been boring. The only interesting thing that happened is that I mopped the floor lor. I don't really like mopping the floor of the rooms and the hall. I can't really spot any difference. The kitchen however, is so dirty with all the stains (oil, food, this and that) that when you mopped, you can see the dirt being cleaned off. That gives me a lot of statisfaction. HaHa. Weird meow meow.   Hmm. I also spent the whole day planning and calling cats for the pool thing tonight. WQ got very annoyed at my constant calling. Sorry la. Even ducks meow. Hmmm. Meow moo! I must come back in time for Survivor. I hope Sabago wins this time! Hmm! Rupert's in danger! Meow moo!!  Okay. I end le la. See ya tomorrow (before I go to the MAA. WEE!!)! Bye bye!
    


	 
      Heya meow moo!!  Hmm. Today I woke up as usual and meowed at the bath. Hmm. I ate breakfast and went online lor. HaHa. I am killing time till 11+. This time, I have to wear a belt. The pants keep slipping down. Meow!! The ducks moo!  Hmm. I met Gloria and we walked towards Admiralty MRT to meet up with HuiLing. We then went to Woodlands, where we met WQ and KS at Long John Silver. We ate lunch lor. LJS, as usual, tried to cheat me, but I am not stupid. Meow moo!! After eating, I went to return Wendy money. She don't need mah help anymore. Meow moo! After that, we met CQ, Hann and ChinKang at Woodlands. We went to NYP (and Shin Han met us on the way).   Hmm. NYP was meowful. We gotta register and all. Even the cats meows! Hmm. We only attended two talks, on Life Sciences and IT. Meow moo. They then went to eat, walk around and went to enjoy themselves elsewhere. HaHa. That's all lor.  We first went to the Grassroot (Chao Gen) Country Club to play bowling, but it was full, so we went to AMK Central instead. Gossip Gossip Gossip. Meow moo! HaHa. We tried going to the Cathay Bowling somehwhere in AMKI Cnetral, but it was shut down for business a month ago. Meow!! We then went to MacDonalds to chat and gossip more. I ate the Ice Cream Cone. After talking and talking, we went home lor.  Meow moo! I reached home at 6.30, bathed and then ate while watching TV. I came online lor. HaHa. Today, TaTa Young and Blue is coming to Perfect 10! TaTa is now right now, meow moo! Her voice is cute and young. HaHa. Now, we are awaiting for Blue. How meowing moo! WQ is listening too.   Meow moo! I think I end le. See ya tomorrow. Night blog!
    


	 
      Heya! Wednesday meows at the duck!!  Hm. Today, after waking up and bathing, I went down to buy 8 Days mag. HaHa. It did a feature of Glenn and Jamie together. Woah. HaHa. When I see Glenn hor, it reminds me of someone. HaHa. Whatever. Mother brought brakfast back, and after eating, I went online lor.  At 10+, I went down to Metro to take money from her to help her buy gifts. HaHa. I see the weather being almost raining, I hurriedly made my way down lor. HaHa. In the end, I stayed for an hour to chat with Wendy. HaHa. Chat Chat Chat.  I arrived home at 12+. After lunch, I went to play my game, then came online and went to watch TV/bath/eat.   Sigh. After all these are done, I came online again. A lot a lot of things happened. I don't wanna disclose, but after all these, I felt that life sucks. Within a short span on 2 hours, I experienced anger, fustration, annoyance, stupidity and guilt. I feel that life sucks after what happened. LIFE SUCKS.  Wanna know what I am doing now? I am singing songs out loud. Freak. Gotta go. See ya tomorrow. Night blog. 
    


	 
      Meow moo meow!!  Today morning can be summed up in a word: maddening. Really! Okay...I met WQ at 9.30 la. I don't have to elaborate on that too much. The stupid thing started when we went to YJ to get done with the withdrawal process. The trouble is with the stupid process itself. WQ has to go find his teachers to meow (okay okay, SIGN) on the withdrawal form. We had toruble locating some teachers. We met Janet and Gloria on his quest to get signatures. Sigh. I was so totally complaining (yeah, I was bitchy. Sorry WQ....but I was terribly irrtated). We met a girl la, who is also quitting. Fine. They went searching together lor. In the end, they have to meet the vice principal's signature. I waited outside the office and saw HuiLing and Julia. Oh yes, I was reading my Book 5 Clues book, so meow. In the end hor, the v.p. refused to sign, saying that they lost too many pupils (HAHA! Huo gai!). Both of them then handed in their withdrawal form, and left the school. The office called them to come back, but they heck care and just walked off. HaHa! Steady sia! Anyhoo, that's what I have been telling WQ to do. Just pon. Why bother going through all these idiotic processes? Wastage of time. In the end, he ended up taking my advice. Sigh! Seee, don't listen to me some more la.   After that, me and WQ shared a meal together in KFC. HaHa. Eat and eat and eat chickens. Meow moo!!   Hm, after that we took 855 towards Lornie Road. HaHa. I didn't really know where to get down, I only know that it is after Macritchie. Yeah....we got off at the right stop la. Meow moo. The way to Mediacorp Studios wasn't as long as I thought it would be. Quite short actually. Meow moo! I collected my tiks!! YAY!!! Hmm...have to be there latest 5.30. We have to be there earlier!! EARLIER!! Or else no place to stand le!! Meow!!   After getting the tiks, we took the bus 852 to Khatib MRT. Meow. We then took the MRT towards Woodlands lor. WQ went to tighten his watch while I went to visit Wendy and show her the tiks. Meow moo!! After that, we went back.   Hmm...I went to bath, then went online la. Oh oh! Thursday must do something for Wendy. Cannot tell. Secret. After that, we ate dinner la. I came online, then went to watch shows and came back.  AHHHHHHH! AGGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH! I CAN'T STAND IT ANYMORE! Stupid static!!!!! I ADJUSTED THAT STUPID ANTENNA LOADS AND LOADS AND LOADS AND LOADS OF TIMES! AND WHAT? THE STATIC IS DRIVING ME NUTS! THE STATIC IS OVERRIDING MY MUSIC!!! I HAD ENOUGH!!!! I AM SWEATY, MY RADIO IS STATICKY, I AM TERRIBLY IRRITATED! WHAT FUCKING RADIO IS THIS IF I CAN'T EVEN HEAR MUSIC PROPERLY! I WANT TO SMASH IT INTO MILLIONS AND MILLIONS OF PIECES! (Of course, I would then have no radio to listen to) AHHHHHHHHHH!!! AHHHHHHHH!!!!!! AHHHHHHHHHH!  Ok. See ya tomorrow. Night blog!
    


	 
      Meow moo!! Monday rocks your socks!  Hmm. The Grammys!! Heh Heh! Yes, I did come out of the bathroom with plenty of time to catch the Grammys. HaHa. It was a great show (although I fell asleep at some point of time for a short while). They said Beyonce won 5 awards (YAY!! Way to go, Beyonce!), but I only saw one!! (I only fell alsleep for a very short segment!) How could it be possible?!! Very very strange! Evanescence won New Artistes and another award. YaY!! Even ducks meow at the Grammys! Hmm... I loved Justin's performance (of Senorita) and Beyonce's (performed Dangerously In Love)! Meow meow!!  Hmm... after the Grammys it was almost boring. I went online and played games lor. Oh yes yes. I vomitted out a large piece of cuttlefish. HaHa. I didn't chew it up properly and it got stuck in my oesophagus. I have to vomit it out. Meow moo!! Also, Wendy invited me over to play MahJong! Alas! How I wish I can join her! I can't, due to dinner obligations. Sigh!!  I went to back, ate dinner and came online. HaHa. Ayioh meow!! Okay. I stop here le la. See ya tomorrow. Night blog!
    


	 
      Hey Hey! Sun-meow-day!!  Hmm. Today's morning is a typical Sunday lor. Woke up early, bathed, ate breakfast and watched TV till 1. Of course, I went online at 11 to meow at XC.   Hmm. In the afternoon, I went to play bball with so many cats (Huiling and her two sisters, Gloria, KimSeng, CQ, Joyce and PY). We met at Marsiling, and proceeded to Woodlands Indoor Stadium to rent courts lor. We rented a court for 2 hours, 3-5.  We played and played. At 4, WQ called and said he's coming down. YaY! Okay, I then helped HL, Gloria and Ji write their excuse letter from school on Friday (they went to SP). I spent a good 15 minutes writing. HaHa. After that, it was more badminton playing till 5.  At 5, WQ invited us to his house (Woah!! First time wor!! Haha! He never invites us to his house de!) to eat some dinner. I don't know why la, I think his parents cooked extra and need people to finish it. While waiting for dinner, we played BlackJack. HaHa. We played with money, 10 cents 20 cents only la. I think I lost in the end ar. HaHa. I only won once. That Joyce is really so lucky...such a good dealer. HaHa!   After the gambling, we ate dinner at 6. Actually, me and Gloria are the only ones who really ate. We ate one bowl of rice (the others shared) each and the veggies. I even ate another bowl. Heh heh. Like that, I don't have to waste money buying dinner le ma. HaHa. We talked about a lot of things, until WQ's grandmum chased us off (indriectly). Meow moo!  After that, me, CQ, Gloria and KS went to MacDonalds while the rest went home. KS and CQ brought food and we continued talking lor. We talked until about 7.30, where I brought the MacWings meal back for my brother.  HaHa. While walking back from Gloria's house, I held my racket in my other hand. I always feel very unsafe when carrying food without a protection (like umbrella or racket or long thingy that can beat the crap out of a potential thief). I always fear people would snatch my food away (crazy despos will). Besides, there are always gangsters in that area lurking about. So scary.   I came back at 8. I have to bribe my brother ($2) to tell my mother that I came back at 6. My mother will scold me like shit if she knew I came home at 8(and left my brother starving for his dinner). Meow moo!! I then went to bath, and came online lor.    I never seen Wendy come online for so long. HaHa. I knew she must be busy playing with her PS2. Woah! FFX ba. Meow moo! She's having so much fun with her PS2. Meow meow!! Oei, Wendy ar, if you are seeing this, come online once in a while leh. So long never talk to you le!! Meow moo meow!! (Duhz...if she reads this, she's already online. Meow!!)  Okay. I think I end le liao. See ya tomorrow (Grammys tomorrow! WEEE!!)! Bye bye!!Night blog!
    


	 
      Hey hey! "Could you look me in the eye and tell me that you are happy now, ooh ooh ooh ooh" I am listening to Michelle Branch's CD (Hotel Paper) on my radio. HAHA!Groove to the music!  Oh yes, before I talk about today, I wanna share my views with yesterday's Survivor. Rudy was voted off (I thought Ethan). Poor thing. Everyone were stuck with a choice (not Rupert, he didn't vote off his ally). Either Rudy goes, or Ethan goes. Rudy, even though he was liked by everyone, was weak and frail, setting the team back in challenges. Ethan, even though everyone wanted him to get out because he won before, is strong and useful in challenges. I guess the team's survival is more crucial at this point of time. Oh well....a pity.  It's a brand new Saturday! So meowingly meowful. Okay...got up at the same time, and this time, I only bathed for 30 minutes. Tomorrow too. I gotta rush to watch Digimon. Meow moo. After some online surfing, I went to watch TV and eat breakfast (chee cheong fun).   At 11, I came online again. I chatted with XC, WQ (for a brief period of time), then ate lunch. After that, I went to play my PT. I played that until 4, then continued surfing till time to bath (6).  After bathing, it was eating dinner while watching TV. Heh Heh. After the Simpsons, I came back just in time to listen to Rick Dees' Number 1 song. It's Hey Ya by Outkast (for 8 weeks). "Hey ya....hey ya....hey ya!"  Well, today seems kinda boring. Wendy reminded me that I owed her $13.50 for the Internet service. Oh well. I wonder how I am going to pay her back, when I don't have moolah right now (I am not going to school, Mother stopped giving me my allowances. Damn...). Meow! Find a way!! Yes, WQ owes me money. YES YES! KS owes me money! I have enough (plus some ltitle bit from me) to repay Wendy le. Meow!!!  Hmm... I gotta go le la. What an early blog, you say. Oh well. How meowful! See ya tomorrow! Night blog!
    


	 
      Oh my Friday meowing day!  Hmmm..I woke up at the usual time (8.30), then went to bath while Mom went to buy breakfast. Oh my meow! I spent a record time of an hour in the bathroom! Oooo! I was thinking...and thinking....and thinking...and just letting the water flow all over me. Heh heh.   Anyhoo, I went surfing then ate breakfast when Mother came back. After breakfast, I was assigned to clean the floors of our wonderful home. HaHa. So tiring! I hate using the vacuum cleaner, so troublesome de. I prefer moping the floor, so I let my mother vacuum, while I mop. Heh. Meow moo!  Hmmm. After that, I went online, surfed the Net then ate lunch (instant noodles). As sudden as a flying cat, CQ and WQ called to invite me to play bowling with them. It didn't take me long to hesistate. I left my handphone home, so my Mother can take it to Causeway Point's Nokia Care Centre to service it (the vibrations were spoilt).  Oh my meow. I came earlier (as usual). For the entire time waiting for WQ, I was so worried. I didn't bring my phone with me. I can't contact him to know where he is, and vice versa. I became real panicky. I have a whole new appreciation for my mobile phone. I can't do without it! Meow moo! I even have to spend 40 cents (the first twenty went into a spoilt phone in which WQ couldn't hear my voice) to call WQ. Meowing moo. We took the 960 bus towards Bukit Panjang.  We met CQ, Gloria and HuiLing at Superbowl (they went to see SP Open House together). We played three games in total. Today, my bowling skills downgraded to the point of being sucky. Most of my balls end up in the gutter. Xi long guo! HaHa! So lousy!! Everyone else played a good game. Good job people!   We came out at 4.50+, it was drizzzling. We took 960 back, with CQ and WQ dropping off at Marsiling. Me and Gloria went home by the 913 bus, as usual.   Hmmm..I came back, bathed, ate dinner and came online Oh meow! Even Survivor is meowing later! Meow moo!!!  I think I ened le. See ya tomorrow. Night blog!
    


	 
      Hey Hey! Today was such a meowingly meow meow day.  Okay. Today leh, we went to NP and SP. Okay okay. I woke up at 6.30 (becuase I take 30 mins to bath). After that, I called everyone to make sure they are up. I ate my breakfast then went out to meet my friends. Oh yes, I got a feeling WQ will bring a small bag, not big enough to contain my Sims CDs. HaHa. Surprise surprise. I met Wendy on the bus to Woodlands. So "suey". :D  Hmmm....Me and Wendy were the first to arrive. WQ then arrived, followed shortly by Eugene and Yean Seng. Oh my...they are here! ...! Amanda was kinda late (hey, I even mistook a lady for Amanda. I call her "oei!" So embarrassing!!). We went to MacDonalds to eat first (Me, WQ, Amanda and Wendy...the two went to Yishun) while waiting for Cherie and ShinHan. SH joined us in Mac, and after finishing breakfast, we went to the MRT. We took the JE-bound train and changed trains to get to Clementi, a stop away. We have to wait for the two boys, who lagged behind.  HaHa. We took a bus to Ngee Ann. Heh Heh. Hmm, soon we spilt up lor. I went with Amanda, Wendy and Cherie, while the rest of the boys stayed in their own group. We were like kinda lost, but we found our way to the Main Hall. The boys went to Engineering, while we went to the Media, Sciences, Early Childhood and Business. I like the Business lecturer. So cool! :D I like the school, kinda. Meow moo!  After that, we went to the Atrium. We brought some rice to eat, while the boys went to tour the CCA booths. We finished eating then we went to the busstop, where they came just in time to catch the shuttle bus. Oh! Tsz Hin was with them! We took the bus to Clementi Interchange, where we took 147 towards Dover MRT, interlinked to Singapore Poly.   SP was also confusing. We got lost again. Oh my meow! Moo Meow! After some long long walking, we finally found our way to the Concourse. Wendy and Amanda went to the courses they wanted. After touring, we went down to the canteen to meet the boys. After some time, we started on our way home.  Cherie and Amanda are going to Bugis, while the rest of us are going towards Woodlands. Me, Wendy and WQ are going to Wendy's house to play MahJong. :D We arrived at her house at around 2 something. HeHe. First, it was we three and Auntie playing MahJong. Can I mention again that I like playing MahJong with Auntie? I always enjoy myself! So fun one! We played till KL came, who took over Auntie and played till 6 something. HaHa. Such a fun game. Me and WQ left for home first. Moo meow!   I arrived back home at 6 something, bathed, ate dinner while watching TV and came online. Aspiring Author replied! She thanked me for my reply and says her friend agreed with her. Heh. Hmm..YAY! WQ is quitting YJ! YAY!!! A meowing cat to talk to all the time! A duck to identify with! YAY!!! I am so happy for him! He can be free, free from the pathetic excuse they call a school! Meow meow meow meow!!  Okay. I already decided who I am going to take to the MTV Asia Awards. Oh yes! It's...Koo Wen Qiang! Meow! :)  Okay. I am kinda late for my AI. See ya tomorrow. Night blog!
    


	 
      Heya! Meowing moo meow!! Wednesday conquers all!  Okie. Today I woke up at 8.30, bathed and went to 883 with my parents. I got this feeling that today is the last time Dad is going to 883 with me and Mother. Meow moo! Hmm...I ate duck porridge. I brought 8 Days and Lime (Wendy recommends the Poly section. Might as well check it out). As usual, I read 8 Days while walking around la. We met my grandmother. Meowing moo! We came back at 10.30.  When I logged into MuggleNet Interactive, there's a new message for me. It looks like I has just gotten my first piece of assignment. I signed up as a beta reader for aspiring authors, and one of them owled me her story.   Well, it seems like we haven't gotten off to a good start. The story, basically, sucks. Grammar errors were abundant! She claimed to have spell-checked her work, but what she doesn't know is that the computer spell-checker wouldn't catch offending words like "hare" (she means hair) and "new" (knew). I think Mr Tsung will vomit blood all over his desk after reading the original story. Yes, it was that bad. If you say the grammar is the worst, wait till you read the plot. Hermione tuned punk and vain to the point of ugliness, Draco fell in love with Hermione, and the worst is that Harry and Herimone had sex while Hermione was consoling Harry about Sirus's death. Harry even greeted Hermione by kissing her on the cheek. Oh my god...such deformation of our beloved characters. This story is a disaster!  Of course, in my reply, I didn't tell her that. Although I felt like doing a Simon Cowell on her, I gently pointed her to her mistakes. I showed her where she went wrong and how she could improve. I even said "I look forward to reading your work again". HaHa! Okay, I don't really look forward to that, but I do look forward to reading her reply. How meowful!   Okay...I ate nasi lemak for lunch, chatted with XC, then went to play my game. Oh my. It looks like my father got his taxi back today. Ooooo! My feeling was right! :D How meowful.   Hmm...bascially, after that, was more Internet surfing, bathing and eating dinner. Oh my meow. It looks like WQ is joining me, Amanda and Wendy to visit NP and SP for their Open Houses tomorrow. How mooing.   Okay. i end le. See ya tomorrow. Night blog!
    


	 
      Hey HEY HEY!!!!  OH MY GOD! i WON TWO TICKETS TO MTV ASIA AWARDS!!! I CALLED THROUGH!!!! WOO-HOO!!!!! Okay okay. Calm down, KY. It all happened during all Request Live (Jean's show). Alright. I was playing my game as usual when Jean announced that a pair of tickets was to be won. I decided to try my luck, ya know. I called and called...about 5-6 times. Then, I finally dialled through. Oh my.... Should I hang up? I decided to call through...  "Hello! Perfect 10! This is Jean here! Congratulations! Can you leave me your particulars?" OH MY GOD!!!!!!  After giving her my particulars, she asked "Can you sing us a song?"  "Perfect by Simple Plan?"I rehearsed a lot a lot of times, but today, I just cna't seem to sing it right! "Oh god...I am too nervous"  "Don't worry...breathe in....You want to try another song? Michelle Branch, Liberty X, Black Eyed Pea..."  "I think I wanna sing Michelle Branch's Are You Happy Now. Er... Could you look me in the eye, and tell me that you are happy now, woah woah woah...." My song sucks...I was shaking all over.  "Great! You need to be louder, okay? You are too soft! Alright, wait a while.... (Say something about the previous song) Alright! We have our lucky 10th caller! Hello Kelvin!"  "Heya!"  "How are you now?"  "Oh...I am a bit sick, down with a minor fever, but I am quite alright, I guess." Why am I reporting my sickness?  "Are you ready to sing us a song, Kelvin?"  "Sure...I am singing Michelle Branch's Are You Happy Now. Er... (breathe in) Could you look me in the eye, and tell me you are happy now, woah woah woah... Heh. It kinda lousy, my pitching is very lousy" I was so so so nervous!  "You did well! You got the tone and words, well done! You won yourself a pair of tickets to the MAA! Who would you like to dedicate this next song to?"  "Er...Manda, Wendy, WQ...I am too nervous to remember my friends name (laughter from Jean)...Those of you tuning in right now, you know who you are!" Oh my...I am quite blushing.   "Alright, enjoy this next song from (forgot le)... Kelvin! Congrats! You can pick up your tickets at the Mediacorp TV reception. Please bring along your IC, yeah? (some okays from me). Bye bye!!"  OH MY GOD! After days of calling and trying, I finally got through!!! I WON THE TICKETS!!! I jumped around and around!! I am so happy! I called Wendy, who shared the excitement with me. After that, I called WQ! He was so happy! He wanted to go to the MAA. Hmmm.... This begins a exciting audition process. I am offering my ticket to Wendy, Amanda, Arman, Hann and WQ. O.O  I continued playinig my game, but of course, I quit soon after because I am too happy to kill little creatures. Heh Heh. Hmm....I began to devise my audition process. Amanda quit because she got work on Sat night (such a pity...). There's the elimination round, the semi-finals and the finals. The elimination round is basically  those who has a significant other cannot go due to committments with their partner (MAA is on Valentine Day). The semi-finals consists of several questions set by yours truly, which will determine who goes into the finals. The procedures finals has not been decided yet though. Right now, only WQ got into the finals. Right now, there are three places in the finals (including WQ). If anyone quits, I am gonna limit the finals to two (because the rest will get in by default). Complicated process, I know. Oh meow! I am gonna have fun auditioning.   Oh meow. Now, what do I have to say? Ehh...my fever's gone? HaHa. Actually, I don't know what to say le. I am still overwhelmed by my lucky win! Meow moo!!  I think I am going off le la...Heh Heh. See ya tomorrow. Night blog!
    


	 
      Heya! Meow moo! I am very tired now, for I'm down wth the fever. Meow.  Hmm. Today we were supposed go bowling, me, Joyce, CQ and WQ. That Joyce suddenly cancelled, saying that she's the only girl. CQ cancelled after that, and WQ has no mood to go bowling. I was so mad...my happiness was being deprived. MEOW!   Sigh! I then watched my Cardcaptor Sakura movie, the Chingay Parade and my taped Sat's shows. Meow. After that, I went online lor. Play games, surfed the Net. At 5, I took a short afternoon nap. When I woke up, I felt really weak and hot. When I took my temperautre, my body temperature measured 37.9 degrees. Oh my meow....I am wearing a jacket now because when I am feverish, I feel very cold when coming into contact with fans. Meow.   Hmm... I am very troubled. I put on more weight! OH MY GOD! I LOOK SO FAT! I visited a website on fet reducing. Horrors of horrors! I gotta eat right, do regular aerobic exercises... Oh my god....I want to go for liposuction! MEOW!!  Okay, I think I end le... Nothing to write le. See ya tomorrow. Night blog!
    


	 
      Heya! Sorry for not blogging yesterday, but I was unavailable for comment. Heh Heh. I gotta rush this blog though, because I wanna watch Spy Kids at 10.   SATURDAY   Heya! Well, let's skip the morning, as nothing really interesting happened. Oh yes...the plan failed. Not really. She didn't put the leaves. Darn. Heh. Okay. I played my game until WQ smsed. He basically said that he's alone at Orchard now, and would like me to go down there to see the Chingay Parade with him. After much thinking, I agreed lor. So, I wolfed down my dinner and rushed out to meet him.  Hm. Hann and Ke Yun is coming also, but they are meeting us later. I accompanied WQ to eat, then we went out to find a spot. HaHa. It was getting crowded, but we got a nice view, up a parapet, between Taka and Wisma. Heh Heh. Soon, Hann and KY came. They went to look for seats at the performing area (we are the area where the contingents just walk past without performing. the performance area needs tickets to get in), but there are no seats. After standing around, we decide to scout for a better place to watch the performance (and I think people on the parapet were so happy because we left. Heh).   Okay. Lets try to make things short. We finally found a place at Performance Sector 4. After so many searching, climbing on fences and using lamposts and trees as support (and being chased down by the idioitc police...grr!) and walking to find places, we found some space at the road in front of the stands in Sector 4. YH said "nobody said we cannot sit there, so why not?".   HaHa! We got such a clear view of everything because the performers were very close to us. However, when we arrived, the parade just started (and it ended in Sector 1. Heh Heh). The first contigent was the Opening Parade. OMG! Got lotsa stars there! Cynthia Koh, Jacelyn Tay, The President, Terrence Cao. The biggest attraction is Jackie Chan! WE SAW JACKIE CHAN!!! OMG! All of us waved at him like mad sia! HAHA!   I don't have time to list every parade (and my memory is not that good anyway), so I will just describe my favorites. RSS participated!! When we saw a banner being proudly carried out by our RSS boys, four of us started cheering madly. HaHa! The Chinese and Modern Dance particiapted in this dance segment. YH was trying to attract their attention and make them laugh. Heh Heh! After that, got the Japanese contigent, the Sakura one. They spew out lotsa sakura (fake ones of course). HaHa! The last one which I throughly enjoyed is the American International School's performance. They grooved to Me Against The Music. Coolies! I love that song, and the performance too! Meow!  The last contigent arrived and we followed it till Dhoby Ghuat. We then took the MRT back. I accompanied WQ to eat at BK lor. My feelings? I really enjoyed myself lor. I felt very very happy, something which I didn't feel for so long. :D After reaching home, I ate a chicken bun, bathed and went to sleep.    TODAY   Heya. Okay. Today, in the morning, Mother cooked laksa for lunch! YAY! So yummy! I encouraged her to do it AGAIN! Heh Heh.  In the afternoon, me, Ji, Ji's brother, Joyce, KimSeng and Gloria  went to play badminton. Originally, we planned to play in the badminon court, but all the courts are fully booked. After walking for ages, we finally found somewhere in Marsiling. We played and played until 6. They went to the MacDonalds nearby to drink and talk. We went off at 7. I reached home at 7.30, bathed and ate my dinner.  ayiah. So rushing. HaHa. See ya tomorrow. Night blog! 
    


	 
      Heya! Meow moo meow!  Hmm. Even today is meowing! I woke up at 8. Wah...I had a very interesting dream today. I wonder... Anyhoo, I woke up, took a bath and watched TV. Yes! No time to come online to check on MNI. Mother brought back breakfast (duck porridge) and I meowed at it. Hmm. At 10.30, I came online. After that, I went away to watch HZGG and eat lunch (marcoroni). What another touching HZGG! Ayioh!! When is that stupid emperor coming to find them? SLOW!   Hmm. At 1,  was online lor. I went to play GunBound for awhile, then went off to surf the Net. Oh yes. I did my Pupil's Profile form. Ayioh!! The spaces were too little!! How am I supposed to write a lot! Haiyoh! Lousy! After writing the form, it was more internet surfing and chatting. Ayioh. So many cats to talk to!   Hmm. At 5, I went off to buy dinner for me and brother. It was Hokkien Prawn Mee again. Ayioh! I lost in the "4D People Counting" game!! Hokkien Prawn Mee is SLOW!      Hmm. I went back and ate while watching Unbeatables. Yao shu!! The mee is so spicy! I want to die le! After TV watching and dinner, I went to throw away the rubbish. Before I did, I took the strings attached to my pen and burnt them. The strings were from the Prelims and Os. Burning them sybolizes the end of one chapter of my life, and the start of the next. The plastic bag almost burnt. :P  After that, I went to bath, and tada, I am online. Right now, Wendy's at my house. Talking to me lor. That idiotic brother. I have to make him swear not to tell my parents. Ayier. I must also leave the door open ("gu nan kua nu" nonsense!).   Yay! I learnt how to tie a tie. HaHa. Finally! CQ told me tomorrow must bring PJ tie (the design is so horrendous!), so I must learn how to tie. Hmm. I went to a website and learnt lor. I did 4 different ties before settling down with the Half-Windsor Knot. O.O!! And AR!!! PE tomorrow! Eeee!   Okay. I gotta go now. See ya tomorrow. Night blog. 
    


	 
      Heya meow moo! Even ducks are meowing!  Today, I woke up at 8.30. It'a nice to wake up late for a change. Oh my my! Even ducks are meowing. I went to bath, after which, I went online. Hmm. Breakfast came. Even the chee cheong fun looks so inviting. Yes! After that, I watched TV, then went out to play basketball with CQ and cats.  Hmm. I reached there around 11.30. HaHa. I played with the cats for about 30 minutes. WQ is extremely dazed. I wonder what's up with him. I only played for 30 minutes, because we stopped playing when WQ's glasses are knocked down and is bent. O.O Yes. After that, we went to Causeway Point to eat. WQ and PY had to go out, so they didn't come along.   Okie. We went up to the foodcourt to eat. Hmm. I ate black carrot cake. Yes! Or else, I have no moolah left to drink! Even carrot cakes tastes nice. Joyce gave me her chicken wings because she don't like to eat the wings (Seee WQ! People are so generous! Yes, I haven't forgotten the Fiesta incident! You threw away the wings, refusing to give me!! Oh yes, I still remember, and I will keep on remembering! My wings!!). She's eating the sambal chicken and the sambal sauce is absolutely fantastic! I must eat sambal chicken rice next time! HM joined us. Hello!   After that, we went around shopping. We went up to Metro 3rd level, to shop for bags. I saw Wendy there, but she was busy serving a customer, so I didn't get to talk to her in the end. Hmm. We went down to Guardian, because HM wants to buy things. We played with the Nivea Deodarant (testing can). The smell kinda reminds me of someone. Yes!! After that, we went around lor. Joyce wanted to buy a computer and she asked for my help lor. Hmm. I gave her some advice. After that, we went to take NeoPrints. We took 2 times. O.O In one of the pics, they put a crown over my head and the words "Emperor". Meow moo moo!  Hmm. Me and Gloria went home. Me, CQ and Gloria were very worried for the height and weight taking. We were scared we will end up in the Health and Fitness Club (those who are 130% overweight and above MUST enter that as an CCA)! We don't want! Choir is our ONLY choice!! You know what? Our worries are unfounded. I checked with my Health Booklet. If the info's accurate now (CQ said it is...height-for-weight tables don't change over the years), then all of us are very safe. We are in the 120% region! YAY!! Choir!!   Okie. I came back, bathed and went online. Yes! At 6.30, I went to eat dinner and watch my show. Even ducks are meowing! After eating and watching the TV, I came back online.  Hmm. What else to add? Yes, must do the Student Profile form! The cats are gonna see some pretty interesting answers! I gotta go, so see ya tomorrow. Night blog! 
    


	 
      Hey Hey! Meow moo meow!!  Quackity meow! Today was meowful! Yes, very! Hmmm. I slept again, meow moo. Hmmm. I was kinda late, because I fell asleep while eating breakfast. Yes!  Today is the first day of the mass lecture. The 1st hour is Assembly with Mr Tham. O.O What a weird Thamy Tham Tham cat. Yes! After that is a long long peiod of break. We orignally planned to play games, but in the end, did not. I spent the time studying Mole Concept. Hmmm. Quite easy la, but I need time to understand.   After that were 2 lectures. Chem, followed by Maths. Hmmm. I learnt something new in Maths. AP, that chapter. Hmm. Quite easy, actually. Chem lecture was just intro to the subject and all.  After the two lectures, we decided to go to Bukit Panjang Plaza to eat. Me, Janet, WQ, Gloria, CQ, Josephine and her two friends. Hmm. I was damn hungry man. I wanted to eat at the food court, settle it there and then. That WQ don't want, and we ended up eating at KFC. Sigh. Hmm. When we are going back to attend make-up Maths lecture, it rained. Rainy rainy rain. I have to shelter WQ. Yes.  Hmm. Make-up lecture for Maths (Partial Fractions) is quite easy. Yep. So is Chem, because I read up on CQ's notes before. Hmm. I think I've got the basics spot on. Yep. That's good.  Hmmm. After that was campfire. We have to wait for awhile. I mean, a long while. It was raining outside, so in the end, they decided to carry out the cmapfire in the hall. Hmmm. They mostly did song-singing and some games. O.O! Even the songs are nice. Yes! Me and CQ had fun.HaHa. We danced the PJ song at the end. CQ refused to let me be the 'girl'! Hmp! :P   After that, me, CQ, WQ, Gloria, Janet and TZ went to Lot 1 to eat lor. I didn't have money, so I have to borrow some for Gloria. I brought Ice Kacang to eat. So damn hungry. After that, we took the MRT home. This time, me, Gloria and Janet took the bus home instead of walking.   Hmm. I reached back at 10+. Survivor Recap is showing. EE. I don't really like recap, so after bathing, I went online lor. Wah...I just came back from watching First Cut: The New Home. A ghost movie lor. So scary! I don't dare to go to sleep now...or even go out later. Never mind, don't go out lor. :P  Ahh well. I gotta go now. It's actually 1.10am when I am finished. Due to continuity issues, I am changing the time. Yes! Ahh yes. See ya tomorrow. Night blog!
    


	 
      Meow moo meow! What a busy busy day!  Hmmm. Today is a meowing day. Yes. I slept on the journey again. O.O Anyway, we have to wait a bit. Gloria got news that CQ will be in the same class as Kelvin. Which one? I don't know. Oh yes, I met ShengQiang at the MRT Station while waiting for the rest to meowingly come. We chatted for quite a bit.  Hmmm. Well well well. I landed up in 04S22, along with CQ and Kelvin Lim! Two Kelvins in the same class again! HaHa! Even ducks ended up in the same class! O.O When we lined up, we saw there were fewer girls than boys. Hmmm. Behind us were three Malay guys. I don't like them. I don't know why. Their attitude leaves much to be desired, I guess. Like, just don't like their attitude lor. Reminds me too much of Faiz.   Hmmm. We went to the LT 4 for our Study Skills workshop. I feel was discriminated against when I was labelled incompetent because I put "prefers studying with radio/TV on" and "i have short concentration span...gets bored easily". Hello!! Baised! After the speech, we went down for break.  Hmm. Break was kinda short, but oh meow. We went up to the hall for some PE/CCA speech. Hmmm. How meowful! Mr Kwok (or Kok?) was kinda sacarstic to the late-comers. "Dignitaries". Heh. After that, was our Contact Time with our CT.  Hmmm. Our CT is Mr Tham. He's very very weird, yet funny at the same time. I don't whether to like him or not. Heh. CQ and Kelvin doesn't. He was their CT last time round. O.O Hmmm. He gave us our timetable and Pupil Profile Form. Ooo! What a fun form to fill up! Yes! Hmmm. He dismissed us for lunch.  Well, I found a dong gu meen in the canteen, and I am never eating that again. The mian and all is alright (the chicken is not shredded), but the dong gu is so toasted! Not soft de! Eeee! My dong gu!! Hmm. I was kinda worried for WQ (meow at Ji), because he didn't meet us for lunch. I thought he was robbed while in the toilet (well, it could happen), because his phone is off. Hmm. It turned out that he was chatting with his OGL and his phone's battery is low.   Well, after lunch, is our CIP. We are supposed to go to some blocks to clean up. Ayioh! the bus carrying our class, S25 and A05 was late!! Oh my god. Me and CQ met someone new, Jeric. Meow moo! Soon, after a long long wait, the bus came! Meow moo!   At the blocks, the clases were given assignements on how to clean up. S22 were told to clean up the dustbins. Wipe them clean, empty the trash and put in a new bag. Ayioh!! Me and CQ paired up with Jeric and another cat (I forgot his name, must ask tomorrow). We went around cleaning la. Wah! Our group was even taken photos of cleaning the dustbin. O.O I wonder if that will be published in the Hong Kah newsletter meow! We have to get back to take more bags several times. Mr Tham said "More bags means more marks for maths!" -.-" Ayioh!! We encountered two very smelly bins! We wanted to puke! Oh my meowing god! Our eyes were watery and I really wanted to vomit lor. That put us off cleaning bins. We returned to the checkpoint proclaiming duty's done. Hmm. We have to wait a while longer to be dismissed.  Darn! No free buses back to school. I wanted to go back to meet my OG to eat dinner together (actually, I called Lit Ping to see if he's going. If he is, it means the otgher two cats are going too, which means I am going too). Wah lao. My card like no more money le lor. Sigh! Me and CQ dropped off at CCK Interchange and I took 190 back to school while he waited for Gloria and Janet.   Hmmm. I met up with my OG at the canteen. We waited for about 30 minutes, till 4.30 for the rest to gather. Hmm. Steve was playing his guitar and some other OGL was singing. O.O Anyway, we took some photos before setting off to Bukit Timah Plaza's Pizza Hut, via 985.   HaHaHa! We are so engrossed chatting with each other that we completely missed our stop! The bus have to drive through a long expressway (BKE? I think). Wah lao. We went down and walked to the opposide side of the road (Joy's scared of heights) to the bus-stop in front of CJC. The irony! HaHa! Some cats in my OG met friends coming out of CJC. LP met a Hong Kong friend and they started chatting in Cantonese. How smooth they sound. HaHa. My Cantonese standard sucks, compared to these natives (I sometimes talk in Canto, then switch to EL/Chinese when I don't know how to express in Canto...Janet and Gloria noticed that on Tuesday). Soon, 985 came and we are on our journey back.  Hmm. We all finally met at the Pizza Hut. Hmm. We guys were sitting at a table, and the girls at another. All the guys talk about are girls lor. Everytime they see a pretty woman walking past (we are sitting next to the full-sized window), they go crazy. I was like very de sian. I didn't eat much, because I don't eat a lot of things there, except Hawaiian Pizza and drumsticks. Hmm. We ate from 6.30 till around 8.  HaHa. I have to go back early, so LP offered to send me to the bus-stop (because I don't know where it is and he lives round here). Woah! The whole OG (what remains of it anyway) tagged along. HaHa. so Paiseh. I need sending off. Thank guys!   I got onto bus 173, which took me to Clementi. From there, I took the MRT towards Admiralty. I have abolsutely no moolah left in my card, so I have to walk back. Due to experimentation, I've found out that walking home via 768 takes a shorter time than walking home via Gloria's route. Shorter by around 3 minutes la. I take around 2 minutes to walk from 768 to my home (WQ that time found it long and slow because he is walking very slowly, shuffle feet somemore. Even normal cats take 2 minutes!!). I came back home at around 9.07.  Hmm. I bathed, then came online. O.O Matt Rogers was voted out. Oh well. I thought Camille would be voted out, since she was second last last week. She's still is this week. Her future ain't looking bright if she doesn't pull her socks up.   Yes yes. Now CQ is waiting for this blog entry. Wait ar, I must mention something. Today, I was SMSing Amanda. I cannot tell what we said due to privacy issues, but we have a good talk. Yep. Hmm. Today Wendy sent me an SMS, saying she appreciates our friendship a lot ("I love you Kel" It brightened up my day. :D). Yes! Friends are always the best.  Okay. I ending le. See ya tomorrow. Night blog! 
    


	 
      Meow moo! Heya!!  Today was yet another great day! HaHaHa! Hmmm. Today I slept on the whole car journey to the MRT, so I don't know what happened. I guess we were quite slow, because I noticed we took a longer time to reach the MRT. Maybe we were travelling behind buses again.   Hmmm. Even ducks enjoyed Orientation today, even though the cats got dirty when crawling on mud. Ergh ergh ergh! Okie. Hmm. The first thing we do is the Telematch. O.O! Hmmmm. The games were quite fun overall, although we ended up dirtier than yesterday. Heh Heh. Hmm. I noticed that Yao Long looks very much like Lionel, with and without specs. A very creepy resemblance, if you ask me. Hmm.  After that, we were given a small break. The girls went off to bath. O.O After the break was the Mass Dance. Ayiah....again. So sian le leh. Hmm. Me and my partner dance quite wekll, but we always fumble during the Tango & Cha-Cha. Heh Heh. OH my goodness! WQ is totally funny! He was dancing with Hidayah (or Yu...dunnoe which twin came into PJ). Oh my god! he so sitff! He only moved here and there, without even clapping hands (when we are supposed to). His movement is very woody and stiffy....I really wanted to laugh out loud (okay, I did when I was recounting what I saw to the other cats at the choir audition). HAHAHAHA!  Hmmm. We went for lunch. O.O I ate the rice with many many dishes. Ayierr. I ate fried food! I am not supposed to do that. I chatted with the guys and Joy on my table lor. HaHa. Yao Long joked that we four are the 'gay clan'. Heh. We chatted lor. Woah! That Joy (our OGL, if you cats remember) very de suspicious leh. We just moved her plate (while she was away) to make room for Auntie to clean. She came back and ket insisting we did something to her plate. "Five guys all telling me the same thing and my plate is moved elsewhere! I am not stupid!" Heh Heh. :P What a suspicious Joy.  After that, the tribes of Olympus gathered together to bond lor. We have to play with other cats from other tribes. Hmmm. It was quite fun. I knew quite a lot of cats now. Heh Heh. After that, we proceeded to LT1 to make our mascots.   Hmm. I didn't contribute to mascot-making. I was mainly chatting with Yong Joo and the Indian girl (I still don't remember her name) who was from choir. Hmmm. Our OG went to take a group pic together. Hmm. At 3, we went to the Hall. At 3, it was time for choir audition. Me, Janet (who was from the same clan) and the Indian Girl went together la.  Hmm. We met Ji and Gloria there. Hmm. The conductor hasn't arrived yet. The TIC is Miss Elieen Toh (right?) and she's an ex-Riverside teacher. O.O Soon, a repeat senior named Astro came to talk to us for awhile. Hmmm.  Soon, the conductor, Mr Francis Liew (right? I think so), came in. O.O He's very motivational. Hmm. He reminds me of Miss Choo, if you ask me. His attitude lor, espeically with the one about competing in SYF, even the principal said there is not a need to ("I want to see how well we do against other colleges and we will work from that standing". That's what Miss Choo said to us last time). Hmm. He went around asking everyone. I was the first to be asked. He recongized Miss Choo, I think. I replied "Of course" to his question of me wanting to be in choir, and he said "Thank You!". I am beginning to like him. After a long motivational speech, he started auditioning. Actually, it wasn't really auditioning. He is just testing our voices and see where he would put us. Hmm. Meanwhile, the four of us were chatting with Miss Eileen. We were among the last to be tested.   Hmmm. He tested CQ first. Hmm. After CQ, it was me. I first informed him that I wasn't exactly pitch-perfect. He said "Okay. Now I know. Thank you!" and hit four low notes. I sang them la. Guess what he said? He said "Who says you sucks at pitching? You pitched perfectly ma! Go bash that person up!" I was like "Really?!!" Oh my god! He just made my day! Nobody told me I pitched perfectly before!! Although I fumbled on the other notes (because I was too happy and excited and kept laughing, my high voice came out). He said me and CQ needs to use our low voices, not our falsettos we normally use in RSS choir. YaY!! I got in! Hmm. He said only tested Gloria once and immediately accepted her. Good man! Janet got in too, but she doesn't want to be in choir. Hmmm.  After that we went back to the hall. The Orientation has ended! OO! I found out that Olympus is the Champion Clan! Yay!! Meow moo Championship! Hmmm. We met with our OG first, then we went off together. YH came to PJ to appeal! Good luck to him! Hmm. We went back together lor.  Midway,l Wendy smsed, said she has no moolah to eat. Since I got enough, I went down at Causeway Point and treated her to a MacDonalds Meal. Hmmm. We chatted and chatted. I also went up to look at that Gavin, her new manager. Hmm. I caught him. Wendy says I was lucky to catch sight of him. Hmm. He is somewhere between handsome and cute, I'd say. He scares me lor. I was helping Wendy tear strings ma, and he said something about me wanting to work here or what. I thought he was being sarcarstic, Wendy says he tries too hard to fit in. Her colleague, Su, later come and tell us that he cried today. O.O Wild rumors are spectaculating that he broke off the engagement with his China bride. I thought he was one of the cats who took a China bride through an agency and said "Woah? He so desperate ar?" and that sent Wendy and Su to laughter. Ohhh...Wendy said he knew the girlfriend for a long time, so OOO. I went down to buy TNP for Wend, then I returned home lor. Woah...it was almost 8 when I came back.  After bathing, I ate my dinner while being online. Hmmm. Now I am watching AI. Hmmm. Tomorrow the class list's gonna come out, and I am very nervous bout that.   Ahh well. I think I better end this blog. Woah, so long ar! Okay, see ya tomorrow. Night blog!
    


	 
      Heya! Meow moo meow!!  Ahhh! Today was meowingly fun! Okie...lemme start from the beginning. Hmm. Today, we travelled behind a bus...again. So SLOW! Ayioh! Anyhoo, I reached there early. Maybe that's because I went out early today.  Hmm. Today in my OG, I made new friends. Heh Heh. If Lit Ping hasn't talked to me first (ask to see my form), I wouldn't have hanged out with him, Yong Joo and Yao Long. Heh Heh. I really liked this group more. Maybe because last time I was forever hanging out with MingYao only, I didn't enjoy myself with the group. This time, I bonded with mah group. O.O What a meowing time.  Hmm. The first activity for our clan (Olympus) is mass dance. O.O Hmm. This time my partner is great. I mean, as in not as worse as the pervious cats. HaHa. We laughed a lot at each other's mistakes. Heh Heh. Anyhoo, we were given a break.  Heh Heh. The four of us stuck together each time. Heh. Anyhoo, we brought uniforms during our break and resulted in us being late to the tribe meeting. HeH HeH.   OO! The games were played next. Hmm. Our tribe lost in every game sia! So sway! Anyway, I had a great time. Yeah. Heh Heh. Unexpected wor. I usually don't like Orientation games. O.O Hmm. After games, we went for lunch.   HaHa. A lot of cats went off leh, and only left we four guys and some girls. After lunch, we measured height and weight. Wel, I grew by 1am and 0.6kg. That's horrible! After measurements were done, we went for Clan Time.   Clan Time was meowing. Hmmm. We played more games. Ayioh!! I lost in a game you know! As a forfeit, I have to belly-dance. So embarassing!!! HaHaHa!! Even ducks meowed. After games, there was the school tour. O.O Even the shcool tour is meowing!   Hmm. After touring the school, we went back to the hall to sing some songs. Ayioh...sor boring. Hmmm. When we left, I forgot to say goodbye to mah group. Oh well.   Hmm. Lit Ping is from HK. Hmm. I couldn't tell at first, until Joy asked. Hmm. I wonder if he knows how to speak Cantonese. Must ask tomorrow. Hmm. Yes. I went home with WQ, CQ, Janet and Gloria. Me and the two girls got off at Admiralty and walked to 768. I met my Dad there and ate dinner.   Hmm. I came back, bathed and came online. Oh! I went off to watch TV. Oh Carol is aboslutely tuching today! Oh my god...Allan is so sweet! He proposed to Carol! Oh my god...the perfect ending! So touching!  Hmm. I think I am ending this. Sorry for sounding really rushed, but I am getting distracted by a really good Snape fic. O.O Yes! See ya tomorrow. Night blog!
    


	 
      Ooo! Meow mooo!!  Hmm. Today is the start of the schooling year! Oh my god! I am so dman beat! Wake up so early...ergh!! Even ducks feel sleepy. Hmm. I ate my breakfast and Dad took me there. Woah..I hate driving behind buses. They are so freaking slow! The cars on the other lanes are zomming by us. So meowful! I reached CCK station just nice. Okay. Maybe 1-2 minutes late. Oh well.  Hmm. A large group of Riversidians were there. Hmmm. Soon, we set off towards PJ lor. Hmm. When reaching school, PY came to tell us our group. Ayiah! Her information is WRONG! I went into OG18, not 21. Heh Heh.  Ahh well. My OGLs are Steve and Joy, both graduated cats. Anyhoo, there are a lot of girls in my OG, quite a few guys wor. Hmm. Ayioh. Today was kinda boring. There are much more options on me form, so that's good. That principal, Mr Quek, is terribly funny. Actually, funny as in lame. He was saying that there are more girls than boys in PJ, so not every girl will get a boyfriend. -.-" Anyway, this is just like the first day of the Orientation 1. Utterly boring.  Hmm. At 11, we were releashed. I went with my OG, then met up with CQ and gang at the uniform stall. Yeah. I brought 2 sets of shirt+pants, plus a mandatory tie. It costs $77 total. Woah...I only brought $80, just nice wor. Heh Heh. I tried to escape from my OG, but decided not to. Hmmm. The clan got together to ice-break (quite unsuccessfully. Hmmm. My group is quite nice... heh heh. Yes. Good good.   Hmm. The guys left for Lot 1 first, so I went there alone. I met them at Mac, then I ate my lunch lor. Hmmm. Yes. When we were about to take the MRT, we saw CK and gang. Hmm. They suggested going to Causeway Point's 6-floor to chat. O.O  Ayioh! CQ now wants to go Chem/Phy! Oh my lord! So many cats want to go Chem/Phy now! Yes! After giving it serious thoughts, I decided on choosing Phy/Chem too. Hmm. Well, I am thinking of majoring in Psychology, and that doens't need any requirements. I need to get a good pass to enter university. Well, they said Phy was easier to score than Bio. Meow moo. So meow moo!!   Hmm. We stayed there for awhile, then while we went down, we met SL and WT. O.O! HaHa. We all accompanied her to eat BK. Yes! We chatted more! Hmmmmm. After that, they went to walk around Causeway. Hmm. My parents came to fetch moi back, so I left early.  Coming home, I bathed, came online, then went to eat dinner. Ayioh!!! I am running late for Friends! I must rushy rushy rush! Yes!!!  Well,  I gotta get going. See ya tomorrow. Night blog!
    


	 
      Heya! Quack meow!  Heh Heh Heh. Today, something meowingly funny happened. Okay. I have to backtrack a little. Hmm. See. A few days ago, CQ owed me $1.50. I really need the moolah to save up, so I keep pressing him to return ( some  people still owe me $3 for MONTHS!). He said he can't spare me moolah. That time, I was feeling particularly bored and bo liao, I put myself up for a dare. I said he won't return me the $1.50 if I tell WQ I liked him. Well, I know I wouldn't want to, because I don't like him and he might take the joke seriously and cut off our friendship. Then, today early morning after GB, CQ dared me la. I refused profusely, but he said WQ could reveal who he likes. Now, since he put it that way, I am up for the challenge. $1.50 is so worth it for knowing who is WQ's crush. Therefore, I made up this cock-and-bull story about me having feelings for him since last year...blah blah blah. HaHa. He is so slow! He asked "who is 'you'?"! Ayioh! "You" means him lor! Then, he refused to believe it, saying it is lame, unbelievable and is a joke. Hmm. Me and CQ decided to own up and say it is indeed a joke. Well, I didn't get the info I wanted. Wasted my efforts! Heh Heh Heh!   Hmmm. After that, me and Wendy SMSed each other for an hour (it was 1am). HaHa. We chatted about her problem at work. Heh. I gave some creative suggestions. O.O! I wonder how it went. Must sms her later. Yes! After that, I fell asleep lor.  Hmm. I woke up at 8 and took a 45-minute bath. Uhm hmm. After that, I went to watch the TV while reading newspapers. Mother came back at 9.30, bringing back breakfast (duck porridge). Hmm, at 10, I went online and chatted with a few cats. Hmm. At 11, I went away to watch HZGG and eat lunch. HZGG is terribly touching... I teared at a few scenes. Yes!   After HZGG, I went online for awhile, then was off to watch a Channel 8 documentary (Shu Li Shu Qu) and my recorded Pokemon show yesterday. Even Larvitar meowed!! So cute! After that, I went back to chat with cats like CQ, XC and Snapeluva. Hmm. We chatted till 4.30, when Unbeatables is showing. At 5, my brother's friend came here.   I went down to buy dinner. Oh my god. I am so lucky! I came home early. After some more minutes, it started pouring heavily. Phew! I ate my dinner while watching Unbeatables. At 6.30, I went to bath and here I am online. Hmm. I fell asleep just now. So tired now. *Yawns*  Oh well. Tomorrow is the start of the school. Today ends my 4-months holidays. Oh well. TaTa to freedom!  Ahh well. I gotta go now. See ya tomorrow. Night blog!
    


	 
      Heya! Meow moo!  Hmmm. Today morning was kinda rushing. Yeah. Hmm. I woke up at 8.30 and bathed for about an hour. O.O I came online and the first thing CQ told me is that the results are out. Guess what? I got into PJ! YAY!! HaHa! A lot of cats also! CQ for one. Hmm. WQ came online, and deliberately delayed his checking. Ergh! Even CQ washed his hands off WQ!  After that and breakfast, we went down to cut hair. Sigh. My hair is badly multilated. Even ducks are appalled at hairs being sniped by catty cats-ducks! Hmm. After that, I went back home to wash mah hair. You can't expect me to go out with bits of hairs stuck in my head! I need to shampoo twice to get rid of the itsy-bitsy hairlets. After washing, I went out to meet mah friends at the basketball court near WQ's house. Well, I was late. I told them I am gonna be late anyway, so meow moo.  Hmmm. That WQ lied to me, said he's going to NYP's Business course. Of course, I didn't really believe him in the first place. I got a gut feeling he's lying. How? I dunnoe. Probably by the others' reaction, and his eyes. I can see it. Anyways, we played some game. KS, TZ, ChiYuan and ChenHui came. Hmm. We played some game, stopping to rest at 12.15 and played some more lor.  We stopped at 1. Hmm. We sat down to talk for awhile. CQ, Joyce and Gloria went home. She said "I go home and eat la. Everytime stay back to wait for Kelvin, but always in the end, didn't go home with him". I was like "What?". I never expected her to to go home with me. I never wanted her to anyway. She's free to go home anytime. I never forced her to stay with me anyway. Sigh. This is getting dangerous! Anyway, the rest of us took the bus to Causeway Point to eat lunch.  Yeah. Me, WQ, PY, HM, TZ, KS, CY and CH went to eat lor. I paid WQ back 1 moolah. Heh Heh. Anyway, I ended up telling PY and HM things. That WQ la. Go and bring up that topic. Nothing better to talk. Hm. WQ's observations were really that accurate lor. I wonder why others didn't see it, they were obvious. I don't mean  all  his observations. Most of them anyway.   After lunch, we went to play pool. Yes. Thrice in a row. HaHa. TZ treated us all, so thankies to him. Hmmm. Me and WQ played against PY and HM. Hmmm. Soon, we changed partners la. Ayiah. HM left early lor. We stopped playing at 4:30.  I walked to Marsiling with TX, KS, WQ and PY. We sent WQ off first, after that I took the MRT and 913 bus back. I came home, bathed, ate dinner and watched TV and was online ever since I finished bathing. HaHa. I am now listening to my playlist. Back Here by BBMak is playing. "There's a feeling I want you to know, you are the one that I can't let you go" Very romantic!  Even ducks must meow! I think I gotta go now. See ya tomorrow. Night blog!
    


	 
      Heya! Meow moo moo...  Hmm. Even the ducks meowed. Yeah. I woke up at 7. HaHa. We are going to the doctor's. Ayiah. Check on my boils lor. What else? Hmm. I think my boils are caused by plugged sweat glands. Yeah. Ayiah. Dad fetched us at 8.  Hmm. We went to eat kueh chap as breakfast. After eating breakfast, we went to the doctor's. Hmm. Said the same old things, nhothing new. Must not eat seafood, must not eat peanuts, must not eat deep-fried foods. Sigh!! Hmmm. After getting the medicine, Father drove us to the nearest POSBank. Yeah. I have to withdraw moolah from mah account to eat Seoul Garden later. I also took money out to return KS and TZ. Yeah lor. After that, Father drove us home. Hmm. I ended up taking the 913 bus there.  Hmm.I met CQ and KS there. We were early, so we went to walk around. We really walked around aimlessly, killing time. At 10.50+, WQ met us and we went tout to wait for the others. Gloria came, followed by SL, Joyce and PY. Hmmm. We waited for the Seoul Garden to open. Hmm.   Soon, it opened. Each of us have to pay 13 bucks. Hmmm. Yes. Oh well. What can I say about Seoul Garden? We ate our fill? HM joined us later. Anyway, I ate mostly seafood. Which is clams (harms). Heh Heh. Disease/cancer my foot! I am eating harms and nobody's ain't stopping moi. Anyway, I stopped eating after I find them too salty. Yeah. It happens. Oh well. I also ate some meat. I find the chicken Bou-something very spicy. Hot hot!!   Hmm. After Seoul Garden, we decided to go play pool. O.O I got lotsa moolah, so can play all we want. HaHa. I even treated CQ, because he don't have money left. Even the ducks meowed at pool for 2 hours! Yes! We played from 2.30 to 4something. Meow moo meow!!  After that, the ducks are going home. I wanted to walk to Marsiling, actually, take 911 bus to meet Mother. AHHHHHH!!! MY PLANS ARE SPOILT!! Gloria tagged along..... ergh!!!!! We (me, CQ, WQ, Gloria, Joyce and PY) went to a park and started chatting. Hmm. We mostly reminised about olde times. After that, we walked home. Hmm. I sent WQ off home. Heh. There are several reaons for me doing so, but I ain't gonna explain here. Hmmm. On the way back home, me and Wendy chatted. Heh. A funny incident happened, but I can't and wouldn't elaborate. So embarassing!! Even ducks meow!  Hmm. I came home, bathed and ate dinner (noodles). Hmm. Tada! I am here. Tomorrow's the results of my posting. Ergh. I am so worried. Meow mooo mooo moooo!!! I want to get into Pioneer Junior College! MEOW MOO!!  Okay. I gotta go. See ya tomorrow. Night blog!
    


	 
      Heya! Meow moo meow!  Hmm. Today I woke up at 8.25 and took a 55 minutes bath. You must be wondering why I know the precise time. Well, I always look at the kitchen clock when going in and out of the bathroom. Heh. After bathing, I came online for awhile, then went to eat chee cheong fun. After eating breakfast, I went out to take the 911 bus to the basketball court.  I met CQ there, then followed by KS. After a while, WQ came down. Hmm. YC and her cousin came, then Gloria and HL. As the court was full, we decided to go to the 350+ court to play. Hmm. I was reading my book when walking. Gloria and YC was terribly naggy. Hello lor! I have mastered the art of reading while walking. I have not and will not meet any accidents. Okay. Enough bitching. We reached the court after a long walk and me being safe and sound.   Hmm. We meowed at the game lor. Joyce and PY came and we meowed some more. What am I supposed to say about the game? After playing for some time, we are dead tired. Yeah. Oh well. At 1, YC and her cousin went back. We went to Causeway Point. Walk there lor, what else? Me and CQ talked some more lor. Yes. Meowingly meow meowed us. We walked all the way to Causeway Point.   Hmm. We went to McDonalds to eat lunch. Hmm. During some point, they suggested going to my house to watch VCDs. Ayioh...I don't want so many cats coming. No space!! Gloria got terribly annoying by repeating and repeating "Go your house leh!". I almost lost my appetite for lunch. Okay. I shouldn't be so evil. I am just terribly annoyed, that's all.   After that, we went to play pool. Joyce didn't bring her EZ-Link Card, so she has to go home and take. We met TZ there too. We decided to play two 9-ft tables. Hmmm. We played. I teamed with WQ for most of the time. Even though we didn't win everytime, we still won some games. Hmm. WQ is terribly jue. Yes. Oh well. Hmmm. We played for a long time. Sigh. In the end, each table have to pay $20, amounting to $5 each cat. Sigh. I have no moolah. That WQ, even though he has a lot of money, wouldn't help me pay first. He said "I need to buy the FM Tuner". Ohh...... So the FM Tuner is more important than me la. Okay. Next time, I won't ask him for financial help le. Obviously, gadgets are much more sought-after and valuable than friends. Sigh. I think I am terribly selfish. I need to think in his stance. He really need that FM Tuner and I can't go running to him for help everytime! In the end, TZ said I don't have to pay. Nonsense! I will pay him back (or at least, via KS) tomorrow. Yeah. Meow moo.  After that, we went home lor. 964 bus came first, so I left without Gloria. Hmm. I reached home, bathed and went online. Yeah. I ate my dinner while chatting with CQ. Hmmm. Sigh. I am at a mess, frankly speaking. Even ducks finished dinner at 7.  Hmmm. Right now I am chatting with XC and WQ, who are not really online. Later I am watching AI and waiting for Wendy to come online. Yeah.   So, I gotta get going. See ya tomorrow. Night blog!
    


	 
      Okay! Meow moo meow!! Even ducks are meowing today!  Hmm. Today I woke up as usual. Hmmm. After bathing, I went down to buy 8 Days. Great as usual, the ducks were meowing. Mother brought back chee cheong fun and after eating, I went online to play for awhile, then went out.  HaHa. I am meeting WQ and CQ today. WQ wants to buy mp3 player, so me and CQ accompanied him. Hmm. We went to eat lunch at LJS. Yeah. I have to buy for WQ again. Even CQ meowed at the silliness. Oh yes. Hmm. The counter person tried to trick us again, but I know!! YES!! I know! I didn't get tricked!   After eating lunch, we took the train towards City Hall. I am still reading Rice Bowl. Hmm. I found out I didn't really like Marie after all. She is too rebellious for my taste. Well, kinda. Yeah, too Christian too. (I know, as a Witch/Wiccan, I am not supposed to discriminate other religions. I am just uncomfortable with the story being based on Christianity...) Her plans' synopsis goes like this: "It will provide a framework for meaningful Christian involvement in the context of economic oppression in Singapore". Yes. I am very uncomfortable with that. I strongly believe in the separation of church and state (that came from Thomas Jefferson...or is it? I heard it in the MNI board). Ao meow moo!  Okay. We arrived there and while walking to Funan, was bombarded with a girl selling sme ice-cream vouchers. HaHa. I said I have no moolah, so I was left alone. In the end, WQ brought one. Wow.   Hmm. WQ went around surveying Mp3 Players. He wasn't really statisfied with the mp3s players. We soon came to Challenger. Wow!! I saw the AI game and I want it!! HaHa! I have absolutely no moolah at all, so I have to lend from KWQ the cat. Heh Heh. I owe him $18 bucks now. Meow moo meow! After that, he went to buy a Nomad MuVo (having 4GB storage) costing $400+. He actually asked the salesman the disadvantages of the MuVo player! The salesman was left in a fluster and me and CQ were laughing. Oh my god! I don't think any salesman would know the disadvantage of their product. At least must compare with another product ma! Heh Heh!  Hmm. After that, WQ suggested to go Suntec City. Okay, sure. We rushed to take the shuttle service to Suntec. Hmm. That girl stopped us again. I pointed out that she sold a ticket to WQ and she said "Oh! No wonder I found you guys so familiar!" What a silly cat. Heh Heh. Okie. We took the bus there.  Hmm. We went to Carrefour again. HaHa. Nothing much to see, so we went to shop around lor. After a while of shopping (mainly, going into a video store and looking at VCDs, or for me, looking at the current VCD playing in Cantonese), we wanted to go back home. WQ wanted to come to my house, but in the end didn't. Okay. We walked all the way to the Esplanade (nad!!! es-pla-nad, not nade! We must follow the French pronunciation! This is a French word after all!) to take the 960 bus.  I read Rice Bowl, but it got too boring for me. I wanna sleep for awhile. Heh Heh. CQ alighted at Marsiling and WQ and I alighted at the next stop. I sent him back home and I walked to Woodlands Interchange, taking 964 back.  Hmm. I went back, bathed and played my AI game. O.O! HaHaHa! What a fun game! I somehow won the game! YaY! Even the ducks sang and danced to "I Will Survive"! Heh Heh. After playing, I went to GunBound with XC, WQ and CQ for awhile, before going off to dinner.  Yeah, I went to 768 to eat fried rice, then returned home and tada, I am here. Hmmm. I think my day can be summarized as fun. Yeah. I think. Heh.   Anyhoo, Professor Sun's TTM is giving me a major headache! HaHaHa! Seriously, it is so darn difficult. I will scour the text again to get sense out of it. Hmm. Yes!! Meow meow!!  Okay. I gotta end le. See ya tomorrow. Night blog!
    


	 
      Heya! Today was meowfully meowing! Meow meow!  Okie. I woke up at 8.15 to a deary cloudy morning. After bathing for an hour, I went online for awhile. Yeah. After that, I went offline to eat chee cheong fun. Hmm. After that, I went to the basketball court near WQ's house early.  I want to spend some quality time reading mah book.    Yeah. I reached there around 10.30. I brought along Rice Bowl, by Christine Lim. I love the protangonist. She reminds me of me. Her great attitude, her thinking. Almost like mine. Non-conventional, controlversial. Yeah. Her boyfriend is the people I don't really like. Those people who accept everything the government tell them, who is so prim and proper. I quote you one thing he said "Singapore is a small nation. We can't afford defiance, rebellion and constant questioning of government policies." NONSENSE!! You mean to tell me to accept what the government said blindly and unquestioning like obedient little dogs? Pui! Never in my life! Of course, Marie is very wise to break up with him. Meow moo!!  Okay. Moo meow! KS, CQ and WQ came, followed shortly by Gloria. Okay. The court was full at first, but after waiting, it was emptied of players. We meowed at the court. The team formation of me, CQ and KS proved too formidable, so we decided to play ABC till Joyce came. Hmm. I made great improverments in ABC! Woo hoo! I can "cross the river" le! Such a miracle! Joyce came and we played ABC again! Meow moo meow!! After that, we played and played till 1.  Yeah. At 1, we went to Causeway Point to eat lunch. Hmm. We went to McDonalds to eat. Yes! Even ducks meow! Even the cat ate the McNuggets Meal. Yes! After that, they wanted to go watch movie. Hmm. WQ suggested After School, I suggested Butterfly Effect and Joyce wanted Big Fish. Hmm. After a lot of deliberation and some compromising, we agreed on Butterfly Effect.  It was not long waiting, as we brought the tiks to a show 15 minutes later. Not many cats are watching it, so we meowed a lot of tiks. Yes! We went in and sat down. Oh yes!! They are showing Harry Potter's trailer!! POA's trailer is so nice, even though I have it in my computer. Heh Heh! Okay. Onto the movie. The Chaos Theory is so true. Every little actions can affect the future dramatically. I didn't catch onto the story until like the middle of the show, when I finally understood how he use his power to change his life. Wow! A great movie! At the end, WQ said he wanted Ashton's power (Ashton Kutcher plays Evan...great actor!). Hmmm. It would be cool yeah, but like what Evan's father said, it is too dangerous. Yes!!   After that, we walked down. Hmmm. I wanna accompany WQ wait for his brother, so Gloria walked back with CQ and Joyce. Yes, me, KS, WQ and TZ (who joined KS to accompany WQ)n walked around till WQ's brother came. Hmm. I saw Wendy walking with KL. I waved hello. However, my eyebrows were raised high and eyes wide open. Yeah. After his brother and father came, I went home lor.  I went home, bathed, came online (left computer on) and ate dinner. HaHa. I was quite slow today, because I was reading Rice Bowl. After dinner, I surfed some Internet and went to watch my show. I am online now, tada!  Okay. What was I about to write? Oh yes. HAHAHA! Today, Ji messaged "Am I good to you? HaHa!" When I was reading that, I laughed out real loud, and WQ called me siao. It placed a big smile on my face. I can't say why CQ messaged that, but meow moo! CQ one of my most treasured friends. He is always there for me...and I appreciate that a lot. Hmm. He has very different perspective on the issue, unlike Amanda and Wendy. What he said made a lot of sense too. Yeah...so there I am. Stuck in a knot of what to do next. Heh Heh. His words gave me something to think about. HaHa! :D  Hmmm. Oh yes. Today, I heard something I thought would never be played out in radio. Jamie read a message from a guy to another guy "I love you". She commented "I know you will find it strange that a guy telling another guy 'I love you', but I don't think I am supposed to comment on that, so I won't." The song dedication is "Fuck It (I Don't Want You Back)" by Eamon. Yeah, I find it very strange. Why would someone dedicate Fuck It to someone they love? I would dedicate songs like "Truly Madly Deeply" or "One Love" or "You Make Me Wanna". Hmmm!!   Okay. I gotta go now. See ya tomorrow. Night blog! 
    


	 
      Hey Hey! Even ducks meowed!  Okie. I woke up at 8 something. Hmm. After bathing, I came online and meowed. After that, I ate my breakfast, which is mee rebus. Even mee rebus meowed at the ducks! Yes! Hmmm. After that, I went to watch HZGG!! What meowfulness!!! What daring!! Even Lady Ling is so noble! How I admire her so! Yes! Qing'er is meowing too!! Meow moo meow!! Of course, I left my computer online all these while.  Hmm. I came back for awhile, then went off to eat lunch, which is porridge. Yummy carrot-and-fishballs porridge!! Yes! Is it meowful? Very! I read my borrowed book, Meet Me On The QE2. I just love Catherine Lim's fantastique usage of the English language! Her words flow smoothly...such wonders! If I wasn't infringing copyright laws, I would post some of the text here. Oh well. (Oh my my. I completely digressed. Did I? Maybe.... Hmm!)  After lunch, I went online to play GunBound with WQ. We played from 1 something till 3. I was quite sian by of playing so many meowing games. Yes! I went online to chat with XC and WQ came to chat too. Mother then returned from the library and brought back egg tarts!! Yummy egg tarts!! Yes! After that, Ji came online. How meowful! We chatted and meowed! Yes! It was a very meowing expetrience. Wendy then came online, but for awhile. After surfing the net, I went to bath lor.  Hmmm. After bathing was dinner. Very meowing! I read more QE2 stories, then came online to meow at the cats! Yes! Meow meow meow. Actually, as I am writing this, all of them are away. Sigh. They Online=Not Being Online. Even the lonely cat cries of boredom. Yes!!   Okay. Yay! Mother made han yang tao fu. I dunnoe the English translation, but it's a very nice desert!! Yes!! Hmmm! Even ducks meow!  Okay. I gotta end this blog entry le. See ya tomorrow. Night blog!
    


	 
      Hey Hey! What a meowing day! Meow moo!  Hmmm. Today was rushing, at least in the morning. I woek up at 8, bathed till 8.45 and came online for a bit, because I won't be able to later on. I logged off at 9 to watch Digimon and meow at my breakfast. Hmmm. At 10, I came online, because they are showing the Pokemon Special, which I watched already.  Anyway, what a surprise! Janet called and told me all the cats are at RSS already (except Janet, me, WQ and CQ). AHHH! CQ said he will go with his family...so I am meeting WQ at 11.30. Very extremely rushing!  At the 913 busstop, I saw KentKent and we decided to go to meet WQ. Okie...we met WQ, who was rushing to catch the 962 bus. Heh Heh. I read my book in the bus. How meowful! When we are approaching the school, we can see it's very busy! Surprise surprise! (OH OH!! Parent Trap is showing! My favorite movie of all times!!)  Hmmm. It was quite crowded, yes. Very. We went to find SL and gang in the canteen. Hmm. Me and WQ went to walk around. Honestly speaking, I wasn't really awed by what I saw. Nothing really excites me. Well, 'cept for the Huanted House. Nobody wants to go in there, so didn't go in the end lor.   Janet and YC came, and all of us decided to walk around to spend our coupons. Hmm. There wasn't much to spend on. Hmm. Me and WQ went to the canteen. We brought drinks (watermelon juice, which is very little) for $3. Then, WQ brought two chicken wings and we found a table to eat. They were so piping hot WQ couldn't hold them for long. OOO!   SL and PY joined us after a short while. Hmm. I brought fries to share with the three cats. Even ducks ate fries! Yes!! Hmmm. More cats joined us. One of them is KH. I am not exactly KH-tolerant. Hmmmm..  We went to walk around some more lor. HaHa. We brought fishballs from Hildir's stall. Yes yes. Hmmm. After which, we all decided to go play pool. Hmm. With KH around. Hmp. We took 962 to Causeway Point. Yes. Even ducks are meowing when I read my book. I was squished to meowing death by a woman who refused to move even when there's space!!! MEOW MOO MEOW!!  Okay. They played pool. Me and WQ didn't. I read my book. Yes! Even books are fantastic. Meow moo meow. They played for about 2 hours there. Brrr! I feel so cold! Ducks are meowing out of lousy music! Yes yes.  After that, we went to Mac to eat dinner. Luckily KH didn't follow us. Anyway, something terrible happened. You see ar....I got to order 3 sets of McNuggets Meal and HL ordered a regular Coke. Okay. Somehow, the counter staff didn't compute my order for another Coke. HL drank my share of Coke... I got kinda annoyed. However, I was just about to buy another one when THAT Gloria snatched away the $2 note forcefully from me and said "I go buy...gimme!". I was fuming mad and I glared after her. I HATE it when people does that to me. I CAN buy for myself de lor. It's like her saying I am very incompetent at doing these sort of things. Come on lor. I was only mildly annoyed at HL. She doesn't have to show that she's very good at solving problems. I HATE people doing that. ! I sat down and growled. HL thought I was angry at her. WQ knew otherwise. (Heh Heh) HL, nope, I am not angry at you. Word of advice: DON'T EVER DO THAT TO ME. Finally. I let my anger out. I feel so shuang. I am sick of being nice. Releashing your anger is a very good thing after all.  Okay. After that, we went home. Me, KK, Janet and Gloria walked home. We passed through blocks. Hm. I came home to find my brother eating and his friend using his computer to play games. Oh i meow! Mother has gone to work, even though today was supposed to be her off day. Hmm. Must ask what happened later. Meowing moo!     I bathed, then came online. I was majorly distracted by The Parents Trap showing on Channel 5!! My favorite movie of all times! How meowful! Even after watching a lot of times (I got the VCD), it still manage to touch me! The storyline's beautiful! Meow moo meow!!  Okay. I think I end this blog le. See ya tomorrow. Night blog!
    


	 
      Meow moo meow!!   Okie. Today morning was mooful. Hmm. I woke up at 8.30 to a deary morning. I bathed, and came online lor. I chatted with WQ the ducky cat. I ate duck porridge for breakfast, then watched meowing cartoons to meow. Yes. Even Pokemons meowed at Unown! At 11, I went offline and started preparing to go out.  Hmm. I met Gloria and HL at 11.15 at the bus-meowing-stop and we took the bus to the basketball court near WQ's place. Hmm. I saw CQ, KS, PY and GaoLuan there (GL was there? O.O). HaHa. I brought the gas pump to pump CQ's basketball. Hmmm. By the way, I didn't say I need people to carry. It was heavy, but I can deal with it. Hmp. Oh yes, WQ visited us before going to the IT Show. Hmmm. Coolies.  We started playing lor. Hmm. GL was counting the score. We were kinda uneasy with that, because we don't even play that seriously. Hmm. Whatever lor. After a while, we took a break. The rest went to buy water, while me and CQ stayed behind to meow. We meowed and meowed and meowed. Ergh. Things were left untold. Yes!! Even ducks mooed. They came back and we played some more. We played till 2 something lor. Yes yes.  Okay. After that, we went to Causeway Point to eat lor. KS changed clothes, Joyce brought some medicine thingy, KS brought newspaper. We met GL and went up to the foodcourt to eat. We chose the long table thingy and I sat at the head, so I appointed myself zhu xi (CEO). Yes! Even the zhu xi meowed. I ate mian feng guo. Even the zhu xi was impreched at the end of the day because he didn't treat his staff to lunch and pool. How meowful is that? Very!  Yep. We went pooling. We met ThongZhen, John and Kenny there. Hmm. We played pool!! O.O! WQ joined us later. Apparently, he has a bad experience at the IT Show. I think it has something to do with not subscribing to StarHub's broadband service. Oh well. He refused to tell me anything though. Meow moo meow! We played and meowed till 4 something.  Hmmm. After that, the rest went home while me, Joyce, WQ and KS went to the library. Joyce wanted to borrow book, and since I am bookless at the moment, I might as well borrow some. Even ducks borrowed three books. I hope to own the "Meet Me On The QE2" someday! A classic!  After that, we went to the pasar malam, only for a short while though. We decided to go back. Hmm. I accompanied WQ, Joyce and KS to take 911. HaHa. I got slapped for telling WQ it is bad luck to walk besides a funeral. HAHAHAHA! You!! I got down at the next stop with Joyce and walked to her house. We meowed a lot of things. Anyway, I took the train home and then took 913 home. HaHa. Wastage of moolah. :P I like wasting moolah! :D  Coming back, I bathed, went online for awhile, then went off to eat and meowed at my show. Even the show is meowful!!! Yes! After eating, I came back online. Meow moo!! Where are the cats!! We are supposed to discuss the time of meeting tomorrow! As meowing ducks, they should be punctual!  Okay. I think I end off this blog. See ya tomorrow! Night blog!
    


	 
      Hey Hey! Ya, I am blogging early. Later at night, I will be busy watching TV with only a 30-minute break, so no time to meow at blogs.  Oh yes, today....  Fuck. Consider today's blog entry non-existant. I have totally NO mood to blog. I feel terribly lousy at the moment. I can't convey my emotions properly.....  Actually, I wanna pour out what's inside me.... I just...can't find the right words. Okay okay...I say what's troubling me. You see ar...on the train back to Woodlands, I suffered incessant teasing from WQ.   HA! You all think I let that get to my head. Yeah...I am weak. I can't take insults... Words do hurt. A lot. I don't really blame WQ. You see, I was the one who started this lor. I called him names first, and his need to "shoot back" caused all that insulting. Yeah....can say I am huogai la. Stil...the words do hurt a lot. I've let all that get into my head.... I think I know what will be Amanda's and Wendy's reaction. They will shake their heads and go "you are hopeless". Or something along that line. Oh well.   See ya tomorrow. Bye blog. 
    


	 
      Hey hey! Meow moo meow!  Hmm. You might have noticed that the past two days, I had weird dreams. Hmm. I had no weird dreams today. Even if I did, I didn't remember. Hmm. I woke up at 8.30, bathed and meowed online. Mother went to buy breakfast. Oh yes, I called WQ up. If I never called him up, I would be stuck there for hours! Hmm. I ate chee cheong fun, and then meowed online. At 10+, I went off to prepare to go out.  Yeah. I reached Woodlands Interchange, followed by WQ. We are going to this IT Fair at Suntec City. We ate lunch at LJS first. Even ducks meowed at LJS! Okay okay. After meowing and mooing at Combo 1, we took the train to City Hall. HaHa. This time, we didn't listen to the Discman. We talked and talked. I forgot what we talked about, but we meowed. :P  Okay. We alighted at City Hall and walked the long long walkway towards Suntec. Hmm. We have to ride up lotsa escalators to go up there. There were a lot of cats trying to give us pampleths and brochures. Ayioh...meowingly meow meow!  That IT Fair was kinda crowded, but walkable. Hmm. WQ's friend is working there, s we are paying him a visit later. WQ's coming there to look at new PC models. Hmmm. We walked round and round, WQ grabbed pamphlets off counters. HaHa. Hmm. When we were about to leave, we were watching cats play Need For Speed Underground (winner wins something big). HaHa. All the players are so lousy. Even we can win them! As XC would say: "Disgrace to human beings!". HaHa. Actually, WQ can win them better than I do. He's expert at this game man! Even ducks meow!   Okay. We left the thing and went to Carrefour lor. Hmm. I listened to Britney's CD and meowed at it. We walked around...walk walk walk. Then, we decided to go back to the MRT le. My legs were super tired.   On the way to the MRT, we went into MPH. HaHa. We were kinda engrossed into the books. Actually, WQ was reading the magazines while I was reading New Age books. After meowing and mooing at MPH, we went home lor. HaHa. Hmmm. On the way home, I learned lotsa things. If you count them reliable, that is. Heh. Even ducks meowed. I wanted to visit Wendy, but she's stock-taking, so cannot go disturb her. For the last time, Koo Wen Qiang, I don't like Wendy. Neither CQ, Amanda or Joyce. So there.   I came home, bathed and meowed online. Professor Snapeluva gave us a word puzzle! It is bascially find words out of "Shrivelfig". HaHa. I found 56 words, which means I can get 5 Galleons. YaY!   We went for dinner at 6+. Ayioh. At my kueh chap, they put those onions thingys!! ERGH!!! They said "Ayiah...make the soup more nice". I made a face. Next time, I should say "I am allegric to onions". See if they dare to put or not. Meow moo meow!!     I came back and meowingly came online. Tomorrow, me and WQ are going to the Creative Warehouse Sale. Hmm. The cats say they are going to the SHE show tomorrow. Frankly speaking, I don't really feel like going. It's up to WQ tomorrow lor, see if he wanna go after the sale. Hmm. Yeah. Up to WQ meowing cat. Yes.   Okay. I gotta get going. See ya tomorrow. Night blog!
    


	 
      Meow moo meow meow meow.  Hmmm. I dreamt another weird dream today. Well. Joyce was turned into a monster, and there was me, WQ and XC fighting her, FFX-style. Yeah. HaHa. Anopter weird dream. In that dream, I received a very loud message. It was very clear, deepa dn set. It seems like I have been told the truth. I could have been wrong, but this message is much more clearer than the dream itself. I even found myself muttering it.... Then I woke up la. Even ducks meowed.  Okay. I bathed then went downstairs to buy 8 Days. I was supposed to go 883 with Mother today, because I woke up late, my Mother went herself. Meow! Even 8 Days are meowing and mooing at the cats and ducks of the Meowing Land. I ate chee cheong fun, then went online somemore. I also went down (again) to buy a bowl noodle for myself. Long time never eat that le.   Hmm. Amanda came online, followed by WQ. Amanda's so sweet and touching. Thanks so much for caring! Lova ya too! Wendy too, you are a dear. No no people. Don't get mistaken. They are my very very dear close friends. Meow! :P Okie. Meow mooo. I ate my lunch, and stayed online till 2+. I prepared to go play badminton.  Ayioh!! How meowful!! CQ called me and tell me that the rest are gonna be meowingly late! Meow moo! I was there waiting for ducks and cats to come. I called WQ, buit he ain't coming. Soon, CQ came at 3.20+. How meowful!  We booked the court first. Hmm. At 3.45, we started playing lor. Play play play. The rest (Joyce, HL and Gloira) joined us later. We meowed more. HL's hand turned black from using my racket and I developed a blister on my middle finger. Ergh! We then sat down and meowed. I told Ji about my dream about me and him. I find Gloria very chao. No offense to her, but she interrupts my account with her own comments, which I don't find very nice. As a Wiccan, I was offended being called a "demon"! Destroyed the momentum! We talked some more, and at 6, we went home.   Hmm. We walked towards Marsiling MRT, where we met WQ's mother. We exchanged a few greetings and went on our way. Hmm. I took the train and alighted at Woodlands. I have no mood to walk back home. So tired and hungry! Meow moo!  I reached home, bathed, ate and came online meowingly. Hmmm. Meow meow!   Okay. I think I end le. Sorry for rushing so much, but AI is showing. I wanna root for Matthew Metzger and Katie Webber! Even ducks are meowing!! Meow meow moo!  
    


	 
      I AM FREAKING OUT! I CAN'T TAKE IT! I am freaking out....
    


	 
      Meow moo meow...  Well. What did ya know? Lotsa things happened. I was chatting with Amanda and WQ, when WQ sent me the questionaire email thingy. Hmmm. I replied. I was feeling terribly crappy, idiotic and stupid when I was answering that thing. I slept at 1.  Well. I didn't exactly have a nice sleep. I keep waking up in between, ya know. The stupid feelings of mine. I quickly went back to sleep lor. I remembered a very weird and scary dream. Okay. Me and Ah Ji was at AMK Ave 5. The hawker centre. It was in the very very early morning. I was introducing Ah Ji to the black chicken and ku meen stalls (they were close to each other) when suddenly, we were pulled into the Underworld. We came out after a while, then we remembered we lost something there and wanted to go back in. We were about to, when a gui chai (ghost police) came and warned us, tell us not to go back or we will end up like him. After he left, 5 ghosts appeared, holding the 5 things we lost! I remembered a businessman and an middleage lady. They said they will return them to us if we save them from hell. We ran and shouted "HELP! GUI CHAI!!!". The ghosts ran away upon hearing the name, but soon found us. It was almost dawn. A yellow ghost appeared. Ji said that it was the gui chai, and if we found out its three elements, he would appear to save us. A gold coin appeared and we found out that two of the elements are "gold" and "metal". The businessman suddenly attacked me, and I was like suddenly holding a sword. We were fighting (I remind mysel fo Auron), then Mother woke me up. Meow moo! I must ask Wendy to check the significance of "ghosts" in dreams. I bet it is nothing good. Meow moo!  Hmmm. I was bathing then this Shop N Save cat called. Ayiah. It was Lao Ma Zi wanting my mother to buy coffee for her. Meow! HMmm. I ate roti prata for breakfast. Anyway, I finally managed to download Bo Si Mao's MTV!! YAY! Even ducks meowed at the MTV!!! Meow meow meow!   Hmmm. In the afternoon, I meowed at the mian. Okay. WQ came online, so did a whole bunch of cats including CQ. We were planning to go out, but in the end, due to severe lack of participation and enthusiam, we didn't. Hmm. We (me, WQ, KS and KK) played GunBound. Hmm. We keep switching partners, so each of us played with the each other once. I stopped playing at 4..got sian le. I meowed online...meow meow meow, then went off to bath.  After that,I played FFX, much to the chagrin of my father, who shouted at 7.30 that I shouldn't play FFX and should eat. Hmp. I don't appreciate being shouted at. Meow!!! After that, I went online, watched the sitcoms and meowed online again.  Frankly, for the whole of today, I was feeling quite lousy. Very very lousy. Butterflies keep fluttering in my stomach for some unknown reason. I hardly cheered up at all (oh..I did smile when I win at GB). Sigh. If I go on like this, I will most likely get depressed. ....  Sigh. I gotta go. See ya tomorrow. Night blog! 
    


	 
      Hey Hey! What a rainy rainy rainy day! Brrr!  Hmmm. Today, I was meowing in the morning. HaHa. I went out to eat breakfast with Wendy. Hmmm. It turns out she woke up at 2.30 (such ungodly hours! and she said I was lazy! Heh! You siow zha bo! :P) HaHa. We went to 768's MacDonalds to meow at the Big Breakfast. Wendy treated me, meow moo. We sat there and talked and talked. I don't wanna go back till 11.30, when my parents are out. HaHa. We talked lor. Talk talk talk. Even Wendy's analysis made sense (oh my god, I forgot what analysis that was! I only remembered it was good. I was thinking about it during bathing. Hmmm!). Meow moo!  Hmmm. I came back at 11.30. Shucks. I didn't avoid my mother after all. Hmmm. She cooked noodles and she went out. I meowed with WQ online. I asked him to come Wendy's house to play MahJong (I am going there at 1). He at first agreed, then he said he don't want to come because it is raining. Meow!!! Qi shu lin!  I got over there earlier than Wendy. I meowed at Lassie and watched Oprah till Wendy and KL came back. Me and Auntie set up the table and tiles first. We mooed and meowed at the mahjong. HaHa. I only managed to Hu twice!! Even ducks meow at me! At one time, I was super super blur. I was smsing WQ announcing my first win, then I think that my handphone was not vibrating, so I sent an SMS to myself. HaHa. I didn't caught on to a lot of happenings. I think I pissed KaiLun off. He kinda snapped at me once. Meow moo!  At 4, KL left to go sleep. Hmm. I read Wendy's W.I.T.C.H. comic book. Oh my my! Their powers developed! So jealous! I want elemental powers to meow and moo! Actually, nah. I may end up abusing them. It is nice to have them, however. Wendy played her FFX. She's inside Sin. Hmm. The enemies are quite tough. Oh well. They are like bosses to me.at this stage of my game la. Even ducks are meowing. Hmm.. I played some too. I tried to fight Dark Bahamut, but I ended up getting killed! Meow moo! One swipe of Energy Ray and...bam! All the cats are killed! Meow moo moo!  Hmm..at 6, I went home while Wendy and her mom went to 888 to eat dinner. I went back, bathed and meowed at the roasted duck. Hmm..I came online and just finished supper.   Quack moo meow! Okay. I dunnoe what to add le, so I think I stop blogging. See ya tomorrow. Night blog!
    


	 
      Hey hey meow moo! Today is a special day!! Before I start offically meowing, I would like wish Wen Qiang, Yit Hann and XiaoXi a very happy birthday!   Okay. Now to the meowing part. Hmm. Today early early morning, I was chatting with Manda. Long time never chat with her le. I can say I really enjoyed myself. HaHa. I am quite amazed with Amanda's analysis. It makes a whole lot of sense, really. I could have NEVER thought out of that. Heh Heh Heh. Meow meow!  I woke up at 8+, took a very quick bath and watched my TV. I ate chee cheong fun. At 11, I didn't come online as usual because I want to watch HZGG. Such anxiety! Such a daring escape! Even ducks were meowing! After lunch and HZGG, I came online at 1.  Hmm. What did I do? I spent he whole day downloading a MTV, Beyonce's Me, Myself and I. Darn! I can't find Bo Si Mao's MTV. So hard to find de. XC told me it was because the MTV is not releashed yet. So meow! I can't even get into Kazaa, some error (again!). Sigh. I meowed online till 5, when I go out to bvuy dinner.  Well, I brought dinner. Fried rice for me brother, chicken rice for moi. Ywah. I came back, ate while watching Unbeatables III. After that, I went to bath and came online lor. How meowful!!   Ayiah. I dunnoe what to write. I am going to Ikea with Wendy tomorrow, but it all depends on her mood, I guess. She just now told me maybe she's not in the mood to go. Hmm...have to see first. I don't think I wanna go PJ. The thought of  it  drives me crazy. So, nah-ah to going PJ.   Oh well. I am going to end this entry le. See ya tomorrow. Night blog!
    


	 
      Meow moo meow!!  Hey Hey! Even the mornings meowed at ya. Hmm.  woke up at 8.30, bathed, came online for awhile. Mother brought back breakfast (duck porridge) and I watched TV till 11. Meow moo meow!  At 11, I started preparing to go out to celebrate WQ's birthday (which is a day early). How meowful! I was kinda late, because I forgot to bring out WQ's prezzie out of the house and have to rush back. Heh Heh. I met KK in the busstop and we went there together. CQ, KS, HL and Gloria all got on the same bus at Woodlands Interchange.   We met WQ there. He went up to put the cake in his fridge and I also went up to put his prezzie. We went down and finds lots more cats have arrived, like PY and YC. Hmmm. Janet arrived later. We played and played basketball till 1+. HaHa. I had so many accidents. Meow moo! Now PY is my ke xin. :P I had fun. Meow moo meow!!  After that, we went up to WQ's house to eat cake and meow. WQ don't get offended ar, but the way his grandmother 'scolds' him is really really funny. Nah, don't quote her la, don't wanna embarass WQ. I laughed and laughed, and we laughed and laughed. It must be real embarassing for him. Anyway, that's not the focal point. Heh Heh.   WQ ordered pizza for us. Of course, I had it as Hawaiian. No way I am eating other types. :P While waiting for the pizza to arrive, we meowed and listened to songs on WQ's computer. When it arrived, WQ's mother and grandma cooked fried beehoon and fries for us. OOO! After some pushing, everyone starts eating. How meowful. Hmm...after eating, we rest for awhile before doing the b-dae celebrations. Oh yes, PY left earlier.  Well, after some while, we finally get to eat the meowing mango cake. HaHa. I wonder what wish WQ made. I wanna know. :P Anyways, we ate the meowing cat. Gloria cut the cake and presented it to WQ. Hmm. She gave me a slice and put it on a tissue paper. I said i don't want (I already said I don't want any cake on a tissue paper, i can't stand it). Meow meow meow. After meowing at the cake, WQ opened his prezzie. He was surprised and shocked. He didn't expect to get the present. He even forgot he told me he liked it. HAHA! He likes it, so I am very happy. We are happy. :D  Hmm. We played his PS2. Janet, KK, Gloria and HL left, leaving only me, CQ and KS. We played Sonic Heroes and Street Fighters. HaHa. We have to wait for a while to go off, because I want to use the toiet, but WQ's mother is bathing. HaHa. I get to use the toilet at 5.40+. Meow moo!   We left soon after. CQ walked back home, and ME and KS took 911E to Woodlands Interchange. I took 913 (very crowded) back home. I went back, bathed, watched TV and ate dinner.   I then came online. Just now, I mopped the kitchen floor and my father is "supervising". Honestly! I will never mop the kitchen floor as long as he is there again! All he does was critisize how I mop the floor. My way works just fine! Hmmmpp! I downloaded two SHE songs from WQ and is now downloading the Bo Shi Mao MTV. I wanna learn how to dance the chorus. Anyways, I was playing back all the SHE songs I have and the one which struck out is Lian Ren Wei Man. Such a beautiful song. I love it very much! :)  Hmm. I think I end this blog le. I enjoyed today. See ya tomorrow. Night blog!
    


	 
      Hey hey! Even ducks meow at you!  Hmm. Today morning was a bit of a drag. What did I do? Honestly, I forgot. I woke up at 7 today, because Mother's going out and all. XC smsed me at 8, with intentions to wake me up. XC must realize that I only switch on my handphone after I bathed, which by then, would be useless to send me wake up SMSes. :P I chatted and meowed online lor. I got so many things to do! Oh yes. Even ducks must come up with a list of ranks for their own Departments.   Anyhoo, I cooked instant noodles for lunch and meowed at it. Hmm, I was chatting wtih Prof Snapeluva when she said there's a chat transcript of JK's chat. Oh my my. She revealed a lot, didn't she? HaHa. Harry's not gonna die and there's no such thing as Hermione and Draco being together. How meowful!! Meow moo meow!  Hmmm. At 1, I met CQ. We are going to buy WQ's present. Hmm. I orignally lied to WQ that I was playing FFX. Oh well. I can't say where did we go, or else it would be too obvious what the present is. We brought the prezzie. I paid for the prezzie first, so the rest owe me some meowing money. Hmm. I am also bringing the present back home. It's such a mooing view. After prezzie buying, CQ went to eat at LJS. Ahh, WQ, if you are really curious, you can check out all the LJS stores' location. You will get your answer somehow. :P   Hmm. After that, we met Gloria and discusedd the plans for tomorrow. It was decided we are going to play basketball and/or badmintion. Yes. How meowful! After that, we went home lor.  Hmmm. Nothing to write. I reached home, bathed, came online and waiting for dinner to be cooked. Oh yes. You must be wondering why I am blogging so early. Well, I got nothing to do ma, so blog lor. Anyway, later at night, I am trying to do my MNI work. A lot to meow at!   Okay. I go liao. See ya tomorrow. Night blog (or rather, evening. Whatever la.)! 
    


	 
      Heya! Meow moo moo!  Hmm. Today morning was quite meowing. Hmm. I woke up at 8+, bathed and meowed online while Mother went to buy my breakfast. HaHa. Mother came back with chee cheong fun and I meowed at them. After that, I went to watch HZGG (taped from Sunday). Even Xiang Fei came back from the dead! How reviving! Meow moo meow!   After watching the touching HZGG, I went online, ate my lunch and went to play FFX. Can you believe that WQ was still sleeping until 12+? Meow.  Oh. I defeated that idiotic Seymour!! YAY!! I finally won him! That idiot double-casting freaky mage! Luckily Nuled every magic just in time! Even ducks can win him. I also defeated the Wendigo. How meowful. That was today early morning, when I played till 2am. HaHa. Today I just walked here and there to the Home of Al Bhed. I saved. Heh Heh. Even ducks used Fira on plants.  Okie. After playing FFX, I came online and meowed at XC and WQ. Meow moo meow! Okay. At 6, I went off to bath, then eat dinner. I came back online at 7.30. Ducks may meow and cats mat quack, but you can't stop penguins suciding.   Okie. I gotta go le. See ya tomorrow. Night blog!
    


	 
      Meow meow moo meow!  Hmm. Today early morning, I was still up, chatting with that WQ. Okay, maybe I shouldn't say 'that'. Oh meow. Anyway, I was so  bored  that I decided to write a poem. I'll post it down below later, yeah?   Hmm. I woke up quite early (8) today morning to go to 883 with Mother. I ate the fried mian with guo tiao. I just reminded myself why I hate that type of food. Garlic, big pieces, are abound! Horrors! After eating, we brought 8 Days and went to Shop N Save. Oh. A slight mistake in my report yesterday. The thief is a female. Heh. They meowed and meowed. After meowing a lot and buying some snacks, we went home and reached home by 10.   Moo meow moo. Hmm.I am supposed to print the verification slips for Ji and WQ. I'll do it later. This hour is to meow at the cats online and wait for Father to return so we can visit MaMa. HaHa. I forgot to switch on my phone, and when I did, I got a surprise. One from KS, one from CQ and four from XC the very bored. Meow moo meow!!!   Hmm. Dad returned at 11 and we went there lor. HaHa. Today's sticker color is brown. I must organize a color sticker competition! We've got Green, Purple, White and Brown so far. Calling out to all the cats and ducks and whatnot who read my blog, please cast your vote NOW! Fantastic prizes could be won! Okay, who am I kidding? At least ducks will meow! We are joined by Dai Gu Ma and Yee Pak Pak (Fei Chui's father).  Anyhoo, on to MaMa. Hmm. Her leg's been cut. What can I say? She's more fiesty and lively. Before the operation, when she rejects food, she goes "hmmm moi (don't want) hmmm moi" wearily. Now, she goes "Hmm Moi!" with a sharp crisp tone. She complained more. Last time, she barely mutters a thing. That's good I suppose. Fei Chui came to visit. I was beginning to fell that I like MaMa better when she's not complaining when MaMa became funny. She said she dreamt of her dying and being cremated being wrapped up (like what the ducks did to SARS patient), to which we laughed. She then asked me and Felicia (who is also Fei Chui, by the way) if we are dating ("yao mou pak tour?"), to which everyone laughed (except me and Felicia. Ergh). She at first mistook me for some Ah Meng, which I felt totally insulted. Meow moo meow! Anyhoo, we left at 1.   Hmm. We went to AMK Ave 5 to eat the black chicken rice. YAY! It opened. Ahhh! The heavenly mouth-watering, saliva-inducing chicken and the rice! Meow moo meow!! After that, we went to the NTUC nearby to buy oranges. Meow moo meow!   Okie. Returning home, I made plans to meet WQ they all in Woodlands Stadium to play badminton. Father brought me there. Heh Heh. There's only WQ, CQ, KS and HM. After a while, SL, YC, HL, Gloria, KentKent and Joyce came. Meow meow!! We played till 4. By then, me, KS, WQ, CQ, Gloria, HM, KK, KS and HL decided to go to the McDonalds at Marsiling. We went there and chat. I looked at HL's Bio notes. Wow. That's all I can say. Wow.   Okie opkie. That being done, we decided to go back. KK and I walked back from from Woodlands. Long time never walk that road le. Heh Heh. Hmm. I reached home, bathed and went online to wait for mah dinner. Fried rice was here, nice.   O.O! The new Shell catalogue is brimming with goodies! I want that Panasonic Discman (that can play MP3s, have remote...blah blah. That's worth 4800 points though. How meowful! Oh. DGM called. I always have a bad feeling whenever she calls. It's like she is a bringer of bad news or something. No offense ot her, but that's what I always felt. Anyway, MaMa has been transferred to Ward 9, in the 9th floor. Hmm. Dunnoe which bed though. Meow.  Oh well. I gotta get going. See ya tomorrow. Night blog! Oh yes yes. My poem. Enjoy!      As a duck, I should meow. Should I really? The puzzle lies, Confusingly.  Meowingly, You tell me. Should I, Or should I not?  In a turmoil, My head spinning, My heart beating, Utter pandemonium!  Closing my eye, I hardly care more. Fate decides, My fate. 
    


	 
      Hey Hey! Meow moo meow!!  Hmm. Today morning is quite unexciting, so I will not meow too much on that. I ate roti prata for breakfast. How meowful! Hmmmm. I went online to meow at my friends.  Hmmm. At 11.30, we met to go to Orchard. HaHa. They want to walk around. Joyce, PY and KS were at PJ consulting teacher cats, so me, WQ, CQ and HM went ahead to Orchard first. So meowful. We went into Popular to wait for them to come. How meow meow.   They came after some time (I don't know how much time elapsed. I am too busy reading Sabrina. Heh). Some cats wanted to go eat Sakae Sushi in Orchard, but majority of us want to eat that in Causeway Point. Dinner hour is at 3, so we got lotsa time to spend in Orchard. We went to HMV at the Heeren to look at some CDS. I listened to Beyonce's Dangerously In Love, and I absolutely fell in love with it! I want her CD, along with Dido's and Evanescence's. Meow!! They went to the arcade to play some meowing games, then we went back to Causeway Point.  Hmmm. Sakae was meowing. So much Jap food. I hate the Miso Soup, but I like the egg-thingy. So sumptous! Hmm. I ate until quite full le. Hoyce's brother, James, joined ua halfway. Meow moo. It was a real tight squeeze. Squeezy squeze. Even the watermelons and the sushi meowed at the ducks.   After that, we walked down. We met that KH halfway. I then rushed off to meet Wendy, just muttering a hasty "bye". Actually, I didn't go to talk with Wendy just to avoid him. I originally made plans with her already ma. I went there to talk, sometimes with Ayu. Meow moo meow! We chatted till 7+, when I have to go back home to watch TV.   Hmmm. I came back home, bathed, watched TV and came online. I registered my JAE le. I put PJ Sci, YJ Sci, YJ Arts and PJ Arts, in that order. Yeah. Only these 4. With my 12 points, I am sure to get into PJ de lor. If not PJ, then YJ. Meow moo! Even ducks will agree.   HaHa. My mother just helped catch a thief at Shop N Save. She saw him taking a plastic bag off Counter 4 (empty tonight) and going towards the bird nest section. She alerted Pek Chu, who alerted Vincent. They saw him taking 2 boxes of bird nest, then jia jia look at the batteries, then went out. Woah. PC and Vincent chased after him. HaHa. They managed to catch him (and lotsa cats were watching). They let him go in the end (bird nest taken back of course). Hmm. Mother reckons that PC is gonna get scolding for letting that guy go. Hmm.   Oh well. I gotta get going. See ya tomorrow. Night blog!
    


	 
      Heya! Meow moo!  Hmmm. Today morning was spent watch the Oscars! My very first Oscars. I mean, watching the whole thing live. What a meowing show! The host, Billy Crystal, is terribly funny! HAHAHA! Hmmm...The LOTR: ROTK dominated the whole Oscars awards. I mean, winning all 11 nominations! By the 5th win, I got so bored at ROTK's monopoly of the award show. Heh. Even Billy Crystal was meowing at Oprah! Heh Heh Heh. Of course, I was online too. I keep running here and there during commercials. :)  Hmm. Mother brought lunch back home (she went cousin-visitng). Hmm. Such delicious BBQ chicken from Admiralty Place. Moo! After the Academy Awards, I went online and then went out lor. Actually, I was kinda late because I was choosing my t-shirt. So little selection!! Anyway, HM was there only.  HaHa. Did I mentioned that Mrs Chew called me in the morning? She accidentally called mah father and she said "wrong number" when she realized that it was not me on the line. HAHA! She told me she's only free on 2.30. Heh. We waited till 2.30 for all the cats (quite a whole lot) to arrive. Meow moo.  Hmm. HaHa. A teacher came and bring Mrs Chew down. HaHa! Chew!! The first thing she asked is our science grades. She was rather pleased with us, most of us got As. :D Hmm. She treated us all to drinks. Coolies! We chatted a lot, about her school (EVG is kinda hard...she had to shout at the lower sec...oh my. Naughty kidlets), about us. HaHa. I passed XC's message to her "tell her meow and say thank you". HAHA! She said "oh! I got so many meows!". What a fun teacher! We chatted till about 3+, when she has to do her work. Me and KentKent went home.  Hmm. I went home, bathed and came online. Ayiah..I was deciding whether or not to put Poly courses in my choices, ya know, to be my safety net. XC told me to just put PJ and YJ. 12 points sure get into PJ de. HaHa. Yeah. Only these choices. Tomorrow register. Heh Heh. Wendy invited me to play MahJong, but I didn't go in the end. Father don't allow. Sigh.   At 6, we went for dinner. Dad wanted to tell me MaMa's leg was amputated today. He used the Cantonese for cut, "Kort". I heard it as "kquack", which means died in Cantonese. I was like "Oh my god! Oh my god!" My father was like "Why are you freaking out over the leg being cut?" I felt so embarassed I misheard a word. Heh. Anyway, I meowed at my dinner.  I came back and went online lor. Hmm. What do I have to add? Er...nothing? Then I go off le. Heh. I am rewatching the Oscars, mainly see Billy Crystal's hosting. Heh Heh. Funny guy. Okie. See ya tomorrow. Night blog! 
    


	 
      Heya!! Heh Heh. I didn't blog for so many days!! HaHa!  Okie. Wednesday. What happened? Er. Oh yes! We got smart casual day. HaHa! I wore my zipper shirt and pants. My blak-graying pants was thrown out, due to a hole present! AHH! My favorite pants! Anyhoo, at the concert thingy later on, my dedication was read out. So embarassing. I even have to go down to receive a poster. Ayiah! That CQ la! Made me dedicate...HaHa! The performance was great, yep! :) It rained while the thee of were walking home. Ayioh! So sucky! So big some more.  Okay. Thursday. Hmm. Okay. Yesterday's Chem Practical is a SPA test for me. HaHa! I got several techniques wrong. Ayiah...crap la. HaHa. The calculations are easy, but I think I got them wrong. Oh well. Hmm. Our PW group is so seriously demoralized! Our topics are getting rejected like dead flies! Ergh! Oh yes, welcome to the group JiaHao! I stayed back to do make-up tutorial with Mrs Tay. Okay. She explained Tutorial 2. Haiyah..the problems I had are Tutorial 3 and 4..but never mind la. I learnt what's formula units. Good right? Heh. Oh yes! Fantasia and LaToya are in the Top 3! YAY! America finally voted right! Meow moo! John Stevens got voted out..oh well.  Okay. Today was okay. Yeah la. I dun feel like descrbing today. Oh yes! I got virtually no homework! YAY! HaHa! So free this weekend!  Okay. I go eat dinner and watch last episode of Fei Yi Ban MaMa! Meow!! See ya other times! TaTa blog!
    


	 
      Ahhh. Well. See. Didn't blog again. HaHa. Yesterday I got home real late lor. Ayioh...just too much work to do0.  Okay okay. Who am I kidding? I didn't do any work. I just am too tired to come online. In fact, I am very tired today also..even more tired than yesterday. I just wanna blog lor. Ayiah..my Tutorial 4 still haven't do yet...idiot! Must do tomorrow, along with possiblity of Chinese Compo. Shit. AHH! I forgot also got the chinese book review thingy!   Okay whatever la. Yesterday was okay lor. Oh yes. At GP, I defended my views on caning is a torture. Almost everyone don't agree. I don't care. Caning is toturous all the same. Two wrongs don't make a right after all.   Today is even more exciting. Okay. Today is Janet's birthday, so happy birthday to ya! :D  Hmmm. Today was so-and-so. We have to do the idiotic canal run lor! I was, once again, slow. I have to do 480 jumping jacks. Idiot la. I felt so tired, run-down and worn out. I was actually 'shaking' on the bus...and I never shook so hard since witnessing my Godfather's cremation. I don't think anyone noticed...(that crap WQ...I was so tired le and he still continus making fun of me. Fuck him la)..Oh my god...I feel so tired! If I have to do this again and again, I rather cripple my leg and not run again, since running only bring me so much torture. Why can't the idiot teachers understand that some people just CAN'T run? What? If they can run, fine. Good for them. Some just can't. There's no use punishing us lor. So what if I do 480 jumping jacks? It's not gonna improve my score. I will deliberately fail NAPTA test! Okay..not sit-and-reach, because I can really stretch and I want to do well in that. It's the only thing I can pass anyway.   Okay. After a whole deal of rambling on and on, I will describe Janet's birthday. We brought her a bag for her brithday. HaHa. We kinda ignored her in the morning, because we want to give her a surprise in the evening ma. Okay. In the evening, we led Janet to Causeway Ploint, where MeiYing and ThongZhen 'ambushed' her with a cake. HaHa! We all celebrated for her. HaHa! Okay. I kinda had fun, despite the tiredness. :)  Tomorrow in PJ, we have a "smart-casual day", where we can wear our home clothes. HaHa. I am wearing the zipper shirt with my black (which is turning greyer and greyer..ayioh!) pants. HaHa! Even cats are wearing home clothes tomorrow.   Okay. I realize that this is very late. Okay. I end the blog le. See ya next time! Night blog!
    


	 
      Heya! HaHa. Yeah. Yesterday no blog. More details to follow.  Okay. Yesterday I went to Physics Make-up. Only little people attended. Meow moo! Okay. After that was meowful. Hmm. I wanted to buy Beyonce's CD "Dangerously In Love", but the shops ain't open so early. Just then, Wendy smsed, asking for company. I happily agreed!  I joined her at Sata at Civics Center. I thought she was sick or something, going to see the doctor. It turned out that she has to go for a medical check-up for Poly. Hmm. There were lotsa Poly students. Her queue number was 214. wah lao! We waited for approximately 45 minutes for that freaky number to show up. Hmm. I was listening to the radio on Wendy's handphone while waiting for her. Wah lao! It took until 1+ for the whole checkup to end. 3 hours! HaHa! Can die man! Never mind la. Her brother came looking for us, because he has to apply for some CPF thingy to pay for Wendy's poly fees.  After settling the CPF thingy, me and Wendy went to eat. We ate at Yoshinoya. How meowful! Okay. After eating, we went back to Civics for Wendy to take a passport-sized photo. We went to Tom&Stephanie first, and Wendy brought a pair of shorts. O.O After picture taking, we went back to Causeway Point. She photocopied her brother's birth cert, and we finally went to buy my Beyonce's CD! YaY! What a wonderful CD! Really good songs in there!   We then went back. I did my Chem homework. Wah! A lot man. Besides Redox, I did Mole Concept's 2 tutorials. It took me till 7+ to finish. Even ducks are meowing!   Hmm. Okay. The main reason why I didn't blog yesterday was that I was hooked up reading "Something More", a Harry/Draco slash. A really good Harry Potter fan fic! In total from Friday's and yesterday's, I spent more than 5 hours reading the 34 chapters. I do hope the next chapter would come up soon. It's such a captivating story. Oh god...the whole while I was reading it, powerful emotions evoked from me. The constant 'butterly-fluttering-in-my-stomach" effect whilst reading the story....the courtship, the love..kept me on constant edge. Oh man! It was great! Fantabulous! I will post a paragraph below, which I feel is the whole point of this story. I like this para very much also. Oh yes. A sentence too.  "As they both rushed towards their release, an overwhelming sense of connectedness flowed through them. All that existed was the exquisite feeling of being buried inside of someone, of being filled, of skin on skin, of heated kisses. All these sensations blended together and Draco realised with a jolt that he couldn’t tell where his feelings ended and Harry’s began. Draco suddenly became aware of the power flowing around them; a fine golden haze swirling around them; a pure and simple connection on the deepest level possible."  "Their lips met in a tender kiss. It spoke of desire and need, but most of all, it spoke of love and in the end, words weren’t needed."  Oh okay. So sue me if I had picked out the sex scenes. Sheesh. They do really describe the whole essence of this wonderful story. After all, this is a Harry/Draco slash. What is a slash if you don't have an essence to it? Okay. I am waiting with bated breath for the next chapter!  Okay. Today I mainly watched TV and did my GP homework. HaHa. I finally watched my Moulin Rouge VCD. Today, in the Unbeatables, XiaoTong was raped. Now, I've seen that scene (duhz) and I felt appalled. Now, I still continued to feel shocked. Imagine the pain she went through...it's horrible to think of! Being robbed of her virginity...that's very devastating. Gone, just like that. All because of a guy's lust. Really stupid things rapists do. Try getting raped and see how you feel, you idiot rapists out there! XiaoXing is horrible!   Okay. Here I am. Online. HaHa. Oh well. There's gonna be a gas law quiz tomorrow! Must study later. See ya then. TaTa. Night blog!
    


	 
      Heya! Heh Heh. Woah...reall didn't blog yesterday wor. I am supposed to be doing the Physics tutorial for tomorrow's make-up lecture. HaHa. CQ seems like not wanting to do it, Kelvin dunnoe whether to do it or not. So, I think I am doing it at 9.  Yes. Okay. What happened yesterday? I honestly have no mood to recap. Oh yes!!! The most SHOCKING episode on AI yesterday! Can you believe it? Fantasia, LaToya and Jennifer are in the Bottom Three! Oh my god! What on earth was America thinking? Me and Amanda was aghast and shocked! The three best singers in the competition, and they are in Bottom 3? The judges and Ryan chastised America, telling them that AI is NOT a popularity contest! They have to vote for the best singer! What the heck? The one who went was Jennifer... Oh boy! Stupid decision America! You let a talent slipped through, you dorks! I heard quite a number of people dislike Fantasia because of her cockiness. Honestly! She has a great voice, and she has the right to be cocky lor! Me and Amanda honestly envisioned Fantasia and Jennifer in the Top 2, but now, it is impossible man! I do hope Fantasia makes it, becasue honestly, if she doesn't, there whole point of the show is gone. Fantasia should be at least in the top 2 (she can easily pull out a "Clay Aiken" if she doesn't win...seriously)! Go Fantasia! We are behind you!! Jia you!  Okay. Today was mooing. Ayioh!! I have no mood to blog le!! I am ultra distracted by a great Harry Potter fic!  OH NO!!! TaTa!   Okay. Obviously, I am back. Heh Heh. I came back from Survivor. Wow! Shii Ann did it! She won her first ever Immunity! She has beaten all odds and perservere! Shii Ann knew clearly she was about to go, but she's ain't going without a fight! When there is a will to stay, you can achieve anything! Shii ann proves that saying true today! Her strong determination to survive for another 3 days has granted her first-ever Immunity! Great! Bravo! Of course, I wouldn't be too sure of her departure status next week. If she loses Immunity, she's going. So, let's hope she wins! Okay...Alicia was voted out. Bad choice people! I like her frankness and her eloquence. She's a strong player. Stupid people! (Quoted from Shii Ann) You should have voted out Rob Mariano instead! Ayierr!! Useless!!  Okay. I go liao. See ya. TaTa! 
    


	 
      Heya! Well, it seems like I am blogging every other day. Heh Heh. Sorry la. I was distracted...very distracted.  Okay. About yesterday. I didn't go to school yet again. HaHa. I had diarrhea. Stupid right? Again. Heh Heh. I was actually going to school, but halfway on the journey, my stomach act up and I have to rushed back home (luckily we just left Woodlands, can U-Turn back easily). Ah well. I missed a lot of things. Hmm. what did I do at home? Certainly not homework. Heh Heh. I surfed the Net all day. Yeah la..lazy me, and still don't want to blog right? Bad KY!!  Okay. So today I went back to school. I noticed that CQ and YF has gotten closer. It must be due to my absence. Oh yes. Remind me to tell you what happened later when I walk home with Gloria. Damn funny. Anyway, seee! My absence has let CQ made more friends. Beneficial right? :P  Hmmm. I have to take a Maths test, along with 3 other absentees. Well, the first question is peanuts, until the last one, where I cannot solve for 'x'! Ayioh! It turns out that all of us that are taking cannot find 'x' either! Heh heh! Not only me wor.   Hmmm.... During PW, thanks to Tham, we made our project better. He let us understand things better and to specify our scope. Good! Even Mdm Shafrah, who was "PW (Pronounced as POW by Tham) Dictionary" came over and complimented on our project. YAY! We've gotten the green light by both teachers! :D  Hmmm. Today the SAF Choir came to perform for us! Woah! Enriching performance man! All of us want to buy tickets to watch their performance! We like them man! Great voice! Finally! Me and CQ found a place in the amry unit where we belong! CQ wants to go to the choir. If I can't, then I will apply for the drama unit lor! At least this beats running around the field and getting yourself killed!   I finsihed my homework. The MI tutorial, Chinese compo's corrections and I have to do PW later. Must come up with analysis of our topic (nightlife in Singapore). Yes!   Opps. I forgot to write the story of what happened on our way back. Yes. Well, me and Gloria were walking from Admiralty MRT. She was telling me that CQ and YF got closer and CQ told Gloria "I made new friends, and I don't have to depend on KY." That CQ ar! HaHa! In idgination, I said "What? Now I am like trash! Can throw away liao lor!" Then, this guy was walking past us in the opposite direction and he said "No lor! You are not anything at all lor! (Ni she me duo bu shi lor!)" loudly. I was shocked and when I turned back to look at him, he was talking on the phone. Me and Gloria burst out laughing. HAHAHA! Oh my god! Such a huge coincidence! HAHAHA!! For a while, I thought the guy was actually talking to me man. HAHA! So funny sia! LOL!  Oh well. I gotta go now. See ya! Night blog!
    


	 
      Heya! Sorry for not blogging yesterday. I was too busy to.  Now. You might be wondering why I am blogging so early on a Monday! Ain't I suppsoed to be at school. Heh. As you can see (very obviously), no I am not. Well, I've got diarrhea, from eating fried carrot cake yesterday. I asked the stall vendor to put chilli, but I never expected he would put so much that you can see a pool of chilli around the carrot cake. Well, yeah. I got diarrhea.   Ayioh. I left CQ all alone. Well, he told me he's hanging out with Yih Fei and all, so that's good. For a bit, I was worried how he's gonna survive being alone, until I remembered he can hang out with YF. Yeah..  Hmmm. Sunday ar? Yeah. I completed my Chem and Physics homework. Hmm.. I don't know how to do most problems...and today I didn't attend Chem lecture somemore. Sigh!! Yeah. I didn't really watch NKF, 'cept at the last for Zoe's performance! So exciting! So heart-pounding! Go Zoe!!  Okay. Er-hm. Proper decroum people. Yes yes. Today, I woke up with a terrible stomachache. After visiting the loo, the cramp in my stomach still won't go away. Now, past experience has taught me that this should be a cause for concern.   My intuition was right! I do have diarrhea! I decided not to go to school on the last minute. Hmm. Mother went to the Polyclinic for her own check-up, so I stayed at home and cleaned the floor. Meow meow! So long never clean the floor le. I did a rather sloppy job, because I felt terribly tired and my stomach is aching. Yeah.  At 10 something, Mother came back. Well, the doctor said I could develop a fever. Now, for the sake of skipping Mass PE, I hope I do. I know, stupid silly me. I really HATE Mass PE with a passion. It damn torturous! Why would the education ministry incorporate that into our education system, I don't know. They must be raving mad. Sigh! Anyhoo, I have to photocopy 6 copies of my MC, for the various teachers that need them. Oh well. So mah fan.  I came back and all I did was endless Internet Surfing. Ayioh...I am damn tired la. I wanna go sleep, but later got Friends. How?!! Sigh!  See ya romorrow. Nignt blog!
    


	 
      Sigh. Sorry for not blogging. On Thursday I was busy with homework (dang, I have my Physics tutorial placed in front of me, and i have absolutely no intention of doing it...sigh). On Friday, I was prevented from coming online by infexible idiots. You can guess who le la. No need for names.  Okay. I am only covering what happened yesterday. Yesterday was our school's Sports Day. HaHa. We went back to watch. Me, CQ, Joyce, HM, Gloria, KS and XC. WQ, KentKent and Hann joined us later. Hmmm. This time, I feel that we were able to concentrate on the runs more. All those times I've been to Sports Day, all I did was incessant cheering. I didn't even concetrate on who's running and whatnot. Yeah. We were seated at the VIP seats wor. So shuang. HaHa. Anyhoo, we also went to visit our teachers. Mrs Chua, Mrs Jalil, Miss Tan....meow meow! We chatted with them for quite a bit. Hmmm. During the Inter-Department relays, we went down to cheer for the teachers. HaHa. We shouted ourselves crazy! Hmmm. After Sports Day, we went to Causeway Point. I am forbidden to out eatside, so I was about to go home when I smsed Wendy out of curiosity and asked where she is. It turns out that she and Manda are at Causeway, so I went to find them to chat. I had such a great time with them. Miss the old days of chatting with Manda and Wendy. After some walking around, we went back home lor.  Okay. Today. Today morning I was supposed to meet CQ and gang at 8, but because I have to eat breakfast, I can only make it at 8.30. Oh well. When I reached there, CQ, Gloria, Joyce and HM were there le. SL came later. Hmm. We played some basketball. Yeah, the court was full and all, but we 'chap' our way in and got ourself half-a-court. Heh Heh. I dunnoe why leh, but I fumbled with the ball quite a lot of times. I mananged to goal twice, so that's good. Shoryly after, KS arrived. We went down to sit at the fitness corner and talk lor, until XC arrives.  Sigh. What happened next was a series of unfortunate incidents. That idiot hit me with his plastic bag containing his pants. That bag broke (Huo gai, says me and Wendy. Bags are not meant to be used to hit people anyway, so huo gai that his bag broke). It was, of course, deemed as my fault. Yeah right. Like I caused the bag to break. If he didn't hit me with that, it wouldn't have broken in the first place, right? He then made me put the bag into my bag, but my bag was too full of library books to squeeze in useless items. I didn't want to take it, so what he did was grab the hook of my bag and refused to let go. He tried to push me down a cliff, get me knocked down by a car and crash me into a wall. That's not the worst part. The worst part is he inflicted deep wounds onto my arms. He pinched me real hard, causing a moonacle mark on my elbow (I discovered a deep scratch on my wrist, during when I was bathing when I felt that pain... I can sue him for assualt, but I don't have the money to hire a lawyer..Oh well). The scary part was that when he did it, he glared at me with eyes full of mavolence and hatred. I didn't know any human being could possess such frightening emotions, and use them to cause harm to others. The others don't dare to interfere, seeing that XC went totally ballistic (quoted from CQ...frightening creatures, once humans get really mad. XC should be branded as dangerous and locked up indefinitely). It was after some incessant pleading on Gloria's part and me shredding a few tears (dunnoe whether he knew or not la) that he decided to let go.      I kept a huge distance from him for the rest of the day. On the way towards Causeway Point, I was trying my hardest not to cry. Call me weak-willed. Whatever. I don't care. I couldn't control myself when we reached the food court. I was (forcefully) escorted to the toilet to clean up. I calmed down for a bit. Yeah. CQ, Gloria and KS are great friends. They cared for me. :D I had a huge temptation to message Wendy, but afriad of upsetting myself, I didn't. (I did tell her just now though) I suffered all that, to put it basically, due to bullying. Plain and simple. Bullying. I am very prone to bullying, seeing how I couldn't retaliate. CQ asked why I didn't retaliate, and let myself get bullied. How I wish I can. If I retaliate, I am sure to get bullied more. Experience taught me that. Sigh...  Hmm. We had lunch. Actually, I didn't really have a proper lunch. I was too upset and is in no mood to eat something. I only ate ice kacang. Yeah. Anyway, after all, we went up to take NeoPrints. Oh boy. Was I glad that XC and HM (no offense on HM's part, don't take it in the wrong way hor) left to meet Mr Low. I can't stand being with that animal while playing pool.   We went u to play pool wor. Well, I began to relax and enjoy myself. HaHa. TZ joined us later, followed by WQ. HM and XC came later after WQ. My ball skills improved, quite. I started to hit hardly and paying extra attention to my angles. Hmm. Good.   After pooling for 5 hours, me and Gloria left first to go to the library (to return my books), then we went to top-up our cards, then we went home.   I went back, bathed, watched my Sat show, ate dinner then came online. Homework still not touched yet. Heh. I have to do that, plus Chem tutorial, before I come online tomorrow, or else, I'll never have the time to complete them! Yes!   Okay. I gotta go. See ya tomorrow, most probably. Night blog!
    


	 
      Oh my meow! OH MY MEOW!!! It has been what? 17 days?? Almost 3 weeks man!   Heh Heh. I need to explain my mysterious dissaperance. On Monday, March 19, I discovered that my computer became terribly screwed up. Ads started appearing here and there, and I have a corrupted file, preventing me from accessing a hell lot of my programs. I can't even go to Messenger and IE keeps closing down on me. That's why I didn't blog. IE could shut down on me any second.   Guess what? I got Windows XP. HaHa! Uncle Steven came to fix for me (on the Sunday when Miss Congenality was showing. Such a nice show!). He couldn't fix the problem, so he suggested cleaning up the hard drive. Oh well. He also suggested a change of OS, so I wanted XP. Yep. Here I am, using XP! Weee! Even XP cats are meowing at the new Operating System. This computer is so darn empty. I must fill it up with my files (I saved my files on CD-Rs). Yes. I am now downloading MSN Messenger. So slow, the download! Ayioh!!  Well well well. A whole lotsa things happened. Hmmm. Let me start with the academic aspect first.   Hmmm. What can I say? These days are pretty hectic. Yep. I got my time-table le. Hmm. The odd-days are good, because we are let off early. The even-days are long. Yep. I have to attend make-up lectures (I think tomorrow's Chem lecture is the last make-up lecture), so I am returning late these days. On Mondays, I got Choir till 7:30. I will be discussing my views on the different subjects later. Anyhoo, because I can't go online, two adverse (okay, not really adverse. Only one is.) effects happened. One, I have lotsa time to do my homework. Heh. Now, my Chinese homework is in front of me and I don't even have the heart to do it. Two, I've lost touch with the music world. Seriously. I haven't been listening to the radio!! I don't know what new songs there are! Oh my! I must recover from the 'disconnection'!  Hmmm. Lemme talk about GP first. Well, it is/was (can't decide which) my favorite subject. Mr Jeremy (an ABC) is our tutor. Well, he's effeminate. Yeah. HaHa. I don't care about that de la. He too soft, easily bullied. Hmm. I got into a GP group, SU(Slackers United). Okay. Whatever la. I have a neutral view on GP, as of now.  Okay. Moving onto Chinese. Well, we got this Mr Yeo (Yang Lao Shi). Hmmm. He's okay. He has high expectations of us though, seeing that our class is the 'best'. Yeah. S22 was split up into 3 Chinese classes (I think Gabriel and JiaHao switched places. JH was supposed to go into our class, and Gabriel into the "weaker" class. Gabriel got around D7-C5 for Chinese... Ayiah, JH came into our class anyway.). The As went into my class lor. Hmmm. Sometimes, Mr Yeo is quite funny, but sometimes, he is not. He really expects high standards from us. Ergh. My Chinese is not that good. It is just luck that I got an A. Sheesh. Ayiah, Chinese class is meowing.  Okie. Chem next. Well, I am kinda struggling. Well, not really. I am just currently struggling with Redox. It's very complicated, and worse off, it is the foundation of many topics. Sigh. Well, we got this really good Practical teacher, Mrs Jasima. Our Tutorial tutor is a complete opposite of Mrs Jasima. Boy, does she really has a short fuse. She even said so herself. She said "I am not here to become a celebrity and make friends. This is my job, this is my career and I am here to teach!". Oh my.   Okay. Physics. Hmm. Physics was okay. I mean, it wasn't as hard as I thought it would. I understand Kinematics and can apply the 4 equations. Yep. Our Tutor is Miss Yee. Hmm. She has a very soft voice, so she uses microphone to speak all the time. She's kinda weak though, I mean, as in can be bullied quite easily. She doesn't raise her voice with us. Hmm. Physics was okay for me.  Maths C. HaHa. Our tutor is Mr Tham, who is also our form teacher. He hor, don't know how to say him la. He's a bit crazy. "This rascal minus this rascal gives you this rascal here....okay, jokes aside" -.-" He's a good CT though. He calls me "the small K"...O.O What a meowing meow meow.   Propject Work. Yep. We are gonna do PW for our first-year. Hmmm. I got into the same group as Kelvin (groups arranged by Tham Tham. he commented "2Ks! Luck of the draw!"). Hmm. I am also with GekLing (our class manager, or monitoress), FengXiang (I keep mistakenly calling her Xiang Fei. Too much HZGG! HaHa! Speaking of HZGG, CQ informs me that we still need to see a lot more episodes before Huang Ah Ma comes to fetch them back! Haiyoh...!!) and WeeTiong. Hmmm. I like my group. Good good. I am a bit worried about our topic, after seeing the sample proposal forms presented in lecture today. Hmm. See how the meeting tomorrow goes.   Haiz. What else haven't I covered? I think that's all for the academic side. Now, I shall move on.  Hmmm. I really felt myself changing (in thoughts) as the time passes by. Like, a new me emerges lor. Hmm. I shan't reveal too much. Yeah. I am so itching to tell Manda and Wendy. Maybe I'll sms them later. Hmmm. (Haiyoh...my Chinese homework is still staring at me from the table. I only completed 2 questions, 3 more to go. Sigh! Never mind, hand up on Friday. Can do tomorrow!)  Not being able to come online at all (okay, not at all. My brother only allows me to use for meagre amounts of time, for he has Counter-Strike to play...sigh), I really miss chatting with mah friends. Wendy. Amanda. CQ. XC. Yeah. You say how!!  Well, not that me and CQ are so anti-social that we didn't hang out with other cats. We hang out with Yih Fei, Jeric and JunSheng. Most of the break times, me and CQ will always go alone anyway. Okay, we are kinda anti-social. :P Hmmm....  Hmm. What else to write? I don't think there's anything more I would like to add, except that I have to complete my Chinese homework real soon. Heh. The worry-wort. Okay. Gotta go sleep now. See ya tomorrow. Night blog!
    


	 
      Meow meow!  What a meowful day full of surprises! Okay. Starting from the morning. I woke up real early (ungodly, I tell ya!) at 7.15 to bath. I ate breakfast, after that switching on my phone.  Boy oh boy! I was in for a shock! CQ doesn't want to go for MT Oral anymore! First he messaged to meet at 10, then after that he said he wanted to study maths instead. Grr! HaHaHa! That CQ ar!  I studied Trigo lor. I didn't really study as in really study. I memorised the formulas. After that I went online to relax la. HaHa! Even the relaxing cats are meowing.  Okay. I ate lunch, then after that at 12.30, I went out to meet CQ lor.  I met him on the train. We went to CCK together, then board bus 175 to PJ.  We made it to school with lotsa time to spare. HaHa. We met JiaYan. We went into Lt2, instead of the bridge due to too many cats.   The test started. O.O! There were 9 questions! They came in the order of increasing difficulty. Me and CQ can't do the last two questions. Sigh! Well, we feel that we can pass. Barely. Heh.  Putting that test aside. CQ went to play badminton with his sister and cousin and I went home.  HaHa. Went home, bathed, came online, went for dinner, watched TV, came online and watched TV again. Heh.   HaHa! Friends is so funny! Phoebe is so terribly laughable! Little wonder why she is my favorite character! HaHaHa!   The judges for the Singapore Idol is announced. They are Dick Lee, Ken Lim, Florence Tan and the surprise guest whose name I forgot. Heh. TNP got the three supposed judges correct. HaHa! Oh well. I don't know everyone except Dick Lee. Honestly, who don't know him? Meow!  Okay. I gotta end liao. See ya next time! Night blog! TaTa!
    


	 
      Heya! Oh my my! What a whole lotsa things happened!    Saturday   Ze all-important day! The award ceremony!! YaY! I met Siva at the usual bus stop and we went to school together. HaHa! Siva ate some bread, then we walked around the school. Mainly we went to our classroom. Oh my! How things changed! Ha! 4/5 left a bit of ourselves on the walls. Those double-sided tapes still remained there! HaHa! After that, we went down to the hall.  HaHa! I met Wendy and Hann and Ping! So happy to see them! HaHa! We were soon joined by the rest of the cats. Miss Tan came and took our attendance, and showed us where we are supposed to seat.   We have to wait for a while though. Waiting for the guest-of-honor, Mr Something (Ayiah...I forgot his name le. Oh yes! Richard Soh? Is it Soh? Ayiah..never mind la) to arrive at 8.25.  Hmm. Yeah. He arrived quite punctually, then the school song was played. Ayioh..they removed the lyrics. They are making the pupils sing. HaHa! Only the Riversidians in front sang. Meow!  After that was the introductory speech by Mrs Singh. Blah blah blah. Ayioh...so boring.   After the speech were the prizes being given away. YaY! The prizes for top Sec 1-3 last year were awarded. After that...it's us!  Miss Tan told us to collect the prizes then leave. Hann insist on staying there for bask in the limelight. HaHa. He did that, but they were shooed off stage. I collected my trophy, and left. What a beautiful cup-trophy thingy award! I was given the "Passion In Learning" award for scoring 5 distinctions!   HaHa! After the ceremony, the school took some pics of us. Hmm, after that was the reception. We mingled around to talk to the teachers. We mingled, we ate and we talked.   At 10+, we went off lor. HaHa. No la. Hann wanted to go kaypoh at the parent-teacher meeting, so me, Hann, XC, Amanda, Wendy and Ping went around to tour the classroom blocks. We first went into Mr Du's classroom. That Hann ar! We left soon after. Then, we went into Mr Tsung's classroom. Ayioh! HaHa! We also left..then continued touring until the end lor.  HaHa. All of us then took the bus to Woodlands. Hmm. I went home first. I am joining them later for steamboat. I don't wanna go out.   I went back home, ate lunch (instant noodles), watched taped Pokemon then come online. HaHa. I left at 3.25 to meet Gloria lor. We then travelled to Woodlands to meet the rest.  PY, me, Gloira, Joyce and ShuQiang went to Marina Bay first. We are supposed to meet the rest at the restaurants. Oh well. Ha. When reaching Marina Bay, we decided not to take the bus there, instead, walking. I prophesized that Hann they all will pass us in the bus. Well, they did. But they weren't early. We are earlier! :P  We didn't go to Zheng Fa to eat. We went to this other restuarant that is cheaper ($10) and we can use other plates. HaHa! They have less variety though. Oh well. Got hams can le. :P  Yeah. I gorged myself silly! That PY is partly at fault! Take so much food! Nobody wanted to eat, so I gorbled the rice and noodles down. Adding to that, my hams were tad uncooked. Ayioh! I also ate down two bowls of fake shark fins. Now, I am helpless in the face of shark fin, real or fake. Oh my my!   At the end...my stomach hurts...a lot! Oh my god! Me and Gloria took a walk...and my stomach was hurting! It felt like it's gonna burst! I think I know how pregnant women felt! Oh god.. I can't walk at all! I felt so breathless. Gloria went to seek help. Joyce they all came and told me the toilet is in the pool place.  I went in in there and vommitted all my dinner out. Yeah. I could 'taste' the dinner. Heh Heh. Yeah...my stomach immediately felt so much better. I also felt hungier. HaHa!  Heh. I ate some fruits and talked for a while. After that, we left lor. The rest went to play pool at Causeway Point, while me and Gloria. Joyce, PY and Hann did some  interesting  stuff. Ayioh! You cats ar!! Zhen si de!   Oh yes. I reached home at 9+, to the surprise of my parents. Woah! HaHa! Yeah...first time I returned from a steamboat outing so early. Heh Heh. Anyway, after bathing, I watched Miss USA. I didn't actually watch, as I fell asleep halfway. I woke up to catch Miss Missouri win that title. Oh I meow!    TODAY   Oh! Today was nothing la. Heh HEh. Waking up, eating black carrot cake for breakfast. Heh.   For lunch, we went to Admiralty Place. I ate xiao wan mian. Mother went there to collect her Tupperware and Father's driving us there. Yeah. He drove us back too. Meow!  Hmm. I am online ever since. I am meeting Ben later to eat dinner. Meow meow!   Okay. I am supposed to study for Maths test tomorrow. I don't have the drive to leh. How? Sigh... Study tomorrow lor.  Tonight ar? I think I am gonna surf the net, then go to sleep. Heh Heh. Meeting CQ tomorrow to go to MT Oral test. Meow!  Okay. I gotta go liao! See ya next time! TaTa! 
    


	 
      Heya!!  Oooo! Ooooo! The results are out!! Lemme give you a little hint. The results ain't surprising.  Big big hint, rather! YES! It's   FANTASIA BARRINO  !! Fantasia!! Fantasia!! After a long long long 2 hours full of songs and nonsensical fillers, the winner was announced!! YAY!!! Fantasia!! Fantasia!! Fantasia!!   I was feeling very estatic, of course, but it hardly came as a surprise. Of course Fantasia will win. She should. HaHa! YaY! Lets hope Fantasta career would be fantastic one! :D   TODAY   Today is the last day of the term, and our GP exam. Well, it is a mixed paper of sorts. Why do I say so?  Paper 1, the essay component. I can say I find it quite easy. When I saw the questions, I was like "oh my lord...all I don't know". Then I spotted the last question, which is "'It's still a man's world' Do you agree?" YaY! I know how to do that one! I've done it for essay before (well, the female version..but the points are still the same). :D So happy. Of course. You cats should know what is my response. Disagree, strongly to boot, of course!   Paper 2, the comprehension component. The letdown! Oh my lord! The passages were all Greek to me! The questions are so crappy! Oh my my my my! Doomed le la!   Sigh! After that, we went out to eat lor. What did we eat? Long John Silver. Yeah. After that, we went to the library to study Maths.  Heh. I didn't really do any studying. I completed the TYS section for Log and Exponential Functions. Well, there were only 14 questions. After that, I was utterly bored. I was in no mood to do any maths. So I fell asleep. HaHa! Lazy moi! After waking up at 4+, I went down to borrow a book. Jackie by Josie. Such an intriguing book. CQ left first, then we left at 5+.  Hmm. Yeah. The usual lor. Now I am feeling sleepy, and I gotta wake up at 5.15 tomorrow. Remember tomorrow is the 29th? RS Award Ceremony!! YAY! Yeah. I have to leave the computer on for a couple of hours while I download the Friends episode from Amanda. The One About Phoebe's Rats. I think I go sleep, then let the alarm wake me up.   HaHa! Yeah. See ya next time! Night blog! TaTa! 
    


	 
      Heya! Ayiah..I wanna skip skip skip till yesterday night!  Okay! Yesterday was the finale performance of Fantasia and Diana! Yes!  Okay. Diana first. Wow! She's improved by leaps and bounds. Her first two songs are great...having that 'wow' factor. Yes. Not bad. Worthy a competitor to Fantasia! Her third song was plain. It didn't wow me. Noperino.  Oh yes. Me and Manda was messaging each other, commenting on the show. We are both big big Fantasia fans!'  Yes! Fantasia Barino! Her first song, which I don't know the name, wasn't made for her. We can tell. It just ain't Fantasia. However, she sang it well. Great! At least she saved herself.   Her second song was Summertime. When we heard Ryan announcing the song name, we felt very apprehensive. Fantasia did that song last time and it wowed everyone. What if she can't do as well as last time? The judges are so gonna critisize. Luckily, our worries were very unfounded. She performed the song very well, as good as she did last time, if not better. YaY!  Her final song was Tamayra Gray's song (I forgot the title, and I don't want to go to the AI webbie to check it out. The winner has already been announced...I don't wanna spoil myself). Both finalists have to sing that song. Oh my lord!!! Fantasia did the song loads and loads of justice! She sang it wonderfully great! WOW! She sang it with such a powerful voice, filled with rich emotions! She's just like what the song described. Successful. She cried at the end of her song. I was crying too. Amanda too. We were so so so touched by her song. Oh my god! What a fantastic singer! She holds the honor of being the FIRST singer to make me cry. The best man! I am so buying her album once it hit the shelves!  I went to bed with a smile and watery eyes.  Hmm. Today is rather boring, so I will not talk about today.  Oh my!! The results are gonna show later! Who will win!! Who will win!! Oh my lord!! I am so excited!  Alright..I gotta go. See ya next time with the results!! Night blog! TaTa!
    


	 
      Heya! Even blogging is meowful and mooful!   MONDAY   Hmm. What happened? Hmmmm....Okay. Nothing much. Oh yes! Choir was fun today! Why? First, I was interviewed by the Exco for being in the committee. Hmm. I did suckily. Not my usual standards, I am afraid. Oh well.  Hmm. There wasn't any real practice session. They spilt up into 4 groups of 10. These are the groups for the choir camp. I rather like my group. Yeah. Got Faizal, David, Boon Chai, Dorothy, Serene, BiXia, Alicia, YunYi and Yvonne. HaHa! I remembered my members' names. Bo liao right? :P Anyhoo, we played games all day long and we had fun. Yep.    TODAY   We took the class photo today. O.o! What meowing fun!   Ayiah...I no mood to write about today la! I am very excited. In Professor Sun's class, I am participating in this Time Race. Prof Sun will post questions every Tuesday, America's time. I would aways see the questions in Wed night my time, and our group are always not as early to send in our answers, thus we are denied of any galleons. Today, I finally saw the questions first!! FIRST! I quickly did the quiz and sent it to our captain, who hopefully woke up already, would log on and send the answers over to Prof. Quick Quick! We have to win some galleons this week!! She hasn't woken up yet!! QUICK!!!  Er-hmm! I am too excited le la...and too tired. HaHa! I think I go sleep le. See ya next time. Night blog. TaTa! 
    


	 
      Heya! The funeral's over...  Hmm. Lets start with  Saturday .  Yes. After that blog, we went for lunch, then went on down to the funeral.   Wow! The first thing I noticed is that there's a big house for MaMa, even got two servants. I gave all the servants figureines names, like MingYue, CaiXia, XiaoDengZi. :P The adults are, again, looking for numbers to buy for 4D. Meow moo.  Hmm. They were preparing the 'treasure chests' thingy. While digging stuff (documents) to put inside the chests to burn, we found a lot of interesting documents like TaiMa's (MaMa's mother) birth cert, MaMa's children birth info (the respective pieces was given to the children) and even photos of YeYe (GrandDad, aka MaMa's husband). He looked so smart. His name is Yip Ya Bin (written behind the passport-sized photo). Even FeiChui hasn't seen him before. They say that his favorite grandson is Ah Meng. Heh.   After preparing the chests, we had nothing else to do le. Luckily, I brought my Discman and listened to music all afternoon. Oh yes. Reading my HZGG too.   Hmm. This time they offered to buy dinner for us. Ah Meng went to buy all our orders. I got chicken rice. We are eating at 5+, because the priest is supposed to come at 6 and start the rites.   Noticed I said supposed. He came later, and rites have to start at 7. Well, the rite wasn't special or anything. Wait till you hear about the next rite, which is due to start at 10. Sigh. We are bored again. I listened to my Discman while Father entertained his friend (whom according to Mother, introed Father to taxi-driving). Brother and I burnt some incense during a prayer.   At 10, the rite was touching. The priesta were talking about the hardhips of life, about rearing up children who are now kneeling in front of her (I didn't know most of the words, except the children part. They spoke too fast!) Their voices were carrying sad emotions, they can even cry on the spot. I think they have trained real hard. That made DaiGuMa and GuJie cry. SuZhen was tearing, and so was FeiChui. Me? I was pretty touched, but my leg hurts so much. Imagine sitting there for 30 minutes...my left leg was terribly numb.   After the rite, it was time to burn all the incense and the house and the nucais for MaMa. Yeah. YiGuMa was in shock, because she keep repeating monotonously "MaMa come get your things..MaMa come get your things.." The head priest said the burning was good, everything was dispersed. Whatever that meant. Heh.   After that, we took taxi back home. Yeah. After bathing at 11+, I went to sleep.    SUNDAY - TODAY   The chu bin. The cremation day.   We woke up at 5. I was feeling very crabby all morning, because goddmanit, this's a Sunday! I guess Friday's long rest was to sacrifice for today. Sigh. We went to Whampoa to eat breakfas.t I ate chee cheong fun.   Heh. Talk about being there puntually at 7. We were the only punctual cats there! The rest began to come at 7.30+. Yeah.   The rites began at 8. Lets skip that until the rite at 9. The final rite for MaMa. We walked around the coffin. We said our goodbyes. She looked so peaceful. (I just realized that MaMa and DaiGuMa looked alike. I couldn't picture MaMa's face without DGM's face in my mind.) The grandchildren kneel at one side, the children and spouses at the other. Then, people begane to cry. Father was one of them. All these days of pent-up grief was let out today...he cried real pitifully. I wanna go over and hug him...but this is a proper rite after all.   The coffin was then loaded into the hearse and off it goes. Dad, DaiPakPak and YiPakPak put their hands on the hearse and walked with it. Looking at PaPa, I saw him as MaMa's son. A real filial son. Yeah. After walking for awhile, we took the bus to Mount Vernon Crematorium.  Yeah. After waiting for awhile, we went into the hall. We prayed, offer incense..then it was off to the burning. The process was terribly quick. I don't even have time to react before the coffin was pushed into the burning thingy. Just...like woosh. After that, we went back lor.  We offered some incense to her plaque, then the grandchildren went down while the children and their spouses stay for prayer. I was picking rubbish around the funeral area, then I went up lor.  Sigh. The prayer was over, and he was giving instructions. Anyway, we stayed for a long while. I learnt that YiGuJiu (husband for Yi Gu Ma) is very formidable. He controlled DaiPakPak with the money (ayiah...that DPP is a big gambler..we have to control how much he takes every month, or else he will spend all the money and have to depend on us for moolah. Who wants to provide for him wor!) collected from the donations ($6000+ in total...woah!). He is very strict lor. I see him very powerful and formidable. I bet he is a strict father. He even told his wife to "diam diam" when she was making too much noise. ~Eyebrow raised~  Anyway, after that, we stayed for awhile, then went off for lunch lor. Lunch is at AMK Central. Yeah.   Coming back, I bathed then do my homework. After that, I watched my recorded tapes and then came online lor. Yeah. I ate dinner just now (duck brought at NTUC FairPrice). Here I am.  Well. My thoughts about the whole thing? There are 2 main ones.   One, this whole thing happened too fast and sudden for me to register her death. It's like...one minute I was in lecture, then the next minute I recieved news that MaMa died. Then, the days just swooped past real quick ..and barely a blink of an eye, she was cremated. I am like still in shock lor...I couldn't cry at all.... I don't know why. Am I heartless? Nah.. I still feel sad...but...I can't cry.   Two, this whole funeral affairs let me know more about my family from the father's side. I initally don't know a lot of people...which cousins belong to which aunty/uncle. I know them all, even the cousins which I never remembered meeting before. I even knew the proper names of the uncles and aunties. Heh.   Yeah. I think that's all. Woah! Such a long blog wor! Heh Heh. I think I go le. See ya next time! Night blog! TaTa!
    


	 
      Heya! Even the funeral cats are meowing away.  Okie. Back to the topic. Yesterday morning was shuang. I slept until 10! That was shiok! Finally! I got my 11 hours of well-deserved rest!   Okay. After that, waking up, eating breakfast, coming online, er..we went to lunch? Then we picked up PoPo and went to the funeral lor.  Yeah. It was quite boring, actually. We folded the incense all afternoon. The gold ingot. The tube-thingy. HaHa. I had fun. I discovered that our family is closest with FeiChui's family. Heh Heh. Oh well.  Edwin and Father went home to bath at 4+, leaving me and Mother there. Then, at 5.55, we went out to eat lor. I ate fish noodles. Yeah. When we came back, we found out that they brought food for us. We didn't tell them we are going out to eat. Sigh.   Yeah. After, I folded some more ingots till Father and Edwin came back. Then we went to burn some incense for MaMa. We were soon joined by Cousin SuFen and SuZheng. Wah...All of us burned a lot of stuff, and even the adults have to tell us to stop burning. Shoosh, shoosh, shoosh, in goes the incense. The fire was big.   Yeah. After that was terrible boredom. Father's friends came, then Mother's friends. I was left at the table with BakLiong (Felicia's mother) and Edwin. I started to read my HZGG. Yeah.   Soon, BL's friend came. I was reading XiaoYanZi's really funny line (she was pondering about zi san ma huai) and started laughing out loud. Heh.  At 10 something, we left by taxi. We were all so tired to take the bus back. Yeah. We reached home at 11 something, bathed, and I went to sleep.   That's all blog. See ya next time. TaTa!
    


	 
      Heya. Sorry. I got major news. Okay. What happened on Wendesday? Oh yes. Sports Day. It was okay. Bellini is in third placem, horray hooray.   Okay. Today today today. This whole even started with a call from Dad during Physics lecture. I knew something went terribly wrong with Grandmother (MaMa, for short), because Dad would never call unless it was an emergency. I began to get tensed up, lost my concentration.   When I called my father, he confirmed my worst fear. She passed away. Oh my lord...she didn't even get the chance to meet us. She has been wanting to meet me and my brother...   I began to sign out. That admin idiot said something along the lines of "did you tell your parents school is more important?" HELLO! School more important than my grandmother? Fuck you! Anyway, she gave me the form in the end. I have to wait til 1 to get Mr Tham's signature to sign out. He agreed immediately when he heard that my grandmother passed away. What a good teacher!   Yeah. Parents were there le. We went to Grandma's place la. It was full of other relatives. MaMa...she looked so frail... I just said I've come to see her...everyone was sad.   We were waiting for the coroner to pronounce her death. He came, and he concluded that she died due to hypertensive heart attack. Oh my... Funeral arrangements were quickly made. Here's the lowdown. We are holding the funeral till Sunday morning 9.30, when her body leaves for the crematorium. Yeah.   Everyone was crying. Okay. Not everyone. Dai Gu Ma and Dai Pak Pak cried the loudest, and sadest too. They keep mentioning that mu brother and I have came to see her (she wants to see us ma)...and like neglecting the other cousins like that. I kinda felt guilty. Yeh...I was like just stoning...dunnoe what to react. Or how.   We went out to eat lunch at Whampoa. Oh god! My hunger was killing me!! I ate fantasic duck rice. How meowful! I got a stomachache due to over-eating, but oh well.   When we went back, MaMa's body was taken to some parlour to beautify. Yeah. We stayed around waiting for the funeral tent to be set up. Sigh.. Lets skip the boring hours till the tent was set up.  Okay...Her body arrived at 6+. It was really decorated nicely with a pearl in her mouth. I have to wear the white t-shirt. Zhang shun ma. It looks like only me, my brother and Fei Chui were the only children of MaMa's sons. We get the black cloth thingy to paste on our sleeves. The rest of the cousins are blue.   Anyway, there were rites. Yeah. Very long ones. Sigh. I don't even know what we were supposed to do half of the time. Anyway, after the rites, we milled around lor. I helped fold some yingbo (incense?).   Ya know, I am only open to two cousins. Fei Chui and Ah Ling. The rest ma, I don't talk to them de lor. HaHa!   We went home at 7.30+. We first went to eat at AMK Central, chicken rice. Then we went home. The rest, they say, is history. Tomorrow we are going back in the afternoon. Yeah. No school for me for tomorrow and Sat. I get to wake up REAL late! YaY!  YAY!! Fantasia and Diana are in the Top 2!! I am so happy!!  Okay. I go off le. See ya next time. TaTa. Night blog!
    


	 
      Heya! HaHa! This is very de late le!  Okay. I will start from  MONDAY .  Monday ar? What happened? Oh yes. I was really really bored while waiting for CQ and Gloria. I wished I've brought a book or my Discman!   Okay. Choir came! YaY! We got this really good new instructor. Her name? I forgot le. She gave us the impression that she's similar to Miss Choo. Really leh. She's just like Miss Choo! So nice and friendly! Okay. She's the Chinese version of Miss Choo. HaHa!   Yeah. She tested our voices. To see where she would put us. Hmm. I was put in tenor leh. When she heard my voice, she guessed I would be in tenor. I said Liew put me in bass. Oh weel. She tested me. I was made to sing loudly. HaHa! She said I can reach the tenor notes, and higher, but I don't dare (the last part I said it myself. HaHa). Yeah. YaY! CQ's in tenor too. After that, we waited for a whole hell of a time for Gloria. Yeah. We went back together lor.   Oh yes! I forgot to tell you that Siva finally managed to talk to Gerald Law. HaHa. After one big wild goose chase (chasing someone named Gerald Ng), I finally located Siva's classmate. HaHa! Siva's real happy, and I am glad I can make her happy! :)  Ayiah...that Gloria and CQ. Here is the hint la: Things are not what they seem. Only the observant knows. Yeah! See! You guys are lucky.   Okay. What else? Err...moving onto  TUESDAY  then.   Okay. Today, I got back two tests. Well, the other one is not exactly a test. Yesterday, I did a GP Compre test! Guess what? I passed!! WEEE! I am so happy with myself and my paraphrasing skills! YaY! Mr Jeremy said my summary was good! YaY!   The second good news was that my group's proposal was finally approved!! YaY!! Poor thing CQ though, his topic was rejected terribly. Yeah.   Today hor, during mass PE, I re-ran 2.4km. Ayioh. I ran 17.08mins, just like yesterday. I actually ran faster, because I took time off to chat and didn't run towards finishing line. Yeah. Meow meow!   HaHa! CQ is getting isomnia! You ar! Go sleep la! Not good for your body de. Heh Heh.   kay. What else to talk about? Ayioh...I dunnoe what to say le. My mind is feeling ultra-tired right now. I think I go off le la. See ya next time! Night blog! TaTa! 
    


	 
      Oh my meowing meow cat! I almost forgot to blog today! HaHaHa!   Okay. Yesterday we went to bowl la. Well, before that I went to the doctors. Guess what's on my banned list now. Ice Lemon Tea! AHHH! My ILT!   Okay. We went to bowl. There're me, CQ, Joyce, Gloria, SL, KS, ChiYuan and TZ. Yeah. HM, Janet, ShinHan and Kent Kent came later. Yeah.  Okay. We played three rounds. I got real tired after that, not to mention my hand was aching. Okay. The first round was terrible, as my balls keep cleaning the gutter. Towards the end, I striked! YaY! The second game I did quite well, though I started to stumble at the end. The last one leh, I was pretty average. I was getting real tired and sian le. Yeah. You can actually plot a graph. The graph slowly goes up..then with a very steep slope, it shoots to the top, then stables for a while (but rising). When it reaches the peak, it started falling, but not too drastically. Yeah. I am so bo liao right?  SL and Joyce went off first. We went to the foodcourt to eat. Ayioh....Gloria go and tell everyone I cannot eat this, cannot eat that. I must talk to her about this. Everyone went to the foodcourt because of me la. I ate chicken with centuary egg porridge. Firstly, it is HORRIBLE! Ginger slices were added, and you won't believe the horrendous amount! I thought they only add ginger in fish porridges to get rid of the yu xin wei (well, for me right, the yu xin wei is normal to me lor. There is no 'smell' people are prone to complain about. Ginger in porridges spoil the entire porridge due to its disgusting taste...I prefer fish and FISH ONLY). How dare they add that in my meat porridge!! I have to take the drastic route. It made me seem like a crass little cat, but I have to do it for the sake of my sanity! Whenever I chance upon a slice, I would pick it up. Long fingernails really come in handy! Heh Heh!   Okay. After that, we went down to look for SL and Joyce, fitting SL's glasses. We waityed for awhile, then went off! My wallet broke!! Ahhh!! How!!   We took 960 back. Me, Janet, Gloria and KentKent orignally planned to walkback home, but alas! It was raining! We decided to go to Causeway Point to escape the rain, while the guys are shopping. (Actually, me and CQ are not very socialable with the guys. We prefer to hang out with the girls. Like when hanging around with the guys I feel very awkward. All they talk about does not interest me at all. I am not the typical male lor. I feel more natural with the girls. Yeah... meow!) We saw the guys when coming down from Level 2, and we hid ourselves. HaHa!   Yeah. After some drinks-buying, we went back home lor. Once reaching home, I immediately went out to eat, in order to watch 8 Simple Rules. After watching that, I went to bath and came online.  Yeah. At 8, me and Father went to Woodlands Central to buy my wallet! Alas! The shop was closed, and the other shops didn't sell any wallet that I like. We went back home, and I suffered two mosquito bites! Ahhh! What nasty creatures!    Sunday : The Next Day   Hmm! What a touching Huan Zhu Ge Ge episode again! I am crying and crying, and is forever crying at HZGG! I did my chinese book review on them. Really! I went to borrow the books! I finished with one today, and is currently reading another! What a nice book!  Hmm. I also did my Maths homework. That uncute Tham is such a killer.   YaY! My parents brought me a new wallet (same brand and design, Polo Genuine) and a Discman! YaY! A Discman with remote contorl, can play MP3s.. Cheh, you all think. I love my Discman! Meow!! What a slim, sleek, black Discman!   Eee! I have to cut my fingernails for that Discman de leh! My fingernail have been left alone for 4+ months! Espeically my  left thumb! Such a beautiful long nail! Of course I saved it la. JiaHao will gloat over it! Ahh! My nail!  YaY! I will have my ATM Card! There's a little thief in my house! That stupid brother. Think I dunnoe issit? My safe's position was shifted, my parents said they didn't touch it. My money pile seems to be lower. It was lower! I didn't have so little money left! He stole from me because he can't steal from my parents anymore, when they found out their money was dissappearing and he was the top suspect. We even found concrete evidence, but he kept denying. Now, I am recording every deposit and withdrawal I made to my safe! For extra safety precaution, I am depositing every $20 I saved in my bank, and applying for an ATM Card, so I can deposit and withdrawl at my whim. Heh! I really hate thieves! My money!!! Don't ever let me catch him stealing..or else he will shi te bu hao kan!  Okay. I go sleep liao. See ya next time! TaTa! Night blog! (2 minutes to spare till midnight! HaHa!)
    


	 
      Heya! I am now listening to Can You Keep You A Secret by Utada Hikaru. Nice sia! Long time never listened to it le. "Can you a keep a secret? Can you keep a secret? Oh kokomana, secret!" :P  Hmm. What happened today? Yeah. Today's bascially quite slack la. Like all Fridays. HaHa!   Okay. Morning quite boring, except that we were almost late for morning assembly. Luckily we just got there at the command (whatever is that spelt). Hmm. Chem lecture was okay.  Yay! No GP! Well, technically not. He just came in 30 minutes to revise with us comprehension skills, then went off to take the drama cats to their SYF. We just have to finish one worksheet, then can go off le. Me and CQ walked past WQ's and Janet's classroom (do you know their GP class is side-by-side? coolies!). HaHa!   Hmm. For MT hor. He found out that CQ 'copied' me la, for book review. Hmm. He got sharp eyes. I didn't say anything la, but oh well. I don't wanna say anything like "I am innocent" because I would get CQ into trouble. So, qing qing lor. Hmm. Got what also? Nothing else le.  After that, CQ went for his weekly exercise and I went to find Janet. Hmm. The teachers next to us were making jokes about Mr Quek. Yeah. So bad one...we decided to leave. CQ was soon done, so was Gloria.  We went to Causeway Point to eat (oh my lord! So itchy! Itch Itch Itch!). I ate duck porridge, following Gloria. HaHa. I got three ulcers in my mouth leh, and close to each other some more. So painful! I can only eat those non-spicy, plain food. Chillies are killers on ulcers. Yeah. The duck porridge there is damn nice man! Okay..after eating, we all went home.   Okay. Bascially what I did at home? I immediately plonked down on mah bed and started sleeping. HaHa. Pig! After that, it is terribly boring la.   YaY! Rupert won the second million dollar prize! YaY for him! Go Rupert! Oh yes! I forgot to mention about yesterdaty's AI results! America has done it again! They've voted off LaToya London, and putting Fantasia in the second-last placings! Oh my lord! I thought Jasmine was going (and she should...Diana, Fantasia and LaToya are too good!). Stupid right? Well, no surprise who's going next week. The two finalists I am predicting: Fantasia and Diana. Fun fact: They are both from Group 1, who entered the finalists together. Hopefully, they are ending together too! :)  Ahh! I am so tired le. I think I go sleep le. See ya next time! TaTa! Night blog!
    


	 
      Ergh! Just now the stupid computer go and delete my IE window! Qi shu wor!  Anyway, Wendy said she miss me. Heh. Yeah..we are leading two very busy lives, and hardly even have time to chat with each other. The only lnk between us is our blogs. HaHa. Yeah.. I miss her too what. I also feel quite guilty leh..like I am the last to know everything that happened to her. Yeah. Like not really being there for her (like I got help like that! HAHA! I always don't know how to say the rights things de la). Yeah...Ayiah, I am crapping la. So, yeah... I miss Wendy too, just so you know.  Yeah. That Tham ar! I don't find him cute anymore. He hor! He's dissappointed with our class la. For this week, he suddenly did a 360-degrees change! He became totally cold towards our class..and our class only lor. This is like ergh. I hate maths lessons this week. They are so cold! Brr! He hor, also very guo fen leh. Dissappointment is one thing. Targetting our group is another. He got mad at us and shouted lor. Like, what the heck! We all figured that he's mad because GekLing and her group isn't performing up to his standard..the same thing goes for the class. He isn't being professional like that leh...wearing his emotions on his sleeves when he teach. Ergh!   Er...what to comment? I dunnoe what to say le. Ayiah...mainly I am blogging so late. I think I end this blog with these two big events la. Yeah. So see ya next time! Night blog! TaTa!  
    


	 
      Okay. Wow! I came into Blogger, and I was blown away. It has a totally new look, and totally new way of blogging. Well, not new way. Not to Wendy at least. (Ha! I don't know why I suddenly mention her! :P to Wendy) Her format was almost smiliar to this thingy. For me, I needa get used to it.  Okie. Yesterday was Monday. Got new things? I did NAFA. Cheh. Disappointing in the sit-and-reach section. Oh well. The rest I hardly care.   During GP, that disgusting idiot (who else? MCP Meng Hau la) accused me of copying his group's answer for the Vocab Quiz. Oh please lor. Like they spelt correctly. I didn't even told Ben (the one writing the answer) anything, and we got it right somemore. Shoosh. They also know how to spell "coup de grace" (coo-de-gras)! They must have heard it while I was telling Ben the spelling! Fang si! Our group are the only groups that got it right, and they were sitting in front of us! Idiots! How dare they copy! Accusing me of copying somemore! Hypocrite!  Okay. During Choir, we recieved the news officially that Mr Liew is not gonna be our conductor anymore. Yeah. We were approached by Jeryl this morning, but we didn't sign anything. Yeah. Basically it is due to differences that built up over time. They even invited Mr Quek and Mr Tay to come explain. Mr Quek was funny..and so long-winded! I wanna watch my Survivor la! Yeah... After that, Jeryl and his friend wanted to quit choir, citing wanting to join Sports (train up for NS...ergh). Obviously, they are escaping. Lame reason if you ask me. Yeah.   Okay. Amber won Survivor! YaY! She was in the Final 2 with Rob. Rob even proposed on the revealing of results itself. Yeah. Ayiah..no matter the outcome, both of them will get the 1 million lor. Cheh. Heh heh! Amber even gave a car to Shii Ann! YaY! I am happy with the results, but I wished some other cats would be in the Final 2 instead. Like Kathy, Rupert, or even Shii Ann. Yeah.  Okie. Today. During GP, that MH irritated us again. We discussed on university entry and the class feels that JC students should get into U auto (unrealistic dreams...but ahh well...we can dream right). Yeah, tat idiot even butt in and said that poly students should not go to the university. WHAT THE FUCK! I got lotsa friends there lor! Are you saying every one of my friends is not good enough for Uni? So what if you got into JC? Does it gives you the authority to lord that pathetic fact over others? Please la...you are even a repeat student. My friends can do thousands time better than you, idiot! I didn't actually hear that statement (I heard it from CQ), I was too busy elsewhere, but there were cries of "That's unfair" in CQ's group (they all are anti-MH...I wanna join them!). He even made some stupid statement later, and Diana said loudly "You are narrow-minded" Wow! Coolies! I have been wanting to tell him that face to face! I admire her man! Next time, I should do that! Go on, you idiot MCP. Open your big mouth, sprout some nonsense, and I will make sure you will regret the moment you talked! Make my day!  Ergh. Qi xiao, qi xiao. There are better things to write than that idiot. Okay. One very very good piece of news. I GOT THE LETTER FROM RSS! Did I tell you anything? I dunnoe. I don't think so. Basically right, a few weeks ago, my friends received an invitation from RSS to go to RSS Award Ceremony to receieve some prize. I didn't get any...so I lost hope about 2-3 days of waiting. Yeah. I thought they were rewarding those who top their respective subjects in the Prelims. Well, apprently, they are also rewarding the 5As cats! YaY!! I was so happy when Father told me I got a letter from Riverside! YaY! I called almost everyone. CQ and WQ were indifferent (hmp!) and Siva, Joyce, Hann and Gloria were glad for moi! YaY! I get to skip Maths Lecture test too! HaHa! Tomorrow must ask CK if he got or not. He should get it one de la. So should Ping. We got 5As. If I got, why shouldn't they? Yep! :D I am so darn happy!   Yay! Okay, stop it KY. Yeah. I gotta go now. See ya next time! Night blog! TaTa!  EDIT: Ahh! I changed my layout and everything! There's this little function called "Comments". You can click on the link "comment" after every post (starting from this) and choose to add your comments about me post. Heh. All bloggers (especially Manda and Wendy ar!!) please link to your profile in your blogs! I wanna see! I wanna see! Heh heh. 
    


	 
      HaHa! I graduated from writing every two days to every three days! HaHa!   Okay. Friday. Friday morning we had Chem Lecture Test! Oh my lord! I spent most of my time on the 20 MCQ qns, leaving me with no time to do the 10-marks worth structured questions! Ergh!! Stupid la! Hmm...in the afternoon, we were spent doing PW proposal. HaHa! I made CQ and Gloria wait for me...heh heh. Actually, I told them not to wait when I realized that I am not gonna go off early. Yeah. We actually scanned in the proposal form and then typed words in there. Crazy us! But we loved our final result a lot! HaHa! Great job to us all!  Okay. Sat morning we had a Maths Lecture tests. Things were not looking good here, sweetie. After the test, we went to so many places, including Ten Mile Junction. HaHa. We found a $5 note in the rubbish bin, and WQ actually picked it up. Okay. I got hold of the note eventually. HaHa. We pledged to donate that to some organization we happen to chance upon later. They went to Woodlands Stadium to train their running. I was the Timer. HaHa. After the training, we went to eat at Causeway Point. Hmm. I donated that note to a person collecting donations for the Children's Society. According to Gloria, the guy's expression was really shocked (I didn't see, coz i was too busy slotting in that note, and he is so tall). HaHa!   We went back home. I went back with an additional item. CQ's EZ-Link Card. HaHa! Yeah. We are supposed to go for the class BBQ. We are meeting GekLing at Clementi  to get to Debra's condo. Yeah. I was so tired that I slept that afternoon. For an hour though. Then I went online and after that, watched my taped Pokemon.   Yeah. I met CQ at the Marsiling station, then we went to Clementi lor. I was reading my newly-brought Charmed book, Inherit A Witch. Yeah. We saw Meng Hau and gang at the platform. What luck. That MH is a laughing stock! He has absolutely no fashion sense at all! His skin-tight pants doesn't suit him, neither does his tiny little bag. A big-sized person like him with such a small bag? Ergh...wrong picture people! He saw my book and asked if I watched Charmed. I replied yes tersely and expected some misogynist-remarks coming out of his mouth. Well, he said something like "they go around blowing people up like this (mimicks Piper)" He got the facts wrong. Not THEY. Only Piper. What an insult to Charmed! Whatever la. Crap. We met GekLing, Zahiah and Jul and got onto bus 154.  We arrived at the condo soon after. We saw Kelvin, JiaHao and Debra. The two guys were half-naked, and I thought they went swimming. It turns out that they have been feeling hot and took off their shirts. Anyhoo, we started to grill chicken wings. It's really hard work grilling them! HaHa. MCP commented "I really hand it to you guys (me adn CQ)! So good cooks! I never stepped into the kitchen, so I don't know anything about cooking". I replied sarcarstically (with low breath, but the people surrounding me can hear), "Yeah, because you didn't want to step into one. Shoosh". Kelvin laughed and said "That's why you don't support house-husbands right?"   It was sure hard work girlling chicken wings, but it is harder grilling hot dogs and crab meats. Damn. They take a long time to grill, and you can't place them on the girll itself, or else they will blackened. Yeah. It was around 7.30+ then I got to eat. John joined us then. After eating, me and CQ were like loitering around, playing card games and such. We wanted to book the pool table, but someone else have booked it liao. No pool for us. Hmm. They were also trying to dunk people into the pool. HaHa! After that, to clear the food, we played Zhong Ji Mi Ma. I kena once, and have to eat some of the really spicy stingray! Oh my lord! Hot hot hot hot!! After all the food has been gobbled, we cleaned up. Hmm. We went off at 11.   Me and CQ waited for bus 963, while the others took a different bus home. Hmmm. That MH was very naggy, saying something like "Be careful hor! Must xiao xin" and all that crap. I repled back sarcarstically "Don't worry. I won't fall down!" Such a nag. We waited quite a while for the bus to come, then even a longer while to reach Woodlands Interhchange. By that time, I've finished with my book. I reached home at 12am+. HaHa. Yah. I had fun there! :)  Okay. Today was quite okay. Huang Ah Ma finally came to persuade them to come! Oh my god! It was to touching! I was bascially tearing away for the entire episode! So touching! Okay Okay. I completed my GP essay and my Phys tutorial and my Maths homework. Hmm. Good for moi!   Die le la. Tomorrow's NAPTA. I dun think I can pass Standing Broad Jump and chin ups. Mian qiang I can pass Shuttle Run and Sit-Ups. I am so passing Sit-And-Reach. Yeah. Ayiah...why say die le la. I don't even care anyway. Shoosh.   HaHa. I just chatted with Ben. I felt it was so silly to even have fights now. So childish. So I decided to talk to him lor. Say hi. Actually, I have been considering that long ago, but only today I got so sick of my cowardice that I IMed him lor. HaHa. He was very surprised that I was talking to him. It turns out that he has been planning to resolve our differences, but like me, he don't have the guts to do anything about it. Oh well. Sometimes in life, you have to take the initiative and say hi. You will never get anything done if you keep deliberating. So yeah. HaHa. Glad to be talking to him again. Meow!  So yep. I gotta go sleep liao. TaTa! See ya next time! Night blog!
    


	 
      Heya! Hmm. 2 days le. 2 very busy days. HaHa. I am forever busy de la, you say. Yeah, correct lor.   Wed what was I doing? Basically nothing lor. We went to this Habits course. It's a good course, the lecturer is real nice and all. Yeah. I was doing my Chinese homework at night, then rushed online at 9 to check stuff for project work. Yeah. Do you know? For reading an article at NewsLink, the school have to pay $2? 2 bucks per article viewed. Wow!   Today, Mr Tham said that by signing your 2 years at a JC, you are signing out your free time. Yeah. He's damn right. I have hardly a time for leisure at weekends now, provided, of course, I have no homework for the next day. I just came online after doing my Chem titration calculations. Ergh! Anyway, he's funny today. Yeah. He calls our homework "ta pao" and he really went to label the maths problems "T.P. 1 and T.P. 2"! Oh my god! He's so funny and cute! We laughed when we saw the labels lor. What a funny teacher! HAHAHA! :D  Ayioh! Die le la. Tomorrow got Chem test. I didn't really study. Wait. Let me rejurigate the hydrocrarbon combustion equation [CxHy + (x + y/4)O2 --> xCO2 + (y/2)H2O]. Okay. That one done. Yeah. Redox. Must know the equations de leh. Ayiah...so idioitc. I never memorized, and I think I will do it tomorrow la. Ayiah..the test is actually during our lecture, and that's the first period of the day. How to study? Meow la!  Today I went home after Chem tutorial with Zahiah (correct spelling? Dunnoe..too lazy to take out class list and check) and Aisha. HaHa. Zahiah and me take the same bus back (964/913) and she stops at the stop before Admiralty. HaHa. Yay! Finally someone in our class living near moi. Heh Heh!   Damn it. I feel so tired. I still got unfinished businesses! Darn! Okay...I gotta get going. See ya later! Night blog!
    


	 
      Heya! Okay....I really haven't been blogging. Ayioh...I got a perfectly good reason for this ar.  You see, there is this Sasser worm that was spreading now right? Well, it started on 1st May..and I was very unlucky enough to get hit on the very day it started. Yeah..basically right, whenever I switched on my computer, 15 minutes later, the virus will strike and command an auto-shutdown of the computer within a minute. This is such a vicious never-ending cycle. Sigh! Anyway, on Sunday, Uncle Steven came and installed XP Pro for me, which is supposedly better la. Yeah. On Monday, Microsoft releashed a patch, which I downloaded and cure the problems. So yay!  Sat what happened? Oh yeah. I went down to play badminton with the cats la. Got lotsa people there. Hmm. That Joyce ar! Go and announce that I like WQ. Ayioh! I said times and times again, it was a joke. Made me so embarassed some more. That WQ exclaimed "KY liked me ar?" Anyway, after that was lunch, which was pretty spicy. HaHa. Okay...after that me, KS, WQ went to Hann's house to watch Miss Congeniality. What a nice show! "If only I have a brain!" HAHAHA! After that, we went to take a NeoCard. What a nice NeoCard! HaHa! I am keeping it in one of my photoframes. HaHa.  Okay. Sunday. Nothing much to report on. My computer was basically much cleaned. Well, the downloaded installations are there, but I have to reinstall the files all over again. Hmm. Will do  that when I am ultra-free. Most prob on a weekend. Yep.  Okay. Monday's PE was surprisingly moderate. I am glad it was not heavy. Yeah. Monday's choir was cancelled due to the absence of Mr Liew, so yay. Oh yes. Remind me to tell Gerald Ng Siva said hi. Yes. When we were walking home, we have very interesting conversations. Now now, I wouldn't reveal what it is. It has been a real eye-opener for some, laughs for everyone. Yeah. That basically sums it up. :)  Today hor...the mass PE was a horror again. Well, I managed to skip doing jumping jacks, which was real crafty of me. Yay to me! Okay. Today was not so bad. We got a Physics lecture test, and I am fairly confident that I can pass. Yeah. What else? I hate Meng Hau. Okay. Check. Oh yes. I completed me homework before coming online. Yay for me as well.   Okay. I am tired le. Yeah. I will end this blog. See ya next time! Night blog!
    


	 
      Sigh. Okay. Here goes today.  Heh. Okay. Today Gloria-scaring has taken on new heights! Yes! Janet has proudly joined the team! Now there are two scarers! HaHaHa! I originally planned to change it to Thursday instead, to drop her guards and do a proper scare on Thursday. However, the fates (8 Days Horoscope) informed me that Thursday is a bad choice, because Piceans will fall out will their friends areound end of the week. So there are no changes. Hmm! Me and Janet planned another strategy for tomorrow use! Heh Heh!  Right. Okay. We were almost late for Physics. Luckily we were not. Sigh. Paper 1 sucks. Tricky questions. 1/3 of the questions were done by guessing. Rather, logical guessing. Oh well. Sigh.  Paper 2 ain't that much better. Short questions kinda sucks. The long questions ain't better either. Sigh. Fail le la. I only know the forces question. That I am confident of scoring. Only. Pathetic.   Okay. Went home. I am planning to study Gas Law later. Then tomorrow I would have only Chem Bonding to study. Yeah. And there's another fic waiting for me. Sigh. Not slash this time though. Yeah.  I think I go study Gas Law. See ya next time! Oh yes! There's cause for celebration tomorrow! YAY! Even ducks and cats are meowing and celebrating the end of exams! Wee-woo! Right. TaTa! Night blog!
    


	 
      O.O! My my my! What a day!  Okay. In the morning, regrettably (not), I did not study for Maths. Ayiah! I find it hard to study during the morning de! Or the night. Sigh! I memorized the R-Formula though. YaY! Good job to me!  Hmm. Today I tried to scare Gloria again. Heh. I gave myself away because I was laughing and laughing. Heh Heh! I got a new plan tomorrow! I cannot reveal, in case Gloria reads it tomorrow! Yes! I got a devious plan!!   Okay. We are meeting CQ and WQ at CCK. We met CQ on the train. That terrible WQ idiot! Don't know how to ling huo ying bian! Don't even think analytically! Planned carefully when he arrives. But please! Like he knows the scheldule of the trains! He still dares blame the train being late somemore! HELLO! Trains don't have fixed schedules! Don't even know how to think out of the box one leh! Yesterday's comprehension taught us to set some time for emergency (that's why I find it easy. I am already doing that everytime. I know perfectly well what's the passage's saying!). He obviously did not follow its advice! Ayioh!!!! That freaking guy! He complains everyone being late leh! However, he is, most often than not, the one who is late! HAIYOH! How can he complain about others when he himself is late? Totally immoral, I tell ya! If he's doing it tomorrow, we will set off without him! He will not make it big with that kind of stuck-in-the-box mindset! Think everyone/thing is supposed to work for him, go with his wishes, want the train come then they will come. Ha! What does he think he is? 'Yoh! I am terribly pissed!  Okay. Enough about him. I did not eat a proper lunch. A dessert. Chinchow with longan. I find the one at the Woodlands Central nicer. Meow. Janet joined us. After lunch, we have to rush up to buy eraser for Gloria. Then rush down to catch buses. We were almost late.   Okay. Onto the maths paper. Sigh. Fail le la. Okay. I spent too much time on the front questions, totally neglected the last few questions. I did not do the last two ones, so 13 marks gone. For the third last, I know how to do, but I have no time! Qi shi wor! Sigh. Then the earlier questions. One or two I dunnoe. The rest I only know how to do the first part. Sigh. Fail le la!  Okay. We meowed around. Got our 'new' timetable. Nothing's changed, except they added a 0.5h of CT/Assembly between Maths and Mass PE on Tuesday. Sigh. No more break le. Tis okay la. At least all of our scheldule's intact and fine. YaY!   Okay. We got back. Well, I didn't really intensive Physics studying. Just read through the Physics notes. Heh. I even fell asleep once. Oh I meow! HeHe.   Woah! Just now we got blackout wor! The official report is that there was a disruption in the gas supply from Indonesia! O.O Anyhoo, it scared me leh. I was writing the first line (luckily wor!) when the power got cut off.   Okay. The whole house was terribly pitch-black! I can't even see! I later used my phone's light to shin. Woah lao..I need to feel my way through to make it to parents room. I opened the window and see the other blocks were pitch-black too. It's quite serene and quiet. Like very calm. No lights...the sky looked grey. Nice. Torchlights were found. I called CQ they all. O.O! Looks like everyone, except Gloria, were affected. Heh. Lucky girl!  Without the fans, I was sweating all over! All over!! So hot! I quickly went outside to chui feng. We met Edmund and Cara outside. After about 30 minutes (they were the longest 30 minutes of my life! It felt like an hour! Or more), the lights were restored. Everyone cheered! YaY! I quickly came online lor.  Heh Heh. What a night! Meow moo meow! I gotta go now. See ya next time with reports on how scaring Gloria goes! TaTa! Night blog!
    


	 
      Okay. Today is Chinese exam. Heh. I did no studying for it. Oh meow.  Right. Our exam's in the hall. Well, I am even sitting on the front row. How meowful. Okay. For Paper 1, I did the conversation thingy. Ha! It's about Da Sao not wanting anymore kids due to stress. I had fun writing about the topic. I somehow made my essay funny. Heh. Even CQ commented, "How come all your essays got add some funny bits one?". Ayioh. I figured that if the examiner don't laugh when reading essays, most likely I would get a lousy mark. Might as well make them laugh right? Actually, that's not true. I am not a boot-licker. I just want to be funny. Heh.   Okay. Paper Two's quite ayioh... The first section about filling in the words...Sigh. I only know one word, 'fu' in 'chong dao fu zhe'. Heh Heh. At least it is better than nothing. The rest I found was relatively easy. The comprehension, thankfully, was not a killer. I can actually coherently answer the questions! Usually I would blunder through the passage. Ain't that something? The summary was a killer. I wrote rubbish. Heh. 20 marks ma. Might as well write something.   Okay. After MT's done and over with, we (me, Janet, WQ, CQ and Gloria) went to McDonalds. Somehow, I got an upsized McNuggets EVM for just $4.75! The others were so shocked! I was too. Oh well. I da shen te shen wor! After that, Janet went home and the rest of us went to the library to study Maths.  Stupid ole me forgot to bring the writing pad. I have to go all the way to Popular to buy a pad. Then I helped WQ photocopy some notes, then I went back.   Heh. Am I productive today? Nah-ah. I only did one chapter. ONE chapter on APGP. Heh. Sigh. I die le la, tomorrow. Hann came. I gave him the tape I helped him record. Hmmm. I even helped him buy a Cashcard to photocopy notes from CQ. Oh my meow.   We ended at 4.50+. Oh well. That's all the studying we can take, I guess. Me and Gloria met Esther on the 913 bus. Heh Heh. We chatted and chatted. Oh! Looks like she's in NYJC choir too. Which means our conductor is the same. Heh Heh!   Coming home, I came online. Blah blah. MNI's still not done yet! More than a week of maintenance! BAH! I can't stand it anymore! Meow moo meow moo!!  I recently got this Shareware Image Editor, GIMP. Well, TNP said it works as well as Adobe. Actually not. You can't import backgrounds, can't change the fonts and their colors. Ergh. Is it so hard to make a decent banner?!! Sigh!   Okay. Oh my! I realized that this is the first of many Monday entries that ended before Friends started. YaY! What a wonder!  Oh yes. I just heard this Fact of the Day from Jamie's Say It With Music. It turns out that the state of Michigan in USA has more varieties of trees than the continent of Europe. O.O Interesting! You really learn something new everyday from Say It With Music! Now I sound like Jamie Yeo plugging her own show. Heh Heh.   Okay. I gotta get going. See ya next time! TaTa! Night blog!
    


	 
      FUCK!!! My diary entry!!! FUCK!!!!!!!!! FUCK!!!!!!!! Stupid thing!!!!!! AHHHH!   Yesterday   Okay. I am only gonna talk about the concert. My mood's totally destroyed. Right. Me, CQ, Gloria and HuiMin planned to eat dinner. Yes, we did eat dinner. SL joined us. How surprising.  After dinner, we met Janet, PY and Joyce and we proceeded towards YJ. FUCK. Okay. Enough swearing! Okay. En route, I noticed that some twigs resembled a dead rat's tail. So I pointed out "Si Lao Shu!". It made everyone looked and gasp. Heh. A few simple words can cause such a huge pandemonium.   Right. The concert. The first and last song, "Sing and Rejoice" and "One Song Many Voices" respectively, are what our choir is practising. Yes. It sounded quite nice, but the maturity ain't there.   I enjoyed each and every school's performances. They did a good job.  Yes. I have to comment on YJ Chorale. They are the reason (Actually HL is) why I was at the concert yesterday. YJ did well, although I almost fell asleep at some songs. Or maybe I was daydreaming. ;) (That didn't feel right (the typing) the second time round. FUCK! There goes the candidness of this entry!) Anyhoo, I felt the Bass section did especially well. Their voices were clear and good. I didn't hear much of the other sections, SAT, being so distinct. Yeah. Anyhoo, well done YJ Chorale!  Okay. When we came out, we were greeted by the fucking rain. Only three of us (all from Admiralty) and CQ brought umbrellas and there were 8 of us. That rounds up to an umbrella for every two of us. I ended up sharing with CQ, while I lent mine to SL and Joyce. We took the train and went home.    Today   Okay. We went out in the afternoon. We watched Tou Long Zhuan Feng. HAHA! (I feel so fake for putting HAHA! I am NOT in a laughing mood right now. Stupid hangs! Spoil everything...) Her quirkiness and fiesty attitude reminds me of XiaoYan Zi (Ooo! Her initals is XYZ! How funny!). Yes.   Anyhoo, I was also reading this HD slash-mpreg fic,  urlLink (Crying Over) Spilt Potions . MPreg means male pregnancy. Guess who got pregnant? Read and find out! Such a lovely story!  Okay. We went to AMK Central to eat lunch. Then we went to Jubliee Entertainment Centre to make my Popular Discount Card (Fuck again! It seems like my I/C number is written wrongly. The person wrote '7' in my temporary card, but put '9' in the register. Sigh. Have to correct the mistake. Okay. It looks like the cashier typed wrongly. See! Look at the efficiency of Admin people!! I am so never trusting them!) . YaY! I got the 20% Discount thingy.  I used that to buy two books, A Tale of Two Pipers (the last book!! Luckily!) and Artemis Fowl (finally!). That Mother! I placed the 20% discount thingy on the counter and the cashier saw it. My mother felt the need to remind her the existance of the big blatant discount voucher on the counter top. I am sure the cashier got annoyed. I can see it in her eyes. MOTHER!! I hate it when she does that. People have eyes to see! I am sure she will get terribly annoyed when a customer does that to her. I hope someone does (like put a $10 bill on the table and say "There's a $10 bill"). Then she won't do that to others again. Besides, I am the one making the transaction. NOT her. I can make transaction perfectly FINE, without annoying cashiers too, on MY own. Terrible embarassment! I am a firm believer of not offending other people and putting them down. At least not to strangers. If we don't co-exist peacefully, what will the world become?  Right. We went home, I watched Simpson, blah blah blah.  Right. I did no revision. Sigh. Whatever la. Crap.   I gotta get going. Tomorrow's MT. I am sure flunking it. Sucks la. See ya next time! TaTa! Night blog!
    


	 
      Oh right. This window has been open since like forever! Actually, I was reading  urlLink The Depths of Winter . Heh Heh. Yeah. Yet another slash. Oh well.  Yes! In the morning, I went to the polyclinic to look at me leg again. Sigh. I knew waiting time's gonna be long. I am almost finish with book 1 of HZGG, so I decided to bring the second book along!   Aha! I was right! I even have time to read 70 pages of book 2. I don't know how much time elapsed. Definitely more than an hour. Yeah.  Well, the doctor was friendly. He's such a nice guy! Oh my my! After that, I went out and was passing by some chairs when I saw Mdm Matthews. She apparently turned her head at that moment and saw me. He exchanged greetings and I went on my way.   Hmm. CQ and I met later. His house was on the way ma, and we are going to the library. Just so coincidentially, we met Gloria while going down the escalators. Heh.   It was a mad rush to the library! The food takes so long to be cooked!! Sigh. Luckily, we managed to grab a table on the 1st floor. We studied Chem. Heh. I was the tutor. I felt so proud of myself. :P Nah, all of us are equally good.   Okay. My cheng qie act still continued. And today, CQ informed me that if I was to call myself cheng qie again, he would be forced to call me *ahem*. Right. That shut my mouth up. *Shudders at the thought* Well, not for long. I became nu pi. Servant. :P Okay. My nonsense still carries on, with pleasure. Heh.  Right. I am also teaching a class on "Overcoming Your Shyness!" for CQ, Gloria and WQ. They are terribly shy! Aiyoyo! I am up to  Chapter 1: Bring Out The Confidence! . Then all of them went off to do their own things. Eating, devotion and whatnot. Sigh. What a rowdy class I have. Naughty pupils!! So adorable!  Right. Now I have to go back to a new fic I am reading.  urlLink Time Out Of Place  Yeah. See ya next time. TaTa! Night blog!
    


	 
      Okay. I haven't have much time to go over the day in really full details. Yes! I admit! I am, once again, sucked into the world of fanfiction, this time immersing myself in  urlLink Per Solumn Lacuna: By Words Alone . Terrible! Heh.   Right. I planned to zheng CQ. By making myself his gui fei. The favored concubine, in other words. See. Told ya I am getting more and more disgusting.   HaHA. When I met Gloria, I was planning to zheng her also. She was already down her block awaiting for me. I was surprised. I was planning to greet her when she comes out of the lift. No matter. I ran towards her, do the mock bow-thingy (both hands on the left waist and did a sorta-mini-squat) and exclaimed loudly "chen qie chan jian lao fuo ye. Lao fuo ye qian shui qian shui qian qian shui" (It means "the concubine pays respect to empress dowager. long live the dowager!") Gloria was laughing and laughing and laughing. Heh.   Right. I was about to greet CQ that. Ayioh! He spoilt my fun. I saw WQ and hurried over. He seems to be in a daze. Then, I sense someone besides me. I turned over and saw CQ. I was so shocked to see him there that I forgot my lines! AHHH! Qi shi wo wor!!! Heh. There goes my surprise!   Well, I did tell him later. He was like O.o o.O . Right. Heh Heh. I kept calling him Huang Shan (Emperor) and Gloria Lao Fuo Ye (Empress Dowager). Well, WQ was Xu Gong Gong (Xu Eunch). Heh.   Right. We studied in the library and I managed to study 2 Chem chapters. Oh well.   Ayiah...there ends my crazy day! I gotta get back to mah fic. See ya next time! TaTa! Night blog!
    


	 
      Right. Today I did not revision. I was out the whole morning, and I was addicted to my cravings of  urlLink Welcome To The Real World . Thus, I did no studying today.   Right. Today morning we all went out. The first place we went to AMK Market! Guess what we ate? Did you guess correctly? It's popiah! Oh no! What have I typed? It's ku meen!! Yes! Mushrooms noodles! What a nice ku meen!! I love ku meen!! Ku meen is very nice!! Yummy!!  After that we went to NTUC Fairprice. They brought lotsa things, including waffles!! YAY! Even waffles are nice to eat!  After that we went to some POSB Branch in Yishun to make my ATM card! YaY! I finally made an ATM card! HaHa! The teller made me do a survey on her customer service and I ticked excellent for all (except for "Time", which i ticked Good). She's really good ma. She's very friendly with me. Smiled and talked a lot. Yay! The pin is a 6-numbered code that goes: ******. Yes! That's how it shows on the screen, doesn't it? You get what you see. Even my ATM Card is so blue and shiny!  Yes. After that we went to Causeway Point to buy my present. HaHa! My present was the Yang Guang Xi Lie 7 and American Idol 3 Greatest Soul Soundtrack. YAY! HAHA! My mother also brought the Charmed soundtrack, but I have to pay her back. Sigh. YAY! I got 3 CDS. I just listened to Yan Guang xi Lie! Not bad, not bad at all! I like the songs! Good job, KY!  Right. We went to look at the Singnet 1500 plan. Well, it's isn't much better than our current one lor. Sigh. I ended up signing up for Anti-Spam and Virus Scanning features. Ayioh...thhat counter lady somehow assumed that I wanted Web Filtering as well. I DID NOT say that! Oh my god! I corrected her, and my mother confirmed my choices in a loud and clear voice. Even so, I don't trust her. I never trusted admin people anyway. Ever since Cheng Shan Primary admin made a blotcher and omitted out "Kelvin" from the register, causing me much emotional and psychology scars in secondary school. Ayioh!! What if there's a filtering service? I shudder to think what the protective Singaporean government blockheads will filter out! God forbid! I may not even read slash anymore! Or go to Wiccan websites! Those close-minded idiots! I hate the government. I am so gonna complain if there's a filtering service added in my bill!   Okay. What happened next? Ahh yes. We went to eat lunch at Woodlands Central. Hmm. Even sheng mian is nice. Also longan with grass jelly. Even the longan season is coming! Weeee!   After that, I came back la. Sigh. Despite my resolve to study, the craving for the fanfic overpowered my freewill and thinking, and thus, I went online to read that nice fanfic!   Heh. Went for dinner at 6. Me and Siva smsed each other. I was actually playing with medieval words. Heh. I missed her. Ayioh!! Siva mah friend!   Meow. Right. I just have to ruin my fun and tell Gloria I was planning a surprise. Well, it ain't really a surprise. I just wanted something to zheng CQ. Heh. I am getting more and more 'disgusting' everyday. Might be the influence of Dray (friend of author of Something More) and Mike (character in Welcome to the Real World). Heh. Anyhoo, I got my idea from Huan Zhu Ge Ge. Heh.  Ahh well. Right. What else? Nothing more right? Then I gotta get going! See ya next time! TaTa! Night blog!
    


	 
      Right. I was about to blog, when dinner calls. Well, gotta go eat dinner first. Be right back.  Yeah. Back. While waiting for 8pm to come so I can watch my shows, I will blog.   Ergh!! I am pretty angry at that Mr Lim. He used bloodlines and brotherhood to make me teach my brother Chem. (I did complain about it right? Never mind, hearing it one more time won't kill you) I was pretty pissed off. I can teach and I want to teach de lor. He doesn't need to be so commanding about it. Use bloodlines to pressure me some more. I am gonna make my brother fib and say that I haven't taught him. I want to show Mr Lim lian she (my annoyance)! Ergh!!! I am so fed up! Being forced kills my passion!  Right. I deviated from mah day. Right. We went to the library to do Maths. On the way, I told Gloria how CQ bluffed me into getting all curious over a non-existant person. Ergh! You ar! I feel so tired. I just slept. Heh. Tired sia!! Tired!!  Right. Be Right back. Appararently, 8pm just came.   Oh my god! Darren died! He died....oh my god.... Shock!! Shock!!  Right. Back to the day itself. That Koo Wen Qiang didn't come!! AHH! I wrote my interview so nicely and so full of emotion some more leh! A very difficult thing to do when you have commercials to distract you! Yes!  Anyhoo, we ate dessert. Then we waited outside the library. It's the big squeeze and running for tables again. I ran like a mad cat upstairs.   Well, we studied. I studied about 4 chapters. Exponential, Bionomial, Partial Fractions and Inequalities. Yeah. We met Hann and I went down to talk to him. Meow moo!  At4+, we finished studying and we went to Mac to eat large fries. Yeah. Coming back was meowful, then blah blah blah.  Ahhh! I am engrossed in yet another fanfic! Ahh! I can't concentrate! I gotta go read me fics. TaTa! See ya next time! Night blog!
    


	 
      Okay! Forca! What a meowing song! Yes! I got the song! YaY!   Okay. I've found out this title thingy la. HaHa. Slow. Maybe I'll start using titles, but it's kinda hard to sum up the whole day in a phrase. And maybe if I'm wu liao, I will start titling all the other posts too.  Right. Today we went back to school to attend Maths Lecture for test corrections. HaHa. It's the first time I went to school with Janet and Gloria. HaHa! Yeah.   Me and CQ feel like extra like that. We took a different test ma. I spent the time talking to WQ (and scratching his face) and ignoring poor CQ. Sorry la!! I don't mean it one! I will talk to you, okay? :D  Okay. Friend's time. Be right back at 10.30.   Backity back! HAHAHAHA! Another 30 minutes of insane laughter! I am so enjoying Friends! Yeah.  Okay. Back to today. Me, WQ, Gloria and CQ went to Causeway Point. Poor WQ cat. We left him out of the conversation most of the time. Well, not that he really minded. He got QingTing to talk to on the train. But we felt kinda bad anyway. It's like the three of us got some kind of bond from being together for so long. Yeah.   Anyhoo, we met XC and KS and we decided to go eat Mos Burger. Actually, they decided. I grumbled about the high cost. And I ended up being the one who paid the most. Heh.   After that they went to tour Causeway la. We stopped at the steps on the 7th floor, waiting for Hann. Well, I was very quiet. Even CQ, Gloria and KS noticed. Why cannot quiet? I don't feel like talking ma. Yeah la. It's because of XC la. I am just not comfortable round him, due to that incident long ago. And you know me. When I am uncomfortable, I just freeze up. Also bo pian ar. They wanted to meet up with us de. So I just tagged along, silently.   On the steps, we witnessed a horrific incident! Somebody spilled coke. The cleaner actually made the parents wiped the floor lor. Ordering her around. HELLO! That was supposed to be his job. Like it's the baby's fault that he spilled Coke. The woman actually snapped at him. Jia you! I was actually waiting for that guy to come over to our side so I can be rude to him (Say "Haiyoh!! So rude!!" loudly). I can't stand people like him. Too bad I don't have the chance. I was actually glaring at him and seriously considering spilling my water on the floor. However, I remembered I was in PJ school uniform, so I cannot do things to disgrace the school. How I wish I was not in uniform! Sigh!   Before Hann can arrive, we went home first. Me, WQ, Gloria and CQ. Me and Gloria took the bus home. Yes.   Okay. After bathing and whatnot, I went online and conducted the course. Yes. Even courses are fun and educational. Then I went to read another H/D slash. That story was so touching! I kept crying from the middle chapters onwards. The angst, the happiness, the joys, the sadness. So overpowering! I kept having twingling feelings all over me! Such powerful emotions! Great story.  I went for dinner and all. Ayiah, that's not important. Gloria wanted the link. Well, she can't take slash that well. Heh. Well, beyond gay sex, it is really a powerful story. A great one. HaHa. Each to her own preferences la. If she's uncomfortable with it, I guess it's unlikely she can feel the high emotions the author manages to evoke out of the readers. Yeah.   I wrote Gloria's testimonial. Well. I think it sucks. I don't know. I'll write a better one next time. Yeah.   You know what? The three of us are so close that relatively no secrets are hidden from each other. They get revealed some point in time, no matter within an hour or months. Yeah. HaHa! See how open we are with each other? Very!  Hmm. See. I am jiemei with Gloria, now I am xiongdi with CQ. HaHa! Hilarious story how I winded up being both. Anyhoo, meow. :P  Oh yes! I did WQ's interview. Well, Question 3 and 4 were the same and I answered them as one. I wrote a really long answer. HaHa. I was kinda cynical la. But I was speaking the truth. Honestly, I think their group did not really looked at the issue thoroughly. Maid abuse cannot be prevented. It can be lessened, possibly. Prevented? Nah.  Right. I gotta get going. See ya next time! Night blog! TaTa!
    


	 
      Okay. I am meowing online now. Yes.   Today was a boring day. Okay. Not really. I was constantly occupied.  Well, in the morning, I was reading a fanfic. With lotsa pairings, Ginny/Draco is the main one. Wow. I love that pairing. HaHa! I am turning into a Ginny/Draco shipper too! HaHa! I am now currently enjoying Harry/Draco and Ginny/Draco. Well, anything with Draco in it is fun. He's such a great character to work with in slash and ships. He's quite versatile. I like him, even though he's an evil git in the canon, doesn't mean he's one in fandom. :P Heh.   One fic I wouldn't approve is Snape slash/pairings. Ergh! Somehow, I can't imagine Snape in any kind of relationship. It's like...ergh. Ha. *Shudders*  I've turned into a fanfic person all of a sudden! Ha! I am always engrossed in a fic. I am reading one right now, that almost all of the MNIers are saying it's good.  urlLink The Lodger  by Mad Martha. Ha!   I will complete this fast la. Yes. Today I completed the PoA game! Weee! Such a fun game! The Demontor attack was really hard...but phew, I managed to scrape past. HaHa!   Yes. After that were more fic. I was immersed in this series, The Wildest Dreams. I stopped after Number 3, a Snape pairing. That turned me off Snape pairings forever. HaHa! Ewwww.... Also, I was reading  urlLink A World Without , an AU where Harry and gang is totally Muggle. Of course, this is a H/D slash.   Yes. I brought dinner. I then went to make a some worksheets for today's tuition. I am tutoring my brother Chem. I am teaching Kinetic Energy today. Lets see how it turns out.  Well. Firstly, his chem teacher sucks. You know what he wrote for "Using Kinetic Theory, explain why is the fuel used in car a liquid?"? He wrote "because the liquid can dissolve and give power to the car" and it was actually marked right!! I was so shocked and surprised!! Such a teacher exists!!   Well, I taught him. He got the basic concepts. He needs more work though, but it's quite remarkable, comparing to what he wrote in the test. He did the worksheet, I corrected it and made him do corrections. Hmm. He better show Mr Lim what I've done. He has been chastising me to teach my brother. I hate it when he does it you know. Use that "brothers relationship" to force me to do things. I would do it one lor. No need to force. When I'm forced, I tend not to do things, even though I like/want to do them. I'll tell him on Tuesday. Sigh. I enjoy teaching.   Yes. I am now waiting to download Forca by Nelly Furtado! Such a nice song. Yes! Unfortunately, I am at number 29 in the queue list. Pathetic.   Right. I should be off reading The Lodger now. See ya next time! TaTa! Night blog!
    


	 
      Hey Hey! What a day! Even the basketball is feeling baskety today!  Right. I woke up bright and early at 7.45, to prepare to go out to play bball. Yes! Even the birds are chirping and the sun is shining and the cats are meowing downstairs. Actually, there are no cats downstairs, and I didn't hear any birds chirping, and the sun isn't really bright at 7.45am. I am crapping.  Yes. I met Gloria and HL at the 911 busstop. They are wearing red and grey respectively. We were early. CQ came shortly after, wearing red. PY and SQ then arrived, wearing dunnoe-what-color and white respectively. Joyce then arrived, wearing grey.   Yes! We waited around and around for the basketball court to empty. Well, half of it anyway. It never did. We sat around waiting for KS, He told us to go play first, he will join us later. Yeah. We then went to the court with less shade and more sun!   We bade farewell to PY halfway and continued our tiring trek towards the court. We always end up there de. We played some ball. What a meowing and mooing game. KS soon joined us. We play more games.   Hmm. After that, we went to Causeway Point. CQ and Joyce went off to go home and eat. HL went off later to go meet with her PW group. Left me, Gloria, SQ and KS. We went up to the foodcourt to meet up with Hann and XC.   We ate lunch la. Me and Gloria ate duck porridge again. I ate popiah also. What a meowing choice of food!  After that, we went popiah. Me and Gloria just walked around while the guys were playing this and that. Ayiah,..after going to the arcade, Hann left.   The 4 of us decided to go play pool. Joyce joined us soon after. We played for 2 hours. Hmm. Meow! After that, we went home. Me and Gloria took 913 bus home. Yes! Even ducks are meowing.   I reached home, took a bath, played PoA, ate dinner and here I am online.  Ayioh! I feel so guilty! I didn't study for my exams at all, and not even touched my homework. I guess I better start on Monday. Sigh.   Well, I gotta go! Even ducks will do well to remember 18. Yes. See ya. TaTa! Night blog!
    


	 
      Heya! What a day! Yeah. I didn't post yesterday lor. I mean, my account of yesterday. Yes.    Yesterday   Well, I went to PW meeting. Yeah. We discussed about our plans lor. Well, I ate Shrooms Meal. I ordered Shrooms Meal. It was very very nice! Even the mushrooms were quishy and squashy.   Yeah. We discussed our plans lor. YaY! We da gong gao cheng. Meow moo. We ended around 2+ and we went home.  Oh my god! I finished reading The Time Traveler's Wife. Oh my god! Henry!!! Poor thing...The story is so touching! Henry and Clare's love story. Alba. I don't knw how to describe it! It's beyond words! I rate it 4 out of 5 stars!   Yes. Anyhoo, after that I went online, then I went to play PoA. After that, I met Gloria.  O.O! O.O! o.O! O.o! O.O!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Shaking with laughter. HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!  Right. CQ just woke up leh! He's such a poor thing! We went to eat lor. After dinner, we met CQ. He's wearing his pale pink shirt. HAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!! I can't stand it! I am gonna roll down the floor and laugh to death!!!!   I am about to be bludgeoned to death. Yes. We reached the Singapore Conference Hall at 7.40+ and we got seated. Ayioh!! A bunch of idiots sat behind us, and they spoilt the ambience! They even ate things!! Oh my lord!!! They were talking too...oh my lord! Sigh. Uneducated ducks.   The concert's very nice! I loved the Wonderings, and all the contemporary pieces! Yes! After that, we went home.   Oh my my my my! I had such a busy night! Actually, this should be classified under Today, since it is past 12am.   TODAY   Yes. I had a busy early morning SMSing. Laden with advice, I am ready to dispense them to those who needs it more than I do! Such is the generosity of me! Well, I slept at 12:30am. Some cats are not so lucky.   Well, if early morning was busy, you should looked at what happened today morning. Okay. I am exaggerating. YaY!! I am so meowing and mooing! I rocks! :P  Such egoistic duck! Actually, today is quite boring la. Yeah. I am gonna play PoA later. Meow moo!   See ya next time! TaTa! 
    


	 
      Uhm-hmm. What did I do today? Loads. Okay. Not really.   Darn. I am having a terrible headache! OW MY HEAD HURTS! My chest hurts too! My whole body hurts!  I am exaggerating. Kinda. Anyhoo, I will skip this morning. It's quite boring la. I went online, after that ate lunch and watched TV.  Yes. I am late in meeting Gloria. VERY late. How can blame me? I am..er...clearing my bowels. Too much info, I think. Yes. Then I spent 5 minutes finding my pants!!! My pants were put in my brother's closet!! Ergh! I rushed to meet Gloria, the the rest at Woodlands.   Yes. Me, Gloria, Joyce, CQ, Hann and KS are all going to KBox at Lot 1. Heh. We met Yih Fei's group in Lot 1. Yes!  KBox was meowing and mooing. Well, I sang relatively few songs, and I sang badly. Yeah. I spent most of the time walking round or staring at people sing. I once slept there. Until they woke me up that is.   Hmm. Quite meowing la, I must say. I paid $14.60 for the K Box. So +++=$4.60!! After that, we went home. I ate instant noodles for dinner then I went online. Actually, that's pretty inaccurate. I ate dinner while online.   Hmm. There was an conspiracy. Ayiah. Cannot reveal here. See what happens when your blog has a huge readership? You cannot write a lot of stuff. Heh.   Right. I gotta get going. See ya next time! TaTa! Night blog!
    


	 
      Okie dokie. Right. Today morning was supposed to be spent playing badminton with me friends.   Notice I used the word 'supposed'. It means, I didn't. Where did I go? Well...I, we rather, went to treat my leg. Guess the infection's bad enough for my parents to  finally  take action.   Well. We went to the Skin Clinic. The nurse said we must get a referral letter. Cannot suddenly walk in there one. Sigh. Thus, we went to Woodlands Polyclinic, reaching there at 9.40+.  I spent the whole hour plus reading The Time Traveler's Wife. Well, my number was called and I entered the office of Dr Tan something something.  My god. My god! He can only offer me a reason for the rash and boils. Internal infection. Well, at least it isn't the soap. I wonder what it is. Of course, we got that referral letter to the Skin Centre. My appointment is on July 23rd. A Friday. I got a morning appointment. Guess what that means! I gotta skip school! Hurrah! Hurray!  Yes. All wild shouts aside. I received an SMS from CQ, lamenting and bemoaning about the loss of a much-needed friend. (:P to CQ if you are reading this) After calling, I found out that the whole gang is in McDonalds nearby. I went to visit them.  Well well well. What have I found and observed? A lot of things. Even ducks were meowing and quacking, but all that wouldn't make a difference unless initiative is taken, ya know. (I relish in the thought of forever torturing this blog with hidden hints. :P) After we talked, I went back to Mother.   Oh dear. I am stuck with anti-biotics and cream. Yeah. We went for lunch. Chicken rice is simple delicious at 301 (I believe that's the correct block number). We went home.  Right. I surfed the Net. Uneventful. I know. However, due to some recomendations from a friend, I came upon  urlLink Iresistible Poison . Another Harry/Draco slash! I am forever addicted to slashes. As you all know, I spent the better part of my afternoon reading this story.   Oh my god! This is so terribly touching! I was crying at the end. Harry and Draco suffered so much trials and tribulations...all for love. They love each other truly, madly, deeply. The author really stayed true to the book, writing Draco and Harry exactly the way they were. The love....is so touching. It transcends beyonds worlds and universe. Ahh...such love. It made me cry. I feel the hurt when Draco ditched Harry (deluded fool, but don't worry, they will patch back up). I feel the love when they are together. The love.  Right. Okay. I watched TV lor. I came online and did PW work. I feel so pressurized by my brother's tutor. I have to teach him SS and Chem. Not that I'm unwilling, but I lack proper materials! The SS Levels notes are missing, and my brother's teacher did not give that to him. Further more, he did not copy when the teacher told them! ERGH! Chem is easy to teach.   Anyhoo. I gotta go now. See ya next time! TaTa! Night blog!
    


	 
      Right. Here I am. Sitting on my chair. Daydreaming away. Friends is about to show in er...12 minutes. Yeah. Right. I should get started.  Oh right. Distractions has distracted me and it's 9.55 now. Gotta go watch Friends, then I'll be back. This is basically a nonsensical, filler paragraph. Yes!   Back! Oh my god! Mike proposed to Phoebe! Oh my god!   Right. Okie dokie. Mornings were a tad boring. Well, I played PoA. Even exploring the rooms during nighttime is meowingly fun. Yep. I was almost late for meeting my friends, but of course, I turned out to be the earliest (whoop-de-doop! big surprise!).   We were going to collect our O Level Certs. Me, WQ, CQ and Gloria. We took 962 there. We waited for Joyce at the busstop. WQ is terribly embarassing. He went up to get Miss Tan to do surveys for him. ...! Okie.We met YiChun and Janet and we all went to Causeway Point to eat.  I begrudingly ate ban mian. I don't like the pork lard...but there are nothing else to eat le. Sigh. After that, we toured Causeway Point, then we went home lor.   After bathing, I played PoA till Harry gets the Carpe Retractum spell, then I watched TV and ate. Then I came online. Tada.   Right. WQ has already left for Thailand. Bon voyage and don't let the plane kill you. Sawadikap!   Right. Right now, I am engrossed in the book I brought. The Time Traveler's Wife. Oh my lord! It's terribly captivating! The story is so good...it makes me craving for more and more. The tender love between Henry and Clare. The time travelling adventures. The thrill. Oh my lord! I want to devour this epitome! Such greatness! I will, of course, give a complete review once I've finished with this book. Until then, rot in suspense. :P  Right. So I'll just go off and read mah book. TaTa! See ya next time! Night blog!
    


	 
      Hmm. What a Sunday!  Okie. The morning was bit of a bore. Digimon has finished its season..no more Digimon. The new cartoon is terribly sucky. Sigh. The only saving cartoon worth watching is XiaoLin Dragons on Kids Central, but that's ending in two weeks' time too. Sigh!!   Oh well. We went out to buy my brother's TYS. Even the TYS were so mooing. Yes. Anyway, I brought 2 books. Luck Be a Lady (Charmed book) and The Time Traveler's Wife, one which I have been wanting for ages! I am currently in the midst of Luck Be A Lady. How  charm ing!  Anyhoo, we went to Admiralty Place to eat lunch. Ergh. Lunch was sucky, the place was stuffy. Forget it. I came home, read my books, then went online.  Yeah. I did my PW work, typing the minutes and updating all our info. Yep.  sent all relevant documents to Gek. Yep. After that, I surfed the Net.   After all that surfing on the surfboard (IE), riding the waves and waves of information and binary codes, I disconnected me computer and went to play the PS2. PoA game la, what else? Heh. I played for a long time..till6. Then I went out and buy dinner (chicken chop rice).   Yeah. After dinner, I went to bath and here I am, online. YAY! Another chapter up for Something More! HaHa! Right. I am becoming more dramatic today! I wonder why! Drama king! (I can't bear to bestow the title of "Drama Queen" on myself! I just can't! I am not dramatic enough! Drama King is, of course, at a lower level than Drama Queen!)  Right. Overdramatic. Right. I gotta get going, read my Charmed book. See ya next time! TaTa! Night blog!
    


	 
      Oh! Today's a meowing day!  I'll skip morning to the PW meeting at Jurong Regional Library. HaHa. GekLing was there, then JiaHao arrived.   Woah! That place is huge!! We went to the fourth floor, the Teens section. Wah liew! So much space to meow and moo! HaHa. We went to sit at the red couch...then we left our bags to go print the microfilm copy of the article we wanted. Sigh...the printer is spoilt, and I have to go to Woodlands Library to print. Anyway, I am gonna collect my book. So meow!  We went out to eat. We ate at KFC. Kelvin joined us. GekLing drank medium Coke, KL a regular Moutain Dew. Me and JiaHao ate the Buddy Meal. HaHa! He said I was very meticulous. I ordered everything to the specific. Like the chicken parts must be wings and drumsticks. Heh. Must order everything you like to eat ma. Yeah. We ate lor.  After eating, we went back to discuss. We shifted to a corner. Well, it was my first time taking minutes. HaHa. I didn't put who contributed what...because all the points were contributed by everyone! Sigh..if need be, I will try to remember.   Well, the discussion went quite well. We discussed our project plan briefly. The detailed one will be discussed at the next meeting. Yes. We ended at 4:30. Me and Kelvin went back. Well, I went off at Woodlands to meet CQ, Gloria and WQ at the library. I am showing CQ an article we found in the microfilm.   Well, I went to collect mah book. After a long time of searching, I finally got to borrow the book! YAY! What a fun book to read!   Okay. Darn it! The printing person went for dinner and is only coming back at 6! Meow moo! I read my book lor, until 6.30. Heh. I finally went to look for the printing lady at 3rd floor and invited her down. I finally printed the pages..and another page 27 for WQ. The font is quite small, but still can see la. CQ don't need that article. Oh meow.   We went to accompany Gloria to buy food (and I brought a single Egg Sushi, which almost caused WQ to faint). Then we went home. I bathed and ate chicken rice, read a bit of Cowell and came online.  Oh god! Joyce called! She's angry at me (well, not really..she was joking) for telling CQ and Gloria stuff. Yeah...me and my big mouth la. I seem to be offending EVERYONE this week! The horoscopes didn't even warn me about it! Sheesh!!  Right. Oh yes! Good luck to JiaHao in his Taekwondo tournament tomorrow! Right. I shall end this blog le. See ya next time! TaTa! Night blog!
    


	 
      Heya!  Meow meow! Right. I went to watch Harry Potter again with CQ, Gloria, HuiLing and ShuetLing. I am gonna skip all the boring nonsesncial breakfast stuff and get on to the movie.  Well, I certainly appreciated the movie better when I watched it the second time. I didn't concentrate so much on the plot. I looked at the mechanics of the movie. It's a very nice movie! The rat was more prominently featured. Yes! I still loved Professor Trelawney! I was pondering over the question "Would it be the same if they didn't go back? At that time when they were about to go back, Black has been saved. Why bother going back?" someone posted in SGSB. I think they should go back. Number 1, if they didn't, there are going to be 2 Hermiones and Harrys stuck at the same time. Secondly, the 'future' Herimone and Harry are there because the 'past' friends went back. If they didn't go back in time, the 'future' Hermione and Harry wouldn't exist. Therefore, what they did will come to naught. Besides, what the 'past' friends experienced is because of what the 'future' friends did. The timeline MUST be continued! I know I am confusing. HaHa! They have to go back...Yeah.   Okay. After the movie was choir. Choir was a bit tiring. I was hungry, tired, sore-throat and I can't even pitch AT ALL! Sigh...   Well. Today sucks. I made CQ angry. You see. We were filling feedback forms. CQ asked me must write the class or not. I misheard it as whether must write the name or not. I got pissed off and said "ayiah..write name won't kill you one!" and wrote my name in big letters on top. I was writing my answers, I misheard and I got irritated. I hate it when people ask me stuff that the teachers/people have instructed a few moments ago (that's why I keep glaring at JunSheng [CQ kept glaring at me whenever I give JS my evil look] when he ask stupid questions like this...PEOPLE! PAY ATTENTION!). When I get irritated, I just shot out my irration. Like natural reaction. I cannot control one lor. Adding worse is that I MISHEARD CQ's question. Sigh...now's he angry with me. All my fault la!   Sigh. I also kinda insulted Amanda. I was messaging WQ and it goes something like this "You terrible idiot! I just watched Harry the second time, and I appreciated the movie more when I didn't care about the plot". I wanted to tell Amanda about the appreication part, so I sent it to her too, forgetting there's a "you terrible idiot" part in front. Oppsie! She didn't reply...so I don't know whether she got offended or not. She might be in a bad mood when reading my sms. Sigh...   Ayiah...stupid la. I think I end my blog here. Oh yes! I had a very nice time with Noriko, chatting. :D Right. See ya next time! TaTa! Night blog!
    


	 
      Heya! I am back from Choir Camp! Oh my meow! So meowingly fun, and tiring! Lemme start from yesterday.   Wednesday   What a rainy rainy rainy day! It was big and heavy! Yes! I even have to ask Father to bring me there! Of course, I also ferried CQ. Gloria was in school le. Hmm.  The first activity of the camp is practising the songs. We were practising until 4+. Wow! Gerald Ng is a good sectional leader! He really makes sure you know your work..even at particular notes. Okay, as I was saying before we got distracted, the lights were tripped and we decided to go out to play games.  YaY! Group D, mah group, won most of the games!! YAY!! Gerald Law was quick in the Dog & Biscuits game. HaHa! His number keep getting called.   Soon, it was time to bath. Wah lao...the bathing/changing room was totally pitch black, save for the remaining sunlight filtering in! I quickly bathed la(wah!!! cold cold cold water!) and waited for CQ.   Yeah..after that we went for dinner. Dinner was quite disgusting. Eeee. Okay..after that, we went to practise our song for TalentTime. O.O!   After that, we had Treasure Hunt. HaHa! It was over and done with in 30+ minutes. HaHa! We were really rushing like mad! We still lost in the end though. Sigh!   Well, we gathered in the canteen to tell ghosts stories. Ayioh..so scary one. That David ar! We know he was going to scare us by BOOing or something...but we still got scared. Heh Heh. Gullible fools. Soon, Groups A and C went for Night Walk. O.O! B and D stayed and played games to pass the time.  Right. It was time to tour the school. For convienence sake, I shall not post all the stories la. I just bascically looked down at the floor throughout the tour. Yeah.   After the tour, we went to eat supper. I ate Tom Yam noodles and milo! HaHa! We went back to MPR3..after we mass went to the toilet.   Today   Yes! Today! HaHa! Wah lao..we all stayed up real late to discuss/practise songs. Miss Toh and Miss Lim slept with us. Anyhoo...groups started to sleep la. Our group were rehearsing with Dorothy, cause she joined our group for TalentTime. We sang and sang..till 2.30.  We all slept on the sleeping bag provided by CQ! How nice! The five of us were sleeping in a star formation (everyone was saying it looked so nice!). It wasn't a nice sleep. I woke up constantly throughout the sleep. Once Gloria was outside..I accompanied her until she went over to talk to a group of people. I then went back to sleep. I kept waking throughout. I finally got woken up by Dorothy's watch alarm at 6.45. Wah lao..feel so groggy and tired.   We did morning PT. So tiring! After that, we went for breakfast, where I stupidly poured hot water into the lemon tea...and Dorothy and CQ poured cold water in theirs. Right. After that was more games..and our group cut open the watermelon to eat! How sweet!   Okay..after that was volleyball game. We lost utterly. HaHaHa! Oh well. During on the matches, Dorothy spilt her lips. Oh god...that was terribly painful. She was crying and crying..oh god. That must hurt a lot!   Okay..after the games..we went to eat lunch. Hmm...this time's food was better. Yeah. After that, we practised our song!! Dionne came over and helped. HaHa! Right...  Okay. The TalentTime for us was a big flop. We did lousily. Terribly lousily. Dun wanna talk about it. Rehearsals were much better. Yep.   After TalentTime was the prize presentation. Wee! Group D got 2nd group placing overall! YaY!!   AFter that, we went back. So tiring!! I went back, bathed, came online and chatted with JiaHao..then went to eat dinner. Watched TV, came online and chatted with a few of me friends. Here I am blogging. I am damn tired. I fell asleep while watching Sun Wu Kong just now. Sigh. Didn't get to see Sandy's ordeal.   Yeah. I gotta get going. Need my precious sleep!!! On the bed!!! See ya next time! TaTa! Night blog!
    


	 
      Heya! What a singing day!  HaHa! I am currently preparing my part for tomorrow's choir TalentNite. I am singing Jay's part in Wu Ding. HaHa! Yeah. Tomorrow I have to spend the night in school..so not coming online tomorrow night!! I'll miss ya!! Meow meow meow!  Right. Today morning we went to Marsiling Market to eat breakfast. (HOW!! I can't find my voice now!! How to sing tomorrow? Ayioh!) Even ducks ate till very full! HaHa!   We brought some fish head back for curry. Anyhoo, I busied meself before meeting Gloria, CQ and Boon Chai to practise our song for TalentNight. HaHa! Ayioh...I originally is singing Lan Wen's part, but then hor...I was found unsuitable for that part, so I am singing Jay's part now. I got a really bad feeling that I am gonna spoil the song. Sigh.  Right. I met my parents, they came to fetch me. After that, I packed my duffle bag for the camp. I came online, then went to eat, watched TV and here I am.   Okay. I am scared now. What if the school is huanted? Die la!! I must constantly protect myself! Erect circles! Yes! Meow meow meow meow!!!  Okay. I gotta go practise the song le! Must memorize the lyrics somemore! Meow! See ya next time! TaTa! Night blog!
    


	 
      Heya! Sorry for not being able to blog! I am really busy! Really!   Saturday   Right. Saturday. A very busy and sick day. Yes! How multi-purpose!   Right. I'll skip right to the library CIP. Yes. I was having a terrible flu. You can imagine the horrors of an air-conditioned place! It's hell on the sinuses! I kept sneezing and sneezing, and my sinuses kept running down. I felt so miserable!  Yes. About the work. Me and CQ were assigned the children's section again! Wah! Worked there all day long! HaHa! At the last hour, the librarians decided that we should broaden our sights and worked at other sections. We were assigned to Young Fiction, Chinese Fiction and Non-Fiction, Cookery and the magazines section at the end. We found Gloria there and we worked together to clear our load. Heh Heh.  After that we went to KFC to eat. Joyce soon joined us afterwards. Sigh. She persuaded me to go Expo with her, 'cause she needs my expert opinion on computer. Right. I wanted to go home and rest, but since she needed me, I go with her lor. What are friends for ma?  I slept on the train. Slept slept slept. I was so damn tired and cold. Oh yes. Did I tell you? I wore my jacket the WHOLE day. Everywhere I went, the jacket's with me. So cold man!   Yes. We reached Expo and met WQ. Woah! Joyce is an efficient shopper. She takes a look at the CD-Burner, decided that it was good, then brought it just like that. The same thing for her Discman. Well, I didn't say it was bad. Heck..the Expo was so crowded..so what she did was good and efficient. I just never encountered a shopper like her before. HaHa!   After that, we went to Orchard to eat sushi buffet. HaHa. I was quite recovered by then. Even the sushi is very nice. I sat the nearest to the conveyor belt, so I ended up taking orders for everyone. HaHa! Right. What a fulling dinner.  Right. After that, we went back home lor. Even ducks were meowing and mooing. I bathed, then slept. Too tired.   Sunday   Hmm. Shall I skip to the exciting part? Yeah. The morning and early afternoon's boring anyways. Yep. I met Amanda, WQ and Wendy at 4.30. Okay. Most of them were late. Some were excusable, while some were just late to annoy people. Right. No morals!   We took the train towards Orchard. We met SuPing on the train at Admiralty. Okay..we went to Delifrance to eat dinner. HaHa. I ate Pasta Gratin. What a nice pasta gratin!   After our dinner, it was a mad rush to the cinema! The show's about to show and we are so close to being late! Yes!  Onto the movie! Prisoner of Azkaban! Right... duringthe first few minutes, the projector spoilt twice and everyone was complaining and complaining. I thought the management will give us complimentary tickets, but oh well. No such luck. Yes. The movie. I digressed. It's bascially okay. A tad dissappointing. I mean, it didn't really stay true to the book. A lot was changed around. I think people who didn't read the book would have enjoyed this movie far better than avid readers (with the exception of our WQ, of course). Non-plot-wise, it is a good movie. I loved the special effects and the acting skills of the actors. Really improved a lot. Hermione was more prominently featured in the movie. I also loved the new Dumbledore. Professor Trelawney is damn cute and funny! Emma Thompson really did a good job protraying her! YaY! HaHa! There were loads of funny bits, but I don't want to spoil this for me friends. Watch then you know! :)   Okay. After the movie, we went to take NeoPrints. Yes. We saw a lot of Goths. they were quite fascinating, yet scary at the same time. Why people becomes Goths is beyond me. Right.   WQ wanted to go back. I felt obligated to accompany him. On the way to Orchard MRT, he's acting so bastardly that I left him and joined Amanda they all to shop. I wanted to shop in the first place. Right.   We tried to shop, but the shops were closed. We brought drinks, sat down and talked and then went home. All of us alighted at Admiralty and went home lor. By that time it's 11pm+. I bathed, then watched Practical Magic (really nice movie!) till 12, then I fell asleep.   Today   Well well. It's quite an eventful day. Yes. Skip skip right to 1pm. We have just finished lunch. Our performance group was supposed to meet at 1 to practise on our songs. People came in late. Oh well.   Choir was quite good compared to the last time. Yes. Very good. Anyway, our group have to spilt up, because we can't sing a single song with 6 people. Me, Boon Chai, CQ spilt up and Gloria joined us. HaHa. Now we are singing Wu Ding! What a nice song! YaY! My dream came true!  Right. I came back, ate dinner, watched TV and came online. Of course I watched Friends just now. HAHAHA! Another funny episode! HAHA!   Right. Today's entry is very rushed, due to me being very tired and I got distracted..again. Right. Okay. So I'll end here. See ya next time! TaTa! Night blog!
    


	 
      Heya! What s meowful day!! Very the meowful!   Tursday   Okay. Me, Gloria and CQ met during the morning to eat breakfast. What a meowful meal Especially when dreams were discueed. Yes! See! Even cats and ducks should feel honored that they were featured in my dream. Okay. Not really featured. They were there. Right.  Moving on. Miss Yee's lectures were utterly boring. We got back our test. YaY! I passed with 17 over 25! I feel so happy!   Okay. Me, CQ and Gloria left PJ and walked towards Lot 1 for CIP. The library ain't open yet  We went to KFC. CQ wanted to drink Iced Tea so we accompanied him lor. Yes. We drank and talked. Yes. I forgot le.  Right. At 11, we went up. We told the counter staff we are doing CIP. We have to sign in and ayioh, wear a CIP badge! So embarassing! We were so spotted by fellow Pioneers! So embarassing!  Anyway, me and CQ did the Children's section the whole day. Well, also Recreation, Computers and Malay Adult. Anyway, we are stuck at the Children's Section for the whole session. I tell you ar. The children are very inquisitve. VERY! One cat even asked me where are 'the bullies'. I was quite shocked to hear there has been bullying. I quickly told the boy that the bullies were gone. Minutes later, he came back with a book and showed it to me, saying "Look! I've found the bullies!" The book's title was "The Bullies". I was like O.O and said "oh! good for you!"  Anyway, I am too tired to recount all of what has happened. Right. After our CIP, my group met me at Lot 1 and we went up to the library (again!!) to discuss PW. Our survey forms lor. We went down to Macdonalds to eat (well, only me).  Yeah. I am super sick and tired now. We discussed till midnight. Thus, my non-blog yesterday.    Today   Sorry. I am in no mood to blog. Because of my sickness. I just want to sleep. Here's a brief summary, in point form, of today's event.  -->Went for Mrs Tay's lessons. Very enriching. -->Went to Causeway Point to eat with Joyce. WQ came alone. -->We were 30 mins late for choir. -->I feel so sick.  Right. I gotta get going...see ya next time. TaTa! Night blog!
    


	 
      Heya!  Oh my god! I had a very wonderful dream!! A very entrancing one! A dream come true! Actually, not really. My dream come true in my dream. So, a dream come true in a dream. :P I am crapping. Oh my god! I experienced a whole host of emotions! How entrancing! How beautiful! How..wild! I'll never forget this moment and I hope this dream will continue tonight. *drowns himself in the pool of boundless emotions* *feels so helpless, because he can't tell anyone about the dream*  Right. I woke up at 8 something. YaY! Finally woke up late! Heh. I woke up, took a long bath, then went down to buy 8 Days. O.O! Daniel Radcliff is on the cover! O.O! I wonder why they didn't feature Tom Felton too. Or Emma Thompson, the crazy Trelawney! HaHaHa!   After breakfast, I went online and stayed online the whole day. I didn't do any homework. Bad person!!   Well. Technically, I didn't stay at home the whole day. I went to Woodlands Central to go eat lunch and shop at Sheng Shiong with parents. Yes. Lunch was boring. We brought lotsa stuff at Sheng Shiong.   I came back, went online. I got some PW work to do. I did them, chatted for a bit, then went to bath. I ate dinner then came online lor.  Right. I sounded terribly rushed. That's because I want to read a long chapter, then watch Miss Universe. I wonder who won. Meow!  See ya next time! TaTa! Night blog!
    


	 
      Right. Tuesday. A moving and shaking day! Jing tian dong ti!  I woke up at 7.30 again. Yes. Again! Oh god..I want to sleep. I don't dare to. Today MaMa is coming back. From 9-12. I don't dare to sleep la.   Heh. Coward. Yeah. Met CQ at 10 to go oral. We can't find Mr Yeo at first leh. We searched high and low for him and he's not in his office. CQ went to study area to take a rest while I continued searching.  Lo and behold! I found our savior! Gloria's teacher, Mdm Chueng, was walking past me. I called her "Cheng lau shi dui ma?" She turned around and said yeah. I asked her where is Mr Yeo, she went in and said he's not in there. Then she offered to call him on her phone, and he turned out to be in the Haven. Such a good teacher.  Me and CQ went up to meet him. He's giving his class (Clar's class, we saw her) oral first. Hmm. We waited for a while.   Hmm. soon. It was my turn to practise the passage. Well. It's generally very easy. I knew almost all the words. Except for 'ji lei', which I totally forgot how to pronounce. I did reasonably well in this section. For conversation leh,I sucked terribly. I was asked about National Day and all. Well, I was trying to lead my answers to what I want to talk about (participating in NDP), but that made my answers didn't answer his questions. Right.   CQ didn't fare that much better. Oh well. We invited WQ and Gloria to come out to have lunch. Aniticipating long arrivals, we walked all the way from PJ to CCK Station. Not bad leh. Only takes 15 minutes.  They came at 12.15. anyway, only me and WQ ate. Gloria ate, and CQ has no mood to eat. Sigh. We ate LJS. Right. I was laughing about jokes. Laughed laughed laughed. Okay. We met Janet while going out. Hmm.   We went back to school for PW lecture. Well, that lecture was not bad. I took notes. As a Secretary... well, actually not really la. I began to take notes, but then I didn't feel like taking them later. However, I felt that since I wrote something, I might as well carry on. And so carried on taking notes I did. Quite interesting la.   Yeah. I came back, bathed, ate dinner, watched TV and came online.  Sigh. I'm worried about Wendy. Terribly worried. Wendy, I know I told you this le. I am telling you again. I'll be there for you. I will be there for you when everything goes wrong. I'll be there for you when everything is right. I'll always be there for you. I ain't abandoning you, no matter what you choose. I don't approve/support your decision doesn't mean that I will abandon you. :)  Yeah. I go sleep liao wor. See ya! TaTa! Morning blog!
    


	 
      Oh my my! I didn't mean to not blog yesterday. Really. I came back 'round 11.45 and by the time I finished showering, it was already 12. I can't come online. Yeah. Presenting my entries!   Friday   Ahh! Friday! The last day of the weekidays and the start of the weekends. Well, at least after midnight anyway. Heh. Anyhoo, what happened today ar? Loads. Okie...I forgot what happened at school la. Got Chem lecture (where Mrs Tay suddenly ran out, which we all presume to vomit), GP (boring) and MT (not-really-boring).  After school is where fun begins. Okay. We've got a long day ahead of us. Our group is going down to this Teachers' Network to interview Dr Sumarta for our PW. First, we had to wait for Kelvin to finish his Parent-Teacher Meeting wtih Tham.   He came out with horror stories to share. Apparently, Tham had bad things to say about him. He 'attacked' KL using PW, saying that Kelvin could drag us down. O.O Even ducks meow!   Okay. It was onwards to the Teachers' Network. We took 190 to Orchard, then we went onto Orchard Boulevard. All thanks to the lousy map my father drew, we effectively got lost! LOST! We eventually have to hire a cab there, which was what my father suggested in the first place. Ergh.   Okay. The interview went rather well. Yep. We got rather a lot of info. One thing I must admit. I was very shocked when I met Dr Sumarta. She turned out to be woman. I always thought she was a 'he'! How surprising is that? Very! Yeah. She was friendly and great to work with. :D  Ahh...leaving the building is a terrible crime. You know what? I led the whole group to one big round finally walking opposite the Teachers' Network building. By then, I was terribly rushed. I have to go back, change, get moolah and meet my friends at 6:30. Die la! Do you know that it is very hard to flag a taxi at Grange road? Stupid right? Ergh... We spent about 10 minutes trying to get a damn cab! In the end, we got one la...  Haiyah! No time to go back to change clothes le. I have to rush to 768 in the end to get dinner moolah from Father. Sigh.   Okay. I met CQ and Gao Luan in Woodlands MRT. We then met Gloria on the train, and onwards we go to YCK station!  We met HL and HM at the station. We were fashionably late. As in 7.10+. We hurried over to AJ, then to the Auditorium. Wow! It was packed full! Lcukily, we managed to find a row of seats at the top.  The performance was great. I liked the Phantom of the Opera the best! tum-tum-tum-tum..... Even Joyce is meowingly good. At least, from what I cna see la. I remembered that in between the first and second song, she spaced out. Everyone brought their harmonicas to their lips, but she was staring into blank space. I was like O.O Then she remembered and the music began. HAHAHA! Still, she put up an excellent performance.   Okay. We went to 167 in Marsiling to eat dinner. O.O GL hor...likes to hao lian. Ayioh...hao lian about poly life. He also expects to go to the concert for free. O.O He thought SL paid le ma. Well, SL didn't pay for her ticket, but PY did. So it's like PY wasted her $5..and GL should pay. He seems to reluctant to pay, and when he tells Joyce that he's paying, he said like "I pay lor, to save you all the trouble". What the?? Anyhoo...after diner I went back with Gloria.   Yeah. Came back, bathed, read TNP and slept.   Today   Okie dokie. I woke up at 8, meowed and mooed till 10. I have to go mmet Tham ma. I was like very nervous. What if he says a lot of negative stuff about me? I hope I didn't do anything. Heh.  Right. We reached school at 11. Woah...We saw Yih Fei waiting, and he said that he waited for an hour le. HaHa. I found out that Siva was here in PJ too! She was in the TLDDS and is here for the Tmail Soc thingy. Hehheh. I was chatting with her, catching up with old times, until Yih Fei was free.   Hmmm. It didn't went as badly as I thought. Basically, the good points that come out of it is that he said my grades show that I am slowly adjusting stably and that I am a good student. Yeah. Meow moo.  After that I went to Admiralty Place to eat lunch with parents. After that leh, I met Gloria at Woodlands.  We went to Woodlands Library to do homework. Today was really productive, because I completed my Tutorial 10a (Basic Differentiation)! So easy! HaHa...actually I had problems only in the First Principle. Other than that, I love differetiation. Gloria helped me with my Physics Question 10. HaHa. I helped her too. Meow moo!   After that, Gloria have to go meet her friend, while I went to Popular to buy a book on punctuation. It's called "Eats, Shoots & Leaves", in which the title is basically a deliberate punctuation mistake in itself, if you saw the panda on the cover. Did you discover the mistake? Tell me about it in the comments! Such a nice book! Punctuation is important! A book of zero tolerance. HaHa!  Okay. Coming back was Internet and meows. Yeah. I think I gotta be going. See ya later! TaTa! Night blog!
    


	 
      Hey Hey! Wondered why I have such a funny title for my blog today? Pionners would know. HaHa. Today's a extraordinary day. Why? Read on.  Okay. The story goes like this. Me and CQ were waiting outside the Chem Prac lab. CQ saw this monkey ran past into the opposite lab. I was like "what?". Suddenly, we heard glass crashing from that lab. Then we saw a monkey ran out and into an empty classroom. Then leh, our class started coming along with S25. We alerted then that there was a monkey in the classroom they were passing by. Everyone then crowded around and watched.  HaHa! That monkey tried to get out, but the windows were closed. It fell down many times, and everytime it fell, the girls would scream. Haha. Then it ran out and somehow jumped down to the first floor. By then, quite a number of people gathered outside because of our screams. It went into a classroom full of people and soon, everyone came out screaming. Now, all the PJ people came out and watched. It's like...wow. A monkey can attract so much attention! Everyone was screaming and meowing.   Okay. You see, there's this landscape between two opposite blocks. In that landscape, there was a pond. You can guess what happened la. SPLASH! In went the monkey. AHHHHHHH! Screamed the Pioneers. Luckily, the monkey got out. It was quite a shallow pond, actually.   Mrs Jasima then arrived and shooed us away. Heh heh. I heard that a teacher managed to lock it inside a classroom, and someone got rid of it la. Don't know who. I huess it is animal control ba.   Anyhoo, practical was a rush. Wow! Two experiments in a day! We were all very late for the Physics Lecture. I guess this late-coming is gonna be a regular thing. Heh heh. I partnered with Zahiah and we have such great 'chemistry'. Forgive the intentional pun. No la. We had fun working with each other. We cheated on the second experiment, as there was no time. We did half of the experiments each. Heh heh.   Okay. Blah blah blah through the day. Oh yes! We had Physics SPA. Ayioh! It was so darn easy! PY was saying it was tough and stuff. O.O She likes to exaggerate things de. Heh heh.   Today in choir, we had photo-taking. HaHa. Because of the constant moving of chairs and benches and the arrangment, it took us nearly an hour to take the pictures. HaHa. It was worth it though. I wished I could only stand besides Ah Ji. That JS ruined the boys' Raffles pose. Ergh!   After that, we had practice till 8.15!! Oh my god! We kept singing John's song leh. So horrible. I felt kinda small. I think I am one of the worst Tenors. I had JS sharing that "glory" with me. Eeee... I don't want to be placed in the same category as him. I am, after all, much more experienced than him. Sigh.   Anyhoo, me and Gloria decided to go MacDonalds to eat. It was already 9+, and we were feeling very hungry. Both of us ate the 4-piece McNugggets and regular Coke.   I arrived home at 9.40+. After bathing, I arranged my Chinese file and came online lor. Now, I am waiting for my phone to charge. Heh Heh.   Well, I think that's all for today. Not bad right? Me and CQ can cause such excitement and mayhem in the school compound. Not bad lor! Pioneer spirit! Heh Heh. Enough crapping. Gotta be going. See ya next time! TaTa! Night blog!
    


	 
      Hey Hey! What a meowful day today!!  HaHa. Okay. Today is Smart-Casual Day. Wee! I wore the blue t-shirt they gave me for my birthday (I forgot the name. Polo Tee, I think) along with my blue trousers. I color-matched! HAHA! Crazy cat moi. Yes!   Okie. Today, something big happened! YESS! Koo Wen Qiang's right arm is in a cast. Or rather, a bandage. Whatever. He injured his right arm during PE today. Apparently, he was playing Netball when someone pushed him down because he was blocking that person. Yes. How complicated. His friend has to take him to the hospital. Ayioh. Poor thing right? Meow moo meow!  Okay. Today there are two Chinese events that must be celebrated! Number 1, my book review was praised! Weee! I am so happy. It is such a rare event that my Chinese work got praised. HaHa. He said I've written quite nicely, and said that I type better than I write. Heh Heh. He said my writing style is quite contemporary and it fits the modern times now. I am so happy. :)  Okay. After school there was this concert by the Chinese Department. Students and teachers sang Chinese songs for us. Even the non-Chinese teachers and students sang Chinese songs too. HaHa! I have really enjoyed myself there. :D   Right. When we are walking out of school, we spotted Gerald Ng walking with GuoHao and Grace. GH doesn't look entirely happy. Attracted by Gloria's and CQ's laughs about me (I was boasting about the Chinese book review to Gloria. HaHa!), he turned back and started walking with us. He thought we were laughing about him because he fell down. O.O Throughout the whole journey of walking to the bus-stop, taking the bus and going up the MRT station, I found out that his yi xin ping (suspicions-paranoia) is very heavy. When we are laughing or smiling, he thought that we were laughing at him. Then when I cleared my throat and went "hem hem", he thought I was laughing at him. O.O I think he finally knows that he is not really well-liked and is ostrasized. Poor thing leh. It's not fun being ostrasized, but...I can't click with him! What do you expect me to do? Pretend to be all fake and smiles around him? Okay la...as long as he doesn't go correcting my pitch, tone, tune, key and how I sing. :P   Heh. Yeah. Basically, that's my day la. Yeah. I think I am going off le. See ya next time! TaTa! Night blog!
    


	 
      Meow moo! Sorry for not blogging yesterday! I can't blog. I got a visitor around. Kelvin came to type out his Chinese review. HaHa. Okay. Details later.   Monday   Okay. First off on Monday. PE! Softball! Weee! It was so damn fun! HaHaHa! Even I scored a run for my team! Wee-hoo! Okay. There's no PE and Mass PE for mine and Gloria's class for the next two weeks. Next week all the PE teachers will be going to the Leadership Training Camp and there will be no PE lessons for the whole week. The following week is National Day holidays! Weee! Okay. Not soo wee. I am dissappointed that there will be no PE lessons. I like softball. So fun! However, I don't mind not having Mass PE next week. :P  Right. What else today? Nothing else le. Yeah. I've got choir. Today in choir we spent the whole day learning John's composition. O.O Due to some inevitable shifts, I ended up in the second row. Besides Gerald Ng. I felt so extra when not in the front row with CQ and Astro. I am so used to sitting with them le. Gerald ar...ayiah. Don't know how to say him la. See him so pitiful like that. I know how Janet feels le. I felt so left out and miserable. Anyhoo....John's song was quite nice. HaHa.   Hmm. Kelvin came over at 9+. HaHa. He wrote till 12.15. HaHaHa. Even ducks were meowing at the almost-forgotten bag. :P   Today   Oh god. I felt so sleepy today. I don't know why. I don't think it is due to lack of sleep. I always sleep at 12+, and I don't feel this tired. I think maybe I had a heavy day or something. I even slept during Chinese test leh! So embarassing. I got woken up by Mr Yeo, and apparently, he and CQ were laughing at me sleeping and shaking their heads. Meow moo!!  Right. Why I felt painful? I don't know why. My left thigh hurts for the whole day. Sigh. It still hurts now though. CQ thought I was making up some excuse not to Mass PE. No!! Its really painful.   Besides that, I developed a sharp headache during Mass PE. So painful! Now I am still having it. I think I need to sleep soon. Yeah.  Ya know what? I think I'll do it now. See ya next time! TaTa! Night blog!
    


	 
      "You know what happens to a toad when it's struck by lightning? The same thing that happens to everything else"  Identify this quote! Dum-dum-dum *drums fingers on table* Got it? Well, it's Storm from X-Men. HaHa! I am watching that movie right now. What a cool Storm! Meow moo meow!!  HaHa. The movie's just finished and Iam now eating Super's Tom Yam Cup Noodle. Good stuff, that noodle! Weee!   Okay. Today's bascially boring. Yeah. I mainly played Pokemon in the morning. Oh, did you know? I downloaded the Pokemon Sapphire ROM and played it. HaHa. I am so hooked after watching the Pokemon cartoon. Now I got a Treecko and a Taillow, and many other Pokemon too. I am a collector. HaHa.   Okie. In the afternoon, I didn't do my homework. I don't know how to do, not that I don't want to do leh! I didn't attend the lectures, and I got very confused. Sigh. At least I have some form of valid excuse. Hem hem.  Right. I did minutes instead. Ayioh. It's very difficult to cook up minutes. You have to literally put words in people's mouths. HaHa. This project really teaches creativity after all. Wahaha!  Okay. After that I played more Pokemon, earned more levels and finally went to buy dinner.   After dinner was bathing, and X-Men watching. Tada! Here I am, writing this blog. Even ducks could meow at that. Right.   I think I gotta go le. See ya next time! TaTa! Night blog!
    


	 
      Weee! Today is the day! I must narrate in great detail!  Okay. First off, I woke up at 5 to bath. Ergh! You can't believe how tiring it is. I kept sleeping while bathing. Isn't that horrendous? Imagine! Sleeping while water is running all over you? Ergo!   Right. After that, I set on the ardous task of gelling my hair. Now, I wouldn't care to gel my hair. However, Miss Ong said she wanted a clean forehead, meaning no fringes. Sigh. You wanna know how long I took? Half an hour! My stomach was grumbling like mad already! I tried to make my hair all stand up, but I look like a freak. I can't do the flat top, because the rest of the back hairs are in a weird crazy pattern. Sigh. I even called CQ and Gloria to ask for advice. In the end, I did a center-parting thingy. HaHa. Oh well!  Right. I grabbed a box of Porky Strawberry sticks and ran out of the house to meet Gloria. O.O!!! It's about to rain! Such horrid weather in a morning! Atrocious! Luckily for me and Gloria, the downpour started after we went into the MRT station. Ain't we lucky or what?   Okay. We met CQ on the train, blah blah blah and arrived to school slightly wet. We have to trek across the open road, in such torrential conditions! Even ducks meow at not being wet!   After waiting for so long (for lotsa people), we finally set off at 8. Heh Heh. I slept on the journey, listening to Boon Chai's discman (I slept after Cindy's Ai Ni. I have to thank Wendy for 'introducing' me to that song. Who wouldn't get addicted if you have to listen to the song everytime you visit Wendy's blog? HaHa!).  I meow and moo! We went in there, and assembled lor. We rehearsed first. That Alvin ar. Such a joker. HaHa. He reminds me of Vincent, really. His friends tell me he's an attention-seeker and he actually asked "What's your name" today? Horribe reminder of that lunatic. Alvin's not that bad la. At least he knows when to be serious, can sing well and is humorous. Heh Heh.  Right. There's a break. Oh my! The boys are forced to apply blusher on our faces. HaHa. I ended up quite red la. Well, not really red. I joked that it's like hou zi pi gu (monkey's butt), something that XiaoYanZi would say often. HaHa! Not bad la. HaHa.   Okay. It's finally our performance! Ayioh...such a short performance. I kept smiling though. Once, it wasn't my turn to sing, so I was smiling at Miss Ong. I was so engrossed in smiling that I came in late for a part! HAHAHA! Anyhoo, I think we did rather well. So soon over le! We prepared for so long, so xin ku. Only came to perform for about 10 minutes. Like the ancient Chinese proverb: tai shang yi fen zhong, tai xiao shi nian gong (one minute on stage is equivalent to ten years preparation down the stage)!! Yes! Even ducks were meowing!   Okay. After our performance (gaining thunderous applause :P), we sat down at the back rows. I really felt like sleeping. Luckily, I know my decorum and did not sleep. HaHa! The ChannelNewsAsia camera man actually came to my row and started fliming leh. There I was, left leg over right leg, the booklet showing who's getting what awards open in my lap. When the camera started filming my row, I tried to be as proper as possible and looked at the big screen while applauding politely at those getting the bursaries. HaHa! How fake! Why my row of all rows? Heh!   Okay. After the awards, we had the reception. O.O! I totally pigged out! I ate so much chai tau kueh (carrot cake) and keep on grabbing more drumsticks! Let me tell you, their drumsticks is to die for! I think I took about 6! Oh my god! Such heavenly drumstick! After that, I took more fruits. HaHa! Wintermelon, watermelon, grapes and even dates! I am such a glutton! Yes!! I didn't get to drink tea though, 'cause CQ and Gloria wants to go off le. Sigh! My tea!!  Okay. After that we went to Orchard to go to Kinokuniya! Finally! I can spend my vouchers. Okay. I stand corrected. The vouchers CQ gave me. Yep. I spent it on "Tuesdays With Morrie" and I even have to come out with 70cents. HaHa. What a nice book!  Okay. After that, I met Kelvin at Admiralty MRT, while he passed stuff to me. I went back, bathed and made minutes. HaHa. So tiring. I even fell asleep for a couple of hours.   So tiring sia! Even ducks were meowing! Okay. I think I going le. See ya next time! TaTa! Night blog!
    


	 
      Alright! Today is another off day for moi! Oui! No school! Actually, I am going for an appointment at the National Skin Centre, which was reserved during June. Yep.  Right. This time, however, I did not have the luxury of getting up late. Nooo.... I have to get up at 6:30. Sigh. Ku ming ar! Sigh. I bathed then we went out lor.  Yes. I slept on the ride to the Maxwell Food Center, and slept while waiting for my century egg porridge to arrive. HaHa. Okay, after breakfast, it was 8 something.  Well, we arrived at NSC at 8.50something. Well, we get to see this Alfred Choi guy. Heh Heh. He reminds me of Mr Jeremy! Really! He got a strong American accent, looks kinda ABC-ish and likes to exaggerate things a lot.   Right. I found out that I've got eczema. It's a skin condition where my immune system is over-sensitive to irritants and produces rashes and sores. My skin is excessively dry. Sigh. Eczema is permanent. Yes, it can dissappear...temporary. A flare-up might occur sometime. Sigh. I need to keep my skin moisturized all the time. To do that, I would have to try not to sweat. Ha! Fat chance at that! I sweat even in air-conditioned places. Sigh.   After the consultation, we went back home lor. I took the remaining morning to finish my Maths homework on 3D Trigo. HaHa. Think I am handing it up tomorrow, in case I forgot on Monday. Yep.   Okay. What else happened? Ehh..nothing else le. Kinda boring afterwards. I can't cook up minutes, 'cause I don't have enough materials to cook up something belivable. Heh Heh. Therefore, I read fics all day long.   Right. I think I am going liao. See ya next time with a report on tomorrow's MDIS performance! TaTa! Night! 
    


	 
      Right. Actually yesterday, I could have blogged. Yep. It's just that I so got invovled in  urlLink Love Under Will  that I didn't want to blog. Heh Heh.    Yesterday   Okie dokie. Whatever happened yesterday? Errr....nothing much in terns of classes. Okay okay lor.   Right. We went to the rehearsal for the MDIS concert at Swissotel the Stamford.  It was a meowing bus ride there, as BoonChai and I talked and talked. Weee!   Wow! That hotel is very gao gui! Very posh and elegant. Duhz. That's a 5-stars (or issit 6-stars) hotel! Of course it is posh and elegant! haHa. We went to this room and met the Hai Sing cats and ducks and whatnot. O.O!!!  Okay. We got into position. Ayioh. Me and John are the shortest leh. Kept getting teased one. HaHa! Oh alright. I got into the front row first, sandwiched between two Hai Sing tenors. Both Sec 1s though. The one on my right is pretty inconsistent in his pitching, and I am ashamed to say that he affected me a little and I have strain to hear John's voice at the back. The left cat didn't pose a problem at all, as he was too soft to be heard. Ah. He should really project his voice, but oh well. As long as he doesn't affect me. Now I sound mean. :P  Righto. I got transferred to the second row next! YaY! I was promoted! Okay. There's one major distraction. The guy next to me on my left. He's a bass, probably a Sec 3 (Sec 4s would have left already) and he sings damn well! He's tall too. Ayioh! His voice is sooo deep, and so distracting. Yes! The bass sound terribly nice in One Song though. Yes. It was very distracting! Loud and accurate pitching, I found it terribly hard to follow John. Yes!  We ended at 5something. Miss Ong was apparently not pleased with our choir. It's excusable we don't know the MDIS song, for we only practised it on Monday. However, for the other two songs, she said we have no excuse not to know our work. She promised late stay-backs tomorrow if our performance is unstatisfactory. Heh.  Okay. Me, CQ and Gloria went home. Janna caught up to us and joined us on the way back home. I was apparently an interesting entertainment on the train. CQ and Gloria said the way I sleep is very interesting. I would lean my head...and lean until it was dangerously close to resting on CQ's shoulder. Then I would snap back and sit straight, and continued sleeping. HaHA! I did that in all directions too (except to the back). I know I am doing it, but I didn't know it was  that  interesting to watch. Heh Heh.   Right. YAY! Charmed's coming back on August 11!! WEEEE! Charmed! Charmed! Charmed!!! Even Piper, Phoebe and Paige are meowing and mooing at the cats and ducks and whatnot! Weee!!   Thursday      Righto. Today we have SPA. School-Based Practical Assessment. On Chemistry on titration. Sigh. It was testing of Skill C and D, which means calculations and evaluation. I think I did well on the calculations. I think. I can safely get a Level 6. For Skill D, I think I did fairly well and met expectations. A safe bet on getting Level 5 ba.   Mrs Jasima, however, was not pleased with our class. I think our class has garnered bad reputation from the Chemistry teachers. Mrs Tay and Mrs Jasima are both saying they were not pleased with S22 at all. Sigh. We felt so yue wang. I didn't think that I was playing a fool and not paying attention to Mrs Jasima. I can safely say that I met her expectations ma. I don't think S22 is what the teachers think lor. It's just some black sheeps here and there ma. I think our class, as a whole, is quite well-behaved and easily manageable. Of course, the only teacher we got along well with is Ah Tham, and I am glad of that. Come on, if we don't even get along with our form teacher, then we are pretty dead meat. Yeah! So hooray for Mr Tham!! WEE!!  Okay. We can skip to choir le. Nothing much happened. Okay. Choir! O.O Astro sat between me and CQ this time. I like sitting besides Astro. He's fun and silly to sit besides with. HAHAHA! Yeah. He sings well too. Good good. :) And sigh. I got demoted back to the front row. Along with Astro wor! HaHa! Great! :D And yes, we sang well enough. YaY!   Okay okay. Now I am back. HaHa. I gotta go now. See ya next time! TaTa! Night blog! 
    


	 
      Oh wow! Righto... Sorry for not blogging yesterday. Time and energy doesn't permit me to. I will narrate in just a bit.     Monday    Hmm. I spent the day in misery, with hacking coughs every now and then. So miserable. I felt like vomitting all day long, but I don't dare to. Heh.   Right. Nothing really interesting happened. Okay. I missed PE, because I can't run while coughing, or else all my vomit comes out.    Hmm.... Right. Today during choir, Miss Ong didn't come because she was sick. Poor thing! I hope she feels better soon. Okay. We sang  Sing & Rejoice  and  One Song Many Voices  all day long! Ayioh...I was unable to reach the high notes. Keep having to shut up on the high notes, which thankfully, is at the end of the phrases.   Yeah. Guess what? I got in the MDIS performance! HaHa. Well, there was no choosing la. All the boys got in. Guess there's a desperate lack of boys, eh? Gloria got in as well...weee! Okay. We learnt that MDIS's coperate song. So lame and corny. HaHa. You should hear the girls laugh as the boys sang that "management training" bit...it's like we have to suddenly cresendo and go high pitch at "meh" (it goes like: MEHHH-neg-ment"). HAHAHA! Yeah.   Okay. I managed to persuade Mother to let me stay home from school today. Yeah. I don't feel like going to to school tomorrow la. I came back at 9, ate dinner till 10 and I have virtually no time to do homework. Plus, I fell asleep. Yeah. I have no mood to mass PE (what if Mr Ang don't allow me NOT to PE??), and I haven't finished my Chem yet, and I don't want to face the wrath of Mrs Tay. O.O   Oh my god! How can I forget to say this?!!! I scored more points with Mr Jeremy today! First, he said he liked my English file and my comments for the articles.  Well done , he said! Ain't that something? *flashes wide grin* Also, I didn't participate in the debate, but I wrote points for everyone! I have written CQ's point, and guess what? Mr Jeremy said that CQ is the only one who touched on the topic of censorship is not nedded. His point, or rather mine, is that self-censorship is enough, and renders government censorship useless. Muhahaha! Double score for me! Take that, you idiot MCP (He has proven that he is indeed an MCP through and through. He supported the boys' group, which is us, rather than the girls' group, even though the topic we argued is not what he supports. Who wants his support? Eeeee!)!    Today    Righto. Today, I woke up at 8.30. :P to all of you who are in school at that time. I get to sleep late, and you don't! :P :P :P Right. Lets not make the masses angry (and jealous), alright?   Okay okay. Enough joking. I went to AMK to eat some ku meen (for refresher, it means mushroom shredded chicken noodles, aka the best noodles in the world)! Ahh! Heavenly! I can't get enough of them! KU MEEN!!!    After that, we brought some supplies, then went back home. I did my homework (drew 2 graphs..haha), came online for awhile, then went to eat lunch.    After lunch at Admiralty Place (kuay chap), it was to the doctor's. After getting MC, we went to AMK again to shop for hats and whatnot. I brought a pair of black leather (I think fake one...but who knows?) shoes. My old one was too small, and childish I might add. Yeah.   Okie. The rest is not really worth mentioning. Okay, I got lotsa tidbits from CQ about today. Okay. Most interesting tidbit. Today in Chem, Mrs Tay got rather upset and scolded the class. Apparently, John fell asleep and that led onto a tirade that seemed to incriminate the whole class. She apparently feels that whenever she steps into S22, she feels like losing her temper. Is our class so hard for her to handle? Sigh...yue wang ar! I am so glad I didn't come.   O.O! We are supposed to go attend this SAF talk tomorrow. Apparently, me and CQ are selected by Ah Tham. Luckily, tomorrow we have this dress rehearsal at Swissotel for the choir and we can escape this nightmare. However, that CQ did not tell Mr Tham that the choir cats are not going. Neither did JunSheng try to save himself. HAIYOH!!! Qi shi wor leh! We are supposed to tell Tham ma...so he can select 3 other cats. If we tell him tomorrow, it will be too late to make last-minute arrangements. I felt rather upset and irrtated that CQ and JS didn't do anything lor!! It's like I everytime have to be the one who informs the teacher leh. Honestly! What's so hard about speaking to the teacher? Qi shi wor!! Ergh...    Okay...calm down. Calm down. Right. I think I gotta go le. Read a story. Heh. See ya next time! TaTa! Night blog! 
    


	 
      Okay. The title spells it all. I am in such pain! My throat! My hoarse hoarse throat! I fell so sick! There's a constant pressure to vomit. I have not a single wish to vomit my meals out. I do not want to see chewed food coming out of my mouth while I writh in the pain of burning thorax. Yes. It's that bad. Oh! Lets not forget the stomach pains while its being sucked in to push the food out. *Shudders*     Okay die. I just found out that I can't sing, or else I will risk the prospect of vomitting! Die le la...how to sing tomorrow? Vommitting's a side issue, but my voice has grown scratchy and lost its Tenor voice. Now it resembles god-knows-what! Oh dear!     Right. Besides the osccassional sniffing of the throat and more-than-enough clearing of the throat, I did practically nothing today.     Okay. Not really nothing. I watched TV in the morning. I also finished my beta assignment for the English Elite, a club in MNI I joined not too long ago. Very nice and fancy! :) Lexi (the leader) said it was very good. O.O I never 'beta'ed before. That's good, I supposed. HaHa! Even QianQiang meowed and quacked in Tou Long Zhuan Feng! Yes!!     Okay. In the afternoon, I did my homework, which was GP and Physics. I suddenly have an urge to watch Xiao Qian, A Chinese Ghost Story. A commerical for that movie was showing on Channel 8, and I felt like watching it. Of course, I did very little GP writing as I immersed myself in the movie. Ahh well.     I carried my homework to my computer desk and I resumed work. I concluded rather suckily for GP, because I was hurrying to get it done. Heh Heh. I then hurriedly to work on PW, to solve those pesky problems that I know. Can leave the unknown ones to Miss Yee. Heh Heh.    Right. After that I lost myself to  urlLink Dangerously In Love . Pages 13 and 14 gave me problems, and thankfully, Gloria helped me to copy those pages and send to me in Words form! Thanks Gloria.    Oh Yes! You should read  urlLink He's NOT My Boyfriend ! That story made me cried bucketfuls of tears! I never cried so much! Okay...I say it almost everytime. This time, I really cried a lot! The touching scenes were extraordinarily touching! Especially the breakup, then when they reconciled. Very very gan ren. I have a softspot for fights and reconcilation. I really cried so much that my shirt was wet. I just couldn't stop! Very emotional!    Yes. I think I'll end this now. See ya! Great. Now my cold came back. See ya next time! TaTa! 
    


	 
      Heya! I know I know. Throw rotten eggs on me! I haven't been blogging! It all went downhill! I swear I didn't mean to  not  blog. Well, maybe except Wednesday. I am so innocent!     O.O! Blogger has colors and lotsa text-editing tools!  Look!       Wednesday    Right. What's interesting on Wednesday? Well..I've got oral. Sigh. It sucks la. I was given the topic about falling birth rates. This is so Social Studies! Thank god Debra lent me her notes to read at the last minutes. They have pretty good pointers. Oh yes. I got some topics, but my oral skills are sucky. It's like I keep stammering, forgetting how to express certain words in Chinese. Sigh. The examiers have to fill in for me! I die le la.   After that, me, Gloria and CQ waited for WQ. I made him promise to go shopping with me. Hmm. Me, Gloria and WQ went shopping. Gloria got fed a bowl of curry rice. HeHe! I can't find what I wanted, so I let Janet have the job of gift-buying. Quack!   Okie dokie. Yeah, I didn't get to type minutes on Wednesday. Gek Ling forgot to pass me the minutes, and I forgot to ask for them. Heh Heh. I think I was reading fanfic, if I am not wrong. Yeah. It got late, and I have no mood to blog. Heh Heh. There's always Thursday, right? Wrong! Lets' see why.    Thursday    Okay. We had QA today in Chem Practical. Ayioh! It's so messy and sucky! I got black X (A Zinc compound. I have no diea what the anion is) all over my shirt and face. Ayioh!!   Okay. What else happened? Oh yes! Choir! Ayioh...Choir hor. It was sucky. I have an off-day today! All my notes seemed to be wrong. I am having a terrible sore throat. Am, not was. Because I still have it now. Anyhoo, Mioss Ong announced that there were errors. Only 30 have to be selected to go. Sigh. She said she need almost all the boys. The operative word here is 'almost'. Sigh. I am not gonna be selected la. Ren ming ba. She said she wanted the best, not those mediocre ones. Besides, I was standing in front of her during warm-ups, and I kept giving lousy notes. I can't pitch for my life! Sigh. We'll see the results on Monday. I must come, fever or not. Yeah.   Oh yes! I nearly forgot. During assembly, we have personality analysis. Some company came to give us a talk, and booklet to fill up. I found out that I am a S-I. That means I am an Advisor-type.  I am too lazy to give an intro of how an Advisor is like, but I can give you one famous example and you can get a mini-idea. Anne, Sullivan, teacher of Helen Keller. Oh yes! Oprah Winfrey is an Advisor too!   Right, moving onto...    Friday    Friday ar. Ayiah. In GP, we did practically nothing. Seriously. That MCP was drivelling away and I couldn't care less. The front row was engaging in a conversation. The back rows were not. Me and CQ thus chatted the whole lesson. Even cats and ducks chatted about a lot of things!   Right. We went to interview the vice-prez of Parent-Teacher Network. Okay. We didn't really get her. We got another member of the PTN. She's super long-winded, and gives many irrelevant details. Sigh. I want to go off!!   From then on, it is a mad rush back home. Me and GL went off first. I was rushing and rushing and rushing like mad, in order not to be late.   I was late. Oh well. Me, Gloria and CQ are going to Mox Bar and Cafe to watch the Acapella Singing Competition. CQ's sister and her team (of Riverside choir, duhz) is taking part in this competition. We travelled to Tanjong Pagar and took a cab there.    Hmm. The bar is quite cool. I've seen lotsa groups come out to rehearse. They were good. I even brought fishball stick ($1.50!!) from the stall.    Okay. The secondary shcool category came first. Riverside's group was first. Ahh. They did a nice performance! :)  Soon after came more groups. Not bad la. I don't see any group that I fancy.   The college category came next. Only two groups, and I was about to sleep then. I felt very guilty, because I was sitting in front, and I was quite obvious. HaHa.   On the open category, I woke up. Wow! There were a lot of professionals out there. My favorite got to be Upbeat. They rock man! I loved their style. So cool. Hip and urban! :)    Okay. The results are out. RSS did not win. Oh well. Upbeat did win the open category. That's well and good!    We travelled home. It was not a pleasant journey back. I got flu, and it is killing me. I kept sneezing and sneezing! Ayioh....I slept on the train, and the bus ride was killing me! I reched home, took a quick bath and fell asleep.    Today    Right. Today, we went bowling. Whee! It was fun, of some sorts. For the first round. I was giving a good performance. YaY! At the second round, I started declining. Oh well. We played for two rounds. Heh Heh.    After that, we went to the foodcourt to eat. I ate porridge la. What can I eat with this throat of mine? I need to recover my voice soon! I fell sick again. I slept after finishing my porridge, waiting for that WQ to finish his drink.    We walked around, and I felt very giddy. Sigh. Fever's taking its toll on me. Heh Heh. We went home after that.   Actually, me and Gloria went to Causeway Point to buy food for her family. I got to choose 3 bread for her family, because she has an emergency to take care of. I hope my choices are okay. Yeah. After that, we took the bus back.   Right. Today is a very signifant day! Actually, not today, technically speaking. Yes! This is extremely significant! Can't tell why though. :P   Yeah. Wendy has mentioned in her blog that I have a lot of things to hide, so my blog is not very open. Yeah. I kinda regret spreading word around about my blog's existance. It seems like almost everycat that I know is reading my blog. I can't spill my secrets out, and I badly want to! Sigh. Heh.    Ahh well. I gotta get going now. It's very very late. Gotta go now. See ya next time! TaTa! Night blog! 
    


	 
      Heya! Today is a meowing moo day! Weee!  Right. Today is a very okay day. Why? Because I think it is very okay lor. Right. I am crapping. I woke up to watch the last episode of the Jap show! The ending so stupid. Sigh. It gave me a lot of qi shi. Yes!  Anyhoo, today's a long and stupid day. In GP, we formed new groups. Bascially, SU were disbanded and spilt up and there were some changes. Me and CQ left the girls' team to join Kelvin's team. Yeah. That terrible-patriot-to-a-fault MCP gave a typically patriotic name to his group. Pionner Action Party. Everyone groaned (inwardsly or outwardsly) at that  lame  name. Even we ended up as the opposition for the upcoming date over "Censorship is a nesscarry evil". O.O  Okay. After GP was Chem. Before that, let me narrate what deal was made. CQ is to treat me ILT if I fail Chem. Well, you can pretty much guess the results of the bet by looking at the title. I got to treat him ILT, because I passed!! I always sucks at betting. Heh HEh. My Section A saved me, for I scored 21.5/30. Yep.   Okay. We changed our Mass PE teacher. Now we are no longer stuck with Mr Gerald Boh. We got Kevin Ang. O.O He's not bad la. We got let off early. Heh.   Right. Okay. Lotsa lotsa things happened. I am not really in the position to narrate, so I won't. Meow moo!   Oh yes. Me and XC started talking le! I am so happy. I was being childish. Really. I have to thank WQ for that. He started the ball rolling. I guess people like us needs people like WQ around more often. HAHAHA! Now ar,WQ. Don't get your ego all boosted up. :P   Right. I gotta go now. See ya next time. Most probably not tomorrow though. I got lotsa minutes to type tomorrow. Heh. TaTa! Night blog! 
    


	 
      Oh heya! Heh Heh. I didn't blog the whole day yesterday, and there's a perfectly good reason why. Right. You can probably guess from my blog title la.  Anyhoos, here's:   Sunday   Right. Father did not work today. O.O! Right. Even we ate laksa during lunch. Yes!  I went to collect my Charmed: The Book of Three (The Complete Companion to the Hit Show) from WRL. I met HL, PY and SL there. O.O!!  Right. I came back and started on my 1200-words book review. I am doing Huan Zhu Ge Ge, the first part. HaHa! I spent lots and lots of time working on that work. I have to keep calling CQ to ask how to write/express words. Heh. I also have to keep checking the three books on the content.  Also, I was pretty distracted by fanfics. This fic,  urlLink Harry Potter And The Jade Dragon , (a non-slash fic this time! O.O) actually captivated my attention because it has lots of Chinese origins in it. Yes!   Right. That was a major distraction. Of course, I worked for 9 hours on that 1500-words (yes..I managed to wrote extra 300 words) book review, which I fell was quite sucky.   Yesterday was also the first time I put "Away" in my MSN Messenger for the whole day. HaHa! I really felt "Away" lor. Even the cat is away today. Okay.    Today   I woke up at 5am to watch that Jap show. Guess what? It did not play today!! I mistook Wednesday for Monday....and sigh. Woke up for nothing!   Okay. Today in GP, there's a cause for celebration! Mr Jeremy actually thinks my counter-argument is very good! I finally got affirmation from me! I have been waiting for that 'Exactly!' for ages! :P  Right. The arugment I was supposed to counter goes something like banning porn because it has a chance to lead to crimes (sex crimes or otherwise). I countered by saying that pens might as well be banned, because their pointed tips have a chance to cause hurt to people should it fall into the wrong hands. Then, you might as well ban all things on Earth, since they are dangerous and have a chance to lead to crime. Mr Jeremy actually thinks it is good! :D   Right. That very 'patriotic' MCP actually thinks that the media should shield our government and protect its reputation when it did something wrong! AYIOH! Complete rubbish! Our government opening practises transparency. Even if that LKY committed a crime, his case should be covered as extensively as any other politician who has committed a crime. Okay, maybe more la. After all, he is Senior PM. Anyhoo, lets nhot talk about this. MCP is a silly duck.   Okay. I got my Physics results back. I failed with an F! AYIOH!! So terrible! Sigh.  Okay. Today got choir. YaY! I am very happy in choir today. I managed to pitch quite accurately. I am so happy. :)  Okay. That's all lor. See ya next time. TaTa! Night blog!
    


	 
      Okie dokie! Today's a hectic day!!  First off in the morning, we got MT AO Level Listening Comprehension. Yes. Me and Debra talked a lot. Our invigilator looks like one of those PE-teacher type. So PE-teacherish. Anyhoo, the paper was so easy! You can even use logic to answer the questions! It is like...duhz! I am confident of scoring full marks.  Right. After that, me, PY, CQ and Gloria went to help WQ with his PW work. Counting his surveys lor, so he can go off early. Heh. Even ducks counted and meowed.   Yes. After that, we minused PY, went to Causeway Point to eat lunch. I ate kueh chap. Okay la.  After lunch, I brought the cats back. CQ wants to come over to do PW research. Gloria wanted to come along, so why not. I have not planned on adding WQ, but since I felt bad about leaving him out, I inivted him over as well. I have now 3 cats in my house.  Yes. I left them alone for the first hour or so, as I went to bath then watch my Pokemon. Yep.  Ayioh! My room is so small and there are hardly enough room for all of us. Heh. Koo Wen Qiang is very bagua. Reading my conversations wor! No way dude! :P   Heh. It was a utter mess. Fans were being switched on and off. Am I the only one who doesn't find my fan cold? O.o I even fell asleep. Heh.  Right. They finished with their work and began exploring my computer. Siow cats. After that leh, we went outside to talk lor. Talkity talk.   At 5, they went home. Blah blah blah. Ate dinner then watched Simpsons. A lot of cats made guest appearance, like Tony Blair, Ian McKellen and JK Rowling. HaHa! Cool beans!  Right. I think I better go now. I am getting tired. See ya next time! TaTa! Night blog!
    


	 
      Righto. Okie. Two things happened today la. Okay. Three major things actually. Okay. Add another minor one.  First was the release of GP results. Meow moo! Okay. Before that, I made a bet with CQ. I will treat him ice-lemon tea when I passed and he fails. So, even if both of us fails, he will get one ILT. Unfair right?   Yeah. The results are as shown: CQ gets 2 bottles of ILT. Yep. It means I passed and he failed! Actually, I did not pass the way I liked. I got 47/100, but I want to get 50 and above. To me, 50 is considered passing. Sigh. Even the Ice Lemon Teas are gonna get sold out soon. Meow moo meow!  Okay. I also found out my MT score. I got a B4. Cheh. One of the lowest in class. HaHa!   Right. After that my PW group and I went to Boon Lay Primary to interview the vice-principal. Yeah. We went to collect the results from YuHua Primary.  Heh. The interview went quite smoothly. She brought up even more points, and I am very glad for that. :D  Okie. We went to Mcdonalds for lunch and analysis of our results. Heh heh. Lets just say our surveys are very satisfactory. Very statisfactory indeed. ;)  Okay. Me and Kelvin took 187 back. It's a 50 minutes ride back home. Yep.  Okay. I go watch Nip/Tuck le. See ya next time. TaTa! Night blog!
    


	 
      Heya! I just found out that I have the worst luck ever!  Right. Let me narrate from the start. Okay. I am now hooked on this new TV show (a Jap drama) that airs at 5am. The storyline is so addicting! Okay right.  Today I left home extra early to deposit my moolah into my bank account via the Cash Deposit Machine at CCK MRT Station. Okay. I see there's no line, so I rushed there. I immediately took out my card and was just about to insert it when I looked up and saw the words "This machine is temporary out of service"! Why must this happen to me! So dao mei leh! When I want to deposit somemore! I said "ayiah!" and the people queueing in the ATM queue looked at me. So paiseh!   Sigh. This term in Chem Prac, we started doing QA. Eee. I hate QA. Have to memorize a lot of things. Also have to do a lot of tests too. So er xin. Sigh.   Okay. I found out how much I got for my Physics MCQ. It is...11/25. Sigh. Not even pass by 45% Die le la. Dao mei leh! So unlucky!  Okay. After Physics is choir. This is a rather informal practice session. Heh Heh. After that, we went back home lor.  Okay. I received news that only 9 passed GP in our class. Parvi sure pass de. They are spectaculating that I will pass. I doubt so. I can scrape through for essay, but for comprehension, it was a total stab in the dark while answering questions. I anyhow do one!! How can pass like that? Unless my essay mark is very high, which again, I doubt so. Sigh.   Okay la. I log off le. See ya next time. TaTa! Night blog!
    


	 
      Heya! Firstly, before I narrate today's event, lemme do something.  Happy birthday to me, Happy birthday to me. Happy birthday to Kelvin, Happy birthday to me!  Wheee! 7th July is upon us all again! Isn't it wonderful? O.O!!   Okay. Today's the starting of the school term. Sigh. Here we are again. Doomed to wake up as early as 5:30, being groggy and all, and before you know it, you are inside a building with thousand more like-beings being forced to learn theories and what-have-you.   Right. Okay. Today we only got back Maths. I passed by 1 mark, barely scrapping it! I am so happy! Weee! Heh.  Right. In Chinese, I was told that my compo did not li ti. Run away from the topic. YAY!   After school, me, CQ and Gloria went to Causeway Point to eat lunch, after that going home. Heh.   Okay la. There was no celebration today. Heh Heh. A lot of cats did wish me "Happy Birthday", so I am very happy. :)   Yeah. Oh yes! I am supposed to collect my present from Wendy. :) I wonder what she got me, even though I got a pretty shrewd idea. Heh heh. Wendy! Don't forget to lend me the W.I.T.C.H. comics ar! I really need to catch up. HaHa!   Okay. I am really really tired. I think I should go sleep soon. Yeah. See ya next time! TaTa! Night blog!
    


	 
      Yes! Even today is the day of the dazzling interviews and surveys! Weee!   Right. I woke up really early. Really really early. Yes. I took my father's taxi to Jurong East MRT.   Wahh....yi ge liang ge. Shan shan lai chi. Make me wait there for so long. I was so worried that we would be late. Kelvin met me and we took bus 98 down there.   JiaHao arrived shortly, followed by Gek. Phew! We didn't turn out late after all!   What nice interview session! Me and GekLing were doing interviews duties for this round. The moment was quite tense in the beginning, but it all melted away. Mr Ong invited his HOD of Maths, Mrs Toh to share in the interview.   It wasa very great session. Lots of new issues were brought up, and we were made aware of the different sides of the issues we are working on. It's a mind-broadening event. :D They also decided to help us distribute our surveys to their classes! So kind of them! We took a group photo. I truly must say, we enjoyed working with them! :D  After that we went to Boon Lay Primary and seeked an audience with the vice-principal. We booked an interview date with her on Friday, and she also helped us take some surveys to her classes. How nice!  After that, we went to Lakeside Primary. The very nice vice-p, Mrs Fong let us do an interview. This time, Kelvin Lim and JiaHao did the interview. Rotation of shifts ma. Heh.   After that we went to the canteen to let the kids do some surveys. We would like some surveys experience ma, not just schools help us do. These kids readily want to help leh! It's such a surprise! All those adults would be like very unwilling and stuff, but kids actually volunteered to be surveyed! How amazing! Such is the preciousness of the children. :D  Right. After that we went to Clementi for lunch. I ate laksa. Yes. Even ducks meow and moo!  Okay. We went to NanHua, but we can't get through. Sigh. I think we are all giving up on that school. Quite snobbish. We decided to go home lor.  Me and Kelvin took 963 bus back to Woodlands Interchange. Heh. We fell asleep on the long bus journey. So tired!   I went back, surfed the net and stuff la. Cheh. Nothing to do. Okay. I go off le la. 30 more minutes to 7th July! Weee! See ya next time! TaTa! Night blog!
    


	 
      Sigh. Another error. I am not upset this time. I didn't wrote much. Heh. Just a lot of nonsense in the beginning.   Heh Heh. Right. Today I went out with my friends to celebrate my birthday. Actually, HuiMin was invited too. Two Cancerians celebrating their birthdays, post-celebration for HM, pre-celebration for me. Heh Heh.   I met Gloria and HuiLing. Heh. I managed to scare them by hiding down the lift's door. When it opened, I gave them a "boo!". Heh heh! KY scaring has risen up a new level! Wee!   Anyhoo, we met CQ and HuiMin in Woodlands MRT, then Joyce arrived shortly after. Yes. We decided to go pool first.   Heh Heh. We only played for an hour or so. Hann came along and gave me the video-camera. Thanks Hann! I will take care of it de, don't worry!   After pooling, we went to watch The Day After Tomorrow. That movie is so nice! I mean, it is thrilling at first, but the emotions behind it is so powerful. Esepcially at the end when both the father and the son were rescued, and people actually survived that freezing. So touching!   After the movie, they went to buy my present for me. Apparently, they decided that I need a fashion makeover. Heh. They decided to buy something new for my wardrobe. Heh. After shopping all around, they finally brought me 2 polo tees from Giordano. A yellow and a blue one. Heh. They look nice.   Okay. That's it for today la. Oh yes! Monica and Chandler finally can adopt a baby! Weee! Such a nice Thanksgiving episode! Meow moo!   Right. Okay. I said something about a poem right? I have chanced upon this poem in MNI. It's such a nice, but sad, poem about the big bad world we live in. What's it about? Gays. How they are treated in this world. Read on.     urlLink  Queer People     by Cheyenne   You'd rather have you closeted kids be unhappy  Than out and proud, and have to listen to the endless  Talk at the country club about the town's new  Rainbow prince.  You'd rather tell your best friend he's going to hell  Than remember that he's the one who built a tree house with you when you were ten  And went to detention with you in middle school so you wouldn't be lonely.  Some people couldn't even say the word 'homosexual'.  Even if their mouth was full of one.  Is that you?  Some parents think their kids aren't gay, just too warm  And kick them out on the freezing streets to fight or die  As some form of 'tough love' that might 'cure' them.  Is that you?  Strangers on the news.  Attacked with a baseball bat.  Kicked endlessly in their head and left to die.  Tied to a fence and beaten to death.  And you'd rather shrug and laugh it off.  'Another less faggot'.  And go on about your life, than shed a tear  And admit human decency  Besides, giving a damn about queers  Will make people think you are one  And then your life would be over.  You'd rather hire an incompetent heterosexual  Than a qualified gay man to spread his gay germs everywhere.  A friend tells another fag joke  And you laugh along, cuz ignorance in the short run  Is easier than enlightenment.  And when it comes to AIDS, you'd rather blame it all on them anyways  Than admit affects men, women, and children all over the world  Gay, straight, and everything in between.  That would be too much responsibility that could be dropped onto someone else.  People think queer means anybody that isn't straight.  But you're only truly queer if you refuse to love at all.    Nice ain't it? What a beautiful poem. Sad too. Sigh. The stupid homophobic world. Oh meow.   With that nice poem, I sign off le. See ya next time! TaTa! Night blog!
    


	 
      Ergh! I just came back from teaching my brother how to derive formulas of compounds and stuff like that. Ayioh..his Chem teacher is terribly useless.  Okay. Yeah. let me proceed to talk about yesterday.    Saturday   Yes! The SYF Opening Ceremony. All of us are going.  Okay. I woke up at 6, in order to do the Time Race quiz! Wow! I had fun doing them. I felt so confident! I hope my team gets into 2004 year safe and sound! Yes! Even ducks meowed!   Okay. I then met my team. We are planning to visit the primary schools to ask for permission to do surveys in their school. Heh. Most of the schools lie on the 98 bus route line, so it is darn convienent. Most of the schools are so friendly, especially Lakeside's vice-principal. So friendly! Some school's principals are not present, so we have to leave our particulars with the schools. Well, generally, we kinda succeeded. Yep. :)   Then I went to meet CQ and Gloria. Yeah. Lets skip the meeting process short and letys just say all of us met at Lot 1 at 12.35. Ayioh!!! Foodcourt is so full, and so are the fast food restaurants. We just have to ta bao our food back to PJ to eat lor. I 'da pao'ed chicken rice. I am damn hungry...and my stomach is hurting. It has been 6 hours since I ate.   Okay. We ate. Yes! We waited for the rest at the concourse. Heh. In the end, there were only 3 tables of choir members. Ain't that pathetic? Heh. They were thinking of skipping, because nobody took attendance. Even the seniors did not come. Sigh. All of us went in the end.  Me and BoonChai sat together. We chatted and chatted. Heh. I helped him do survey on accidents. What a cool survey. I chatted with him non-stop. What good chemistry between us.   Our choir people were talking non-stop. Heh. We passed by lots of school. Mainly primary schools. They were so happy meeting us that they keep waving at us. Heh. We met Admiralty Primary. YAY! Heh Heh.   Well, our bus is hopelessly lost. Well, not really. We have to get into the 'wrong' lane, and in the end, our batch is the last to arrive. We got separated from the rest of the Pioneers. Heh.   Okay. The Opening Ceremony is like a mini-NDP. Sigh. Copycats. Heh heh. No la. The choir put up a good performance. The display band competition is nice. YaY! Tanjong Katong won. What a nice display band! Yes!  Gloria and met met the rest outside the stadium. CQ went to meet his family. We met SL, HL, Joyce, Janet, Vydia and YiJia. Heh Heh. We walked all the way towards Kallang MRT, then we took the train back to Woodlands. We ate dinner there and went back home.  Yes. By the way, nice fashion, Colin. You matured a lot.   Today   Okie dokie. I mainly did my GP homework today. Heh. I finally succumbed to temptation and only did 'an article every 2 weeks' plan. However, I selected good topics like "Gay Marriages" and "Hate Crimes" to write on, so I got lotsa good and insightful comments. Yes! Heh Heh. So I only did 4 articles. Sue me. :P   Yes! That means I completed myGP homework. YAY for me! 1 down, 1 to go. Only MT left! Even the ducks are meowing at XiaoYanZi! Yes!  Okay. Today is that boring. Right. Not really. Dad was home the whole day. Don't want to work today, I guess. Yeah.  I got very very good news. I can't say what. Oh, very good news that is.  Right. I gotta go write the reward challenge for Survivor RPG. See ya next time! TaTa! Night blog!
    


	 
      Righto! Today was supposed to be a free day. Right. Free. The understatement of the year. Meow.  Okie. In the morning I only surfed the net la. Nothing much to talk about.  Heh. Okay. I met Gloria and CQ at CCK. Actually, I met CQ on the train. We went to McDonalds to eat. Me and Gloria ate that 20-piece Chicken McNugget. Meow! How fulling.  Hmm. We were at school quite early. Ayiah. We are going there to measure our sizes and select a pattern for the costume. Hmm.   Well, the process was long and ardous. Actually, it wasn't that bad. We were measured here and there. The design for the guys were somewhat like Chinese communists. Well, not really. Nationalists more like. The collar only. The jacket would be black in colour, while the shirt will be a big pinkish. I don't know what design the girls are gonna wear (they are still designing), but their color will be maroon. According to the wishes of the teachers.  Right. Sigh! I want to throttle the necks of a lot of bodies. First hor, they said wanna go out. Then, last minute, due to some reason or two, all of them cancelled their plans on us. I wasted my moolah you know! I was also very annoyed at that Koo Wen Qiang. Sian dong sian xi! I feel like throttling his neck the most!   Okay. Enough of murdering cats. I went hme, and meowed. Okay. End of story. I don't feel like elaborating much today. Heh. See ya next time. Most probably not tomorrow, because I got SYF Opening Ceremony from 2 till late at night, and I got PW in the morning. Sigh. Saturdays are doomed dates for blogging. Right. Enough rambling. Night! Tata blog!
    


	 
      Okie dokie. Today's the last exam! Weee! Yeah. Even Chemistry is meowing and mooing.  Yes! Ayioh. I studied Chem in the morning while watching Zhao An Ning Hao. Ayioh. Chem Bonding to me, is still half bucketful of water. I can't grasp the idea well! Sigh.  Heh. I was forbidden to scare Gloria. Sigh. What to do? I tried to give her a mild scare, but it didn't work. Meow!! Sigh. We were almost late. Even ducks are mooing and meowing.  Sigh. The Chem MCQ is a horror! Ayioh! For 1/3 of the paper, I was wildly making guesses! I swear, I never guessed so much in my entire life! Ayioh! I barely have enough time for the paper! Sigh... How meowing.  Paper 2 ar. At first I was doing quite happily. Then, qi shi wor!! The back questions were tough, and then I only have time for 1.5 essays questions, and I am supposed to do 3. Sigh. Fail le la! Fail le la!  Okay. Depressing business aside. We went home after the exam. Too tired to do anything else. Sigh. Tomorrow also dunnoe do what somemore. Meow. I think I end this entry le la. See ya next time. TaTa! Night blog!
    


	 
      Oh my my my my! Okay guys. Before all of you freak out at moi and throw rotten eggs or whatever you have in hand, listen to my plea. I live a busy life these days! Yes! I am so terribly innocent! Okay...lets start with Saturday!   Saturday   Okie dokie. Today is mainly PW day. My group members are coming over to do PW. Yes!   Okay. In the morning I did my PW minutes lor. PW PW PW meows the ducks! Oh why yes!   Okay. I also finished editing Two Fanthoms Deep and am now putting all editions on the pieces of paper into the computer. Yeah. It's going great and all, yeah. I just need more time.   Okie. All of them came at 2.30+. Yep. Okay. Here goes a long long day! First off, Tham wanted us to do reviews for everyone of our articles. I've found out that I've got very very little articles. About 4. Sigh. I die liao la.   After that, we got onto doing group articles. HaHa. We numbered articles and we did them lor. Took us a whole big while. Of course, we chatted while we talked. WE talked about a lot of things, like JH's crush. HaHa.   Yeah. By dinner-time, we still haven't finished yet. They had to go down to 768 to buy dinner back home. I was eating my dinner and watching The Simpsons. After that I went to bath and went back to PWing lor.   Yeah. We finished about 11+. We were each given 2 group reviews, our indiviual reviews and our own PW Written Report chapter to write. Sigh. I also have the added burden of re-arranging the minutes. Sigh. Even ducks would meow at such a workload! I don't think I can do my homework le la. Sigh.   Sunday   Okie dokie! Today 4/5 had a gathering at Sentosa! Wheee!   Okay. We are supposed to meet at 9 at Woodlands Interchange. However, we only set off at 10. Yeah. Ayiah...meow moo.   Okay. We went to this food centre to eat first. After that, we joined the long long queue towards Sentosa.   Yeah. We met Kelvin and Teng Fei at Siloso Beach. Oh boy, was it big? Terribly big! Me, Manda, Cq, SL and XueLin went off to wade a little. HaHa. We even sat down on the pier and dangled our legs in the water. Like that also fun. After that, we went back.  Okay. This is where the nightmare began. Sigh. WQ somehow found a plastic bottle and took great fun with splashing water on me with that blasted thing. I AM SO KILLING THAT IDIOT WHO LITTERED! I don't know what the hell was wrong with him lor. Why des he take sadistic pleasure in torturing me? He needs to have his head checked. Badly.   Sigh. I was dragged into the water. Sigh. First, that GaoLuan tried to pull me in. Luckily, I have nails. I used them. He let go, and I am very proud to say that I inflicted wounds on him. Serve him right. Then, Hann tried. That GL came and attacked me lor. WQ took opportunity to pour more water on me. I hate it la. My clothes are all wet and sticky with sand. I might as well go down. I still hate GL and WQ. Idiots. I inflicted nail wounds on Hann too, but they are not deep. Okay. Sigh of relief. I don't want to hurt Hann. I wish I have Piper's powers. I so badly want to blow WQ up to pieces. So so badly. That's why I don't have powers. I'll misuse them.   Yeah. Wanna hear more stories of WQ's sadist nature? I was like trying to pull him down the sea...then he gave me a hard slap and shouted "My arm's injured la!". Everyone who witnessed was so horrified. How can a friend do that to his friend? Me. I was shocked, but it did not hurt. I got used to it. I guess he must really hate me. Come on. I don't even slap strangers. Or people I hate. Even my friend (cannot reveal name) was telling me to slap back. Sigh. WQ's such an egnima. I don't know how to say la. I hope one day, he feels really guilty for whatever he has done. (I am a big believer of karma. It's gonna catch up on him someday and hit him so hard that he will regret immensely every curel thing he did. A guy can always dream, right? :P) But when that day comes, the sky's gonna fall down. Such creature being capable of guilt? Ha!   Right. Once I stayed in the water, I felt so much like home. I began to connect with Phoebe (A Mermaid's Tail, Charmed Season 5's first episode). The seas's my home. I was unwilling to leave it.   When I left...oh man. I began to feel ill. The sun's very glaring...my sores hurt...I can't see anything and they wanted to play games. I tried to play, but my head hurts.   After a while, we went back into the water again. Oh my...it felt so good! I don't ever want to leave it. I stayed there as long as I could, whilst dodging missles from Hann's rabid 'fans'. HaHa.   After some photos, we finally went to change. Ahh...the first toilet we went to was crowded, so we went to the next. We walked and walked...and finally reached that blasted place. Woah...after taking a shower, I felt so good. Okay, not really. My skin hurts. I got sunburnt. Sigh...  After Sentosa, we went to City Hall. We wanted to catch the fireworks at the Esplanade. Yes! Unfortunately, KH decided to tag along. I was like O.O! Most of us don't like him lor. I was like "I don't want him around, but as long as he doesn't bother me, I don't care".   We ate lor. After that, we went to the Padang to watch the fireworks. We reached there about 7.40, but it doesn't start till 8.30. We chit-chatted. Meow moo!   WoW! The fireworks were spectacular! It's like so meowful! So beautiful. During the climax, you can really feel the whole place shaking with each BOOM BOOM BOOM! So nice. You really had to be there to enjoy it. Watching it on TV isn't the same.   We went back lor. HaHa! I want to laugh to death! HaHa! Xiao shu lin wor! That WQ tried to sabo me. He was trying to make everyone tell me ghost stories so that I would be scared when walking back home. I tried to point out the fact that I got Janet besides me. He can't listen, or he pretended not to. Either way, SL told her NP ghost stories and CQ narrated MeiTing's experience. That WQ was scared shitless and he was like saying "Stop leh..I am going home alone". I was like so laughing myself to tears! Who was the one who wanted people to tell ghost stories de ar? HAHAHAHA! This is caled retribution! HAHAHA! Zhi tao ku chi! HAHAHAHA!   Okay. I went back, bathed and slept.   I enjoyed today, because I got to meet all my 4/5 friends again. I had a great time! I felt so happy being able to talk to people like Amanda, Zue Lin and Shin Han again. HaHa. I didn't regret going to today's outing. :D   Today   Okay. Today we are going to Clementi's KTV World. Yeah. We met at Causeway Point and went there lor. We waited for PY and Joyce before going to sing.  Like again, they don't have English songs. Not new ones. I felt quite proud of myself for singing quite a bit. I might have gone off-pitch at times, but I enjoyed myself. :)   After that, we went to Causeway Point. They wanted to eat KFC, but it was full, so they went to Marsiling instead. Oh yes. I brought Ocean Ou De Yang's album. His songs are very very nice. Especially Xiu Xiu Xiu! YES!! Nice album. $18.95 didn't go wasted.   Okay. We went to Marsiling and waited for CQ and PY to come. They finally came and I was like a sigh of relief. Someone else to talk to at last. Other than the girls (who I have no problems connecting with), I felt pretty bored. Yeah. Me, Gloria, CQ and WQ shared a meal. Yeah.   We sat down and talked lor. Ayioh...all of them started to talk about me and WQ. They went "Oh! You slapped KY ar?". HaHa! Don't know what their intentions are, but of course, they are standing by me. Who would agree with the slapper, and not the victim. Unless they hate the victim la, but they don't hate me. :P Anyhoo, they were like saying me and WQ don't talk. Yeah, true. He didn't want to talk to me de ma. I mean, today's conversations between us right, he was either insulting me or talking about stupid things. Why can't I read the newspaper slowly? That idiot feels the need to poke his nose into my reading speed. Siao. I didn't talk to him, and basically avoided him lor. Yeah, some of my excuses for not sitting besides him were lame (my butt's too big for the space in between him and HuiLing), but the "sun shining on my neck" reason was really true ma. If he expects me to be friendly after that bullying yesterday, I think he must be off his rocker.   We also talked about a whole lot more of things. HaHa. Mainly about Joyce's life as the rich Mrs Ong (Joyce la, who else?) and her married life with Mr Ong. HAHA! So funny one. We were laughing ourselves to bits.   Okay. So we went home at 6+. I didn't miss the choir singing at all. Okay, I missed two while in the shower. The choir sang a pathetic amount of songs this year. I wonder why they cut away the choir time. Stupid people. This year's NDP was not so bad la. I only slept for 5 minutes. HaHa!   After NDP came Singapore Idol. Yeah, I liked that show. I really liked Gurmit the host. I felt that he was the 'big brother' when he was comforting Rocky Wang. So loving. The contestants were not bad. I didn't met anyone who WOWed me, but I find a lot of them whiny. The judges are not bad. Ken Lim looks very strict, and he's brutual and honest. The rest of the judges are more outgoing and friendly, and they know their stuff la. Yeah.   After that was online time, and then Friends. Joey can't speak French correctly to save his life. HaHa! So funny!   Okay. I gotta go le. It's about 13.36am Tuesday. Woah. Tired le. See ya next time! TaTa! Night blog!
    


	 
      Meowing moo! As expected, there was no blogging yesterday! Meow moo meow! Let me narrate!   Thursday   O.O!! Even ducks were meowing and quacking and mooing! What a day!! Okay...  In the morning was nothing much la. Chem Prac was meowing and the anions are maddening! Yes! Okay...today isn't much fun. Except Physics Practical. HaHa. Me, Kelvin, JiaHao and CQ talked and talked. I found out that Yu Yi, this girl JH likes, is in choir. I..er-hmm...helped JH send a poem to her. O.O!! :P  Righto. Today choir, we had the parade rehearsals again! Weee! This time, Mr Sars is very happy with us. O.O!! O.O!! What a surprise! I guess we are all happy bout that. Hmm...we went back to practise.   Guess what? We have to assemble at 6.30 tomorrow! Sigh. I got my father to drive Boon Chai, Gloria and CQ to school. HaHa! That solved the transport issue. Even ducks would meow everywhere! We practised till 9. Can you believe it? 9? Yeah...it was so darn late. I reached home at 10, bathed and quickly ate dinner. Even cats have no time nor energy to come online yesterday. Thus, explained the lack of a blog entry.  Ayioh...Boon Chai and CQ told ghost stories in the train you know! Me and Gloria were scared to death! Even Gloria and I talked about  A LOT  of things on the way home. h why yes! A lot! While walking home myself, I even had to call WQ to keep my company. HaHaHa!    Today   O.O! Oh my my my my! Today, it was a very early time to go to school. Why yes! I even had to call CQ and Gloria up. That CQ ar! Very funny leh. He actually went to the station at 5! O.O!   Right. We [icked Gloria, CQ and Boon Chai up at Admiralty Station without much mishap. 'Cept that BC was late for a bit, however, we ended up being early in school. Weee!   Okie dokie. After lotsa practises, we finally performed. The parade performance was meowingly okay. I mean, it wasn't bad, but it wasn't good either. Yeah...we went up to the hall. Now, that's when the fun started.   Of course, choir is the finale (best of the last ma :P). The front parts were pretty boring. Especially the quiz time. MOST especially the quiz time. I fell asleep then. HaHaHa!   Okay. It was choir's turn to entertain the crowd. John told us yeterday that for years, community singing is mainly "the whole shcool looks at the choir singing" kinda thing. This year, we are so gonna change that. Yep.   Indeed, we injected spice into their lives. We went up there with our silly moves and roused the crowds. I was grinning all the way. Heck if I sang wrongly! I was so enjoying myself! When I went up there, I saw that S22 was sitting near the front. When they spotted me, CQ and JS, their eyes went like O.O! HaHa! They also danced along to Home. I was like beaming like mad. So happy that my class was so supportive and outgoing! HaHaHa!   After the concert, we were so happy. The teachers were telling us that we did a gret job and all. We stayed back for photos taking and more song singings! HaHa! Choir is so cool! Weee! Three cheers and three cheers and three cheers for choir! Hip hip hooray! Hip hip hooray! Hip hip hooray! WEEE!!!  After that fun morning session, staying back late countless of times this week is so totally worthed it! After the celebration, we went to foodcourt to eat. Me, Janet, WQ and CQ eventually went to the foodcourt to eat. HaHa. We met JiaHao they all there. JH was jealous that I got to hold Yu Yi's hand. She was besides me ma. HaHa. I even held her back lor. :P I bet that JH would never accomplished what I did. HaHaHa! Not that I am interested in Yu Yi, but I can tease him with it. Muhahaha! I am sooo evil.  After that, we went home lor. Actually, me and CQ did. Janet and WQ went to bowling. Now, I am going to library to meet CQ, Gloria and WQ to do homework. I think I am only doing my Maths and Chem. HaHaHa. Meow moo!   So...see ya next time! TaTa! Night blog!  Stand..up...for...Sing--ga--pore!!! Do....the...best....you....can.....!!!! 
    


	 
      Heya! Okay. To summarize: Today's a sucky day. Yes!  Okay. Lessons weren't so bad. I mean, they were pretty boring, but nothing much happened really. Well, I came out with a marvellous story plot for my Chinese compo, and I was so happy! HaHaHa!   YaY! I beta'ed two pages of Kelly's story. HaHa! I noticed a couple of interesting things about her. I shall not reveal it here, of course, to protect her privacy. Meow moo!  Okay. Today's choir was sucky in general. In general. Right. Let me start from the beginning.   Right. I thought it was a private practise, but only to discover that we had Hall rehearsals. Darn.   Okay. Basically it went horribly. First there was the mike problems. Secondly, we can't co-ordinate with our lives! Our dance steps sucks. Sigh. I was moved constantly. I ended up standing in between Gen Sheng and Jun Sheng. Why must I be made to stand near JS everytime? Issit my bad luck?!  Okay. Today, that teacher-in-charge, Miss Kumar, got pissed at the choir. I don't know why, her mood suddenly became foul and started being bitchy. She got so pissed off with us that she placed the Dance Club to sing with us, and ordered us to tuck our t-shirts ALL IN.   Fuck. What is this? She added the Dance club because, apparently it seemed to her, we have no life on stage. Oh! So she thinks the dancers are more lively la! She thinks that they can do better than us la! She thinks that they are so multi-talented enough to dance AND sing. Why not scrape off the choir from the performance list and let the multi-talented dancers do everything? Sheez! Some people have no brains. At all. Then the tucking all in part. Not even folding out a little. What kind of stupid rule is that? Even Mr Kuek doesn't mind leh. Tucking everything in looks so boring (and honestly, geeky). Whoever with a sane mind does that? Sigh...I am so appalled at the horrible teachers leh. One foul mood and they decided to be super bitchy and made life hell for us students. Such teachers should jump off the building. I mean, the students are so innocent loh. When I am a teacher, I wouldn't do that to my students. Even I have more morals and integrity! Take that, Miss Usha Kumar!!!  Right. Following that ugly episode, all of us were like so wanting to boycott her. John pointed out that although it would be nice to do that (and show her who's boss! She can't just come in here and bitch her way around us!), but it would be a waste of our efforts if we just boycott because of a stupid event. Why don't we prove her wrong. I mean, we are good. We know that. We wanted to show her that she was so damn wrong in picking on us. We devised a set of our moves, and we are so not informing the Dancers. Let them dance their own moves, or fumble while trying to mimic us. The dancing was so damn fun! We are sooo evil. I was enjoying myself singing while moving to funny actions. :D Great job, choir! Keep it up! We can do it!!  Coming back, it was already 9. Luckily I don't have homework wor, or else I wouldn't even be online now, ranting about the ugly side of life. Yes!   Okie. I gotta go. See ya next time (Don't think I am blogging tomorrow. Coming back late due to choir, and I expect that there'll be Chem Prac homework). TaTa! Night blog!
    


	 
      Hey Hey! I'm so sorry for not blogging yesterday! I came back really really late, and can only come online at 11! Choir ended late, and let me tell you, it's gonna happen tomorrow and Thursday too. So, don't expect entries from these two days. Yeah. Right. Lets begin on....   Monday   Right. What happened yesterday? Lets go down in chronological order. Right. That poor pitiful KWQ!! His hand is in such a heavy heavy cast! Oh my meowing mooing lord! So ke lian!   We had no PE today, so we had 1.5hours free! Wheee! How fun is it to be free? Very fun! What did we do ar? Bascially, I just lazed around while CQ did Chem. HaHa!   Okay. Something very interesting happened in GP today. Hmmm! That MCP made a terribluy narrow-minded comment! Yes! He incurred the wrath of everyone in S22! Weeee! Now his unpopularity is on the rise! Even ducks could meow at that. Basically hor, he said that ITE students are all stupid and they all smoke and dye hair. At that comment, everyone went 'OEI' and shouted "narrow-minded!". Even Khairul wanted to punch him. HaHaHa! Benjamin shot down every single of that MCP's points, and everytime he did, all of us applauded! HaHaHa! Wheee! When class ended, everyone went out of the class muttering how nuts is that MCP is. HaHa!   Right. After that classes are boring. Okay. Choir. Today's choir we had rehearsals with the band. We went out at 6 to practise singing the National Anthem with the band. I remember all too well during my Sec3 years, where the choir and band collaborated to disastrous results! I hope RS won't repeat past mistakes! Ergh...it was horrible. They couldn't hear us sing! Here we were, blasting our guts out loud and getting really tired, and what do we get? Criticism! Ergh! Ergh! Ergh! Actually, choir today wasn't that horrible la. At the end, we sang John's song (the rap part) so nicely that he was so happy about it and everyone's mood perked up! YaY! Finally! :D  Okay. Coming back, I am swamped with homework. I have to do Chemistry and also 3 mini-book reviews for Chinese. Sigh...I finally completed at 11! Oh yes! Phoebe finally got married (I forgot the groom's name! AHH!)! YAY!! Monica the control-slave-wedding planner is so totally hilarous! HAHA!   Tuesday   Right. What did we do today? Relatively little. It's kinda boring la. Yeah. Me and CQ kept asking Miss Yee about Physics assignment. HaHa! It looked like I've made a mistake with calculations. HaHa! Silly old me.   WQ removed his cast! O.O His right arm is still numb though. It practically has no feelings in it at all! O.O Poor thing!! Ayioh!   Right. Guess what? I've signed on to being a beta on FictionAlley. HaHa! Beta basically means I am an editor for authors. So far, only two has signed on with me. I am not sure about one, whether he wants me or not. I am currently editing the second's fic, and I loved it a lot! There are some errors, but not too much to make the pages red! Heh heh! I am so having fun.  Of course, I wanted to try writing a fic. I am now writing for this Title Challenge. I chose the title  Fear Of Flying  to write about. I am asking if my storyline would suit the title. I want to touch on the metaphorical 'flying', not the actual physical one. Yep.   Ya know what? I gotta get going now. I am so darn tired! See ya next time, eh? TaTa! Night blog!
    


	 
      Hey Hey! What a jolly day! Jolly well! Jolly well!  Yes! Today morning was quite nice. Very nice. I was reading fics and such. HaHa. I forgot the links... Oh yes! There's one.  urlLink The Worst Happiest Day Of His Life   A very very hilarious fic! Tis H/D slash. HaHa! HAHA!   Right. In between reading slashes and watching QianQian and eating dinner, I waited for 2 to come.  I am supposed to meet Hann and his PW group at Woodlands Interchange. I was slightly late and only Hann came. Heh Heh. The other people are still coming over, so me and Hann explored around Causeway Point.   His PW members started arriving. First there was this YaoHua. She gave me the impression that she was quite cold. Then this MiaoMaio came. She waved hi. Oh i meow! Er...I forgot the last one's name. She waved back too.  I brought them to my house to watch the video I helped them record. HaHa. I was busy with my other stuff, naming surfing FictionAlley.   HaHa. Later Hann came in and I helped him with his project, which is finding plastic surgeons to interview. HaHa. Soon we are all sending them emails. Actually, I helped to type their emails, because I did that before.   Yeah. They did project till 6, then they left. Hann has to stay over to do some more project work. We went out to eat dinner.  HaHa! It was refreshing to chat with Hann. Catching up with old times. HaHaHa! Always great to catch up with old buddies! We chatted and chatted. Ha! We even talked about that rat MCP. OOOO! I've found out that he talked about me and CQ toHann, say what, we are always together and not with the class and don't know why/how we can be together for so long. That's none of his freaking business man! Ergh! I am so telling CQ!  Right. When we came back, it was already 7+. HaHa! I bathed first, then continued to chat with Hann and helped him with his project. He left at 8+, and I walked him to the bus-stop because it was raining. We sang "Home" all the way there. HeHe! Glad to have him around! :D  Right! After that,I came back and read Per Solum Lacuna. New chapter out!! Weee! Harry and Draco finally met! Oh my my!! What a cliffhanger! Oh yes! A very badddd cliffie! Now, the main concern is: How are they gonna turn from enemies to lovers? Does it happen over the next chapter or span across agonizingly over few chapters? O.O!! I am so excited to find out!   Why yes! My video for "Centennial Charmed" has been downloaded completely! Gotta go watch it! TaTa! Night blog!
    
     



       
       1/31/04   Fairly Short Day....lazy sorta Saturday,. Really good seminar @ church though   Not much to say today. Basically I woke up, played piano, played PS2, then left for church for the seminar tonight. It was a good seminar though. But just before I get to that I'm gonna start from the morning...  I WAS going to wake up at 9 and practice piano for 2 hours to cram in some time so my teacher wouldn't kill me, but I decided to hit the snooze button and wake up at 10. Smart=P. Well anyways I ended up playing for an hour and 5 minutes, then ate some pizza *nutritious breakfast eh?,* Jason then called me and I told him to come over at 1, and then headed for piano lessons.  It was pretty bad for scales, but songs didn't sound bad. I HATE technique. Waste of precious piano playing time. Well after doing all that stuff I'm now officially realizing I need to spend more time playing my piano and less time doing other things. Ugh I really need a more organized life. Well that is something I do try to pray for. I honestly don't know though what I'd do without God. I mean after a stressful day it just feels so relaxing to read the Bible and do daily devotions. But yeah anyways after piano I got home....  And Jason beat me to my own house. Ouch. Well anyways he was on my comp, looking up stuff on the net, and we'd eventually be doing this for about 20 minutes or so before my dad finally finished watching the TV. Then came a bit of Silent Hill 3 *had to beat this one part before I forgot* then we went to play NFL street. Fun. LOTS of fun. When you're a runningback that can stiff arm, break tackle, juke, spin and then do a 360 hurdle all in one combo...........you get hit and fumble the ball. Yeah that happened a few times. We had some fun with that game though. Made my team better...My QB is actually not anerexic anymore. But anyways after that we then went to church, where we listened to Pastor Daniel Tjoe-Long *spelling of last name?* from OCAC talking about "The End-Time Christian."  It really was a good seminar though. Really brought up a lot. One main thing he kept on emphasizing is how we have to always be ready. I mean I've always known that but he really brought it up front.....VERY effectively. Some parts of the speech I didn't like though, like the part about how he seemed to think marrying someone from another religion is against the Bible. Maybe I interpreted it wrong though, because I was half asleep for most of it......until the 2nd half where after a short nap I got some energy pumped back in me. Then came dinner. Cha Siu was good, but Choi Sum was like drowned in Oil *shudder.* And then after that came the last part of seminar Last part of seminar was ok. Pastor Daniel spoke about how Christians start to backslide......and used Peter's denial of Jesus as an example. There were 7 steps. Boy I wish I wrote those down in my notes now. Oh well, the last three were basically about denial though. The first 4 were uhh......blast my memory fails me again. Well basically some of the main things he DID tell us to do was for example instead of just doing devos, READ THE BIBLE. Devos are supposed to HELP you understand passage. It is NOT a substitute book for a Bible. That was basically it.  Now we all head downstairs and leave for home. Jason, me and my dad got a ride with Pastor Mackness since our car is in the shop right now. Well now I'm home and am probably gonna go watch SNL in a bit. G'nite.  
     

    



       
       1/30/04   3 Day weekend start! Sweet....   What a relaxing day it was. And also random. Well originally I was gonna go session today @ UCC but then decided not to because I was REALLY lazy. Well for a PD day it was well spent........bought a new PS2 Game, saw a movie, and figured out Friendster (www.friendster.com) sorta. I still don't get why the heck people don't just use MSN. It's kinda cool though I guess....But most exciting part of day today was probably the sudden change in the afternoon from breakdancing to seeing a movie. I don't regret that descision.....unless I could all of a sudden pull flares in one night which I REALLY doubt.  My day started off slow........woke up around 11ish, just because I was getting bored of sleeping for the morning. Unfortunately mom wasn't awake yet so I didn't really have a breakfast. Well....it was 11 so I guess I might as well just have lunch. Mom ordered pizza though......so in the end the pizza cancelled out the no food when I wake up. Mmmmmm.......Hawaiian pizza......so good. The other one had tomatoes *what's the point when you have tomato sauce?* so I didn't really touch it. Well after that got my daily dose of tea to wake me up and down to the comp I go to check MSN and email.  Yes I just realized something. The monitor says WOW......but my tin can speakers are yelling at me to buy new ones. They do suck a lot though. The button "3D sound" makes the speakers louder that's all. Well for 5 bucks can't complain.....actually I got them for free. My uncle bought them since my old speakers died out. Probably from when I dropped them on the UCC floor but no one knows....except the people that saw it happen.  But other than that.....I called up Jason and got Adrian to play SC. Jason then came and his friend "Sauron" came again. We played some SC, and then eventually we'd be doing that for about two hours. It was pretty fun. I pissed off Jason by basically  luring the enemy to his base. Then we lost that game. In another round which we won.....Adrian would mass lings, Jason would do most of the work, and Sauron ran to my base since he kinda got obliviated 10 minutes into the game. Well after a while I decided to find Sauron a new base. However Jason would do the same but I wouldn't know. Well in the end he ran to Jason's base......and I wasted a crapload of men for nothing. Well in the end I'd make profits back by mining from the base. So I wasn't really complaining. We then watched the replay of the game after. After that I decided that I've been sitting in front of the comp too long. So I decided to go finish some piano practice. Then I went to drum for a bit. Then it was time to go. I was already late to pick up Jason but Meh not like anyone's gonna be there earlier than us.....  Oh yeah just before the leaving for movie thing......well apparently we weren't gonna go see Last Samurai anymore *WHOO HOO MOVIE TIME COMES THROUGH AND FOILS PLAN.* Instead we were gonna go see Butterfly Effect. Meh. Beats watching a movie I've seen again. Though I did sorta wanna see Cold Mountain but Dictatorship was not the descision-making tool in this situation unfortunately or I would have won. Instead it was a Democracy. Gah foiled once again by freedom....not saying it's bad but I wish Dictatorship was there at that moment so I'd win ^_^. Ok.....we'll make it sound better. Replace Dictatorship with Communism. There happy =P? But anyways back to the going to movie thing and how I think we'd be the first ones to arrive.....  Boy was I wrong. Josh's punctuation came through again. He was there earlier than us. Called Jason on our way there on cell. I was surprised he was there. Well I went to deposit cheque in Scotiabank from Chinese New Year money, and then we went to Zellers to buy Jason's Friends Season Six. Zellers of course is a cheap store, so in the end they didn't have it. I was gonna buy Silent Hill 3 there but I thought maybe I should check out EB first. Well Jason then bought the Season 6 from HMV and then we'd go to EB...  WOW I was lucky I didn't buy Silent Hill 3 from Zellers. They sold it for 50 and I got it for 30....though it was used who cares it was in good condition.  Jason was gonna pre-order SC Ghost (I was too but forgot) but in the end we didn't because this family in front of us took friggin forever to buy ONE GAME. The kid traded in like 50 games and he still had to pay money afterwards lol. What a rip off. I think he probably lost over $100 in value in the end. Idiot. Anyways after we left EB we finally got back Silvercity....where we'd find Steph and Rebecca waiting for us in the theatre. Was gonna play DDR but not enough time....  Now we sit in the movie. There were a few movies that looked ok. Well I sorta forgot except for Dawn of the Damned.....it looked ok I guess. Thought it'd be Resident Evil 2 but nope.......cheap imitation of it. Same sorta storyline, except instead of one person fighting them all off it's a group. Wow big change. And there was another movie.......that was like You Got Served except Cuban style. I bet it'll bomb too since You Got Served only got 1.5 stars out of 5. It looked pretty stupid.....only reason why I'd even go see it is because of breakdancing....but why not go to UCC and watch people breakdance there? IT'S FREE! Hmm....there was another movie......gah forgot what it was. OH YEAH! This one movie about this cop being stalked and something about "how can you track it when it's tracking you?" Forgot what it's called though but it looks cool. Has Ashley Judd, Samuel L. Jackson, and some other person in it. Some white guy. He's famous I know but I forgot his name. Anyways now time for our Feature Presentation. Wow I should be a movie commentator.^_^.No maybe not. I'd be cut...  The movie was pretty good.....I won't ruin any of it though, so you go find out yourself. Steph was jumpy through the whole thing lol and Rebecca was hiding under her coat for a bit of it. THAT was hysterical. I was surprised to see that Ashton Kutcher can actually be serious though. It was actually a REALLY good movie. Though I was confused for some of it......in the end it all tied together. I'd actually wanna go see that movie again. Well maybe not....but I think it's a DVD buyer for sure. Try not to pirate it it's really worth seeing.  Well after the movie I played DDR with Josh at Silvercity. I've really got VERY out of shape. I can't even play heavy D2R anymore. I got a D on it *shudder* but somehow I managed a C for Hysteria. Meh. I really need a new pad......and a mod chip....and DDR Extreme.  Or if I'm rich enough I'd just buy the machine from Japan. ^_^. But I don't exactly have  10k handy so no. Anyways after playing some DDR, and watching some white kid suck at it lol I got a ride from Jason to my house.....where I'd find out I'm the only one home. Not much to do at 10pm though.  Well now I'm gonna go eat, finish some piano, then play Silent Hill 3 for a bit. Then sleep. So I'll blog more tomorrow as usual. Wonder what the seminar is gonna be like. Hope it's gonna be somewhat amusing. Heard it's in english so no need to strain to listen to Chinese. Well I'm Gone. Later.  
     

    



       
       1/29/04   WHOO! DONE EXAMS AND LONG WEEKEND!   Yes I'M FINALLY DONE! Not exactly Navy SEALS hell week just yet....but it's a high schooler's version of it. Dreaded exam week. Well today wasn't extremely exciting...... nor was it very long. I woke up late and I'll probably sleep early for once. *GASP.*  Well since my music exam wasn't until 2, I slept in till 11. Actually originally my plan was to sleep until 9 and practice but screw that I thought, which I now regret. I ate, played a wee  bit, then left.  Today was the final day of exams. For some people it was a holiday......but for me I had my dreaded music exam as mentioned before. And dreaded it was. Slaugtherhouses probably look better than the sound that was coming out of my trombone today. But I don't think I did THAT bad. Least I think I passed. Hopefully. Well after going through that, I got out of the music room and was on my way to.........  GETTING MY LCD MONITOR!!!!!^_^  YAY! I got to the place around 3, and picked it up. Boxes for these things are so small compared to CRT ones. It was like a briefcase. Well anyways yeah after that I got home.  Goodbye 7 year old radiation CRT.....Hello Flatscreen LCD. My old CRT probably emitted more radiation than the Nuke in Hiroshima. Low Radiation my ass. Well maybe for 97 it was. But anyways.......yeah I finally got LCD monitor. Really happy w/ it =P. I can actually turn my monitor brightness up and my eyes don't burn. Whoo hoo!^_^.  Actually SC wasn't bad. Played w/ Alex and Jason for a bit. Then one of Jason's old clan members came and we played a 3v4 melee game. Well it was looking good at the beginning........Until Jason fell apart. Then he ran to my base, where I held out for the both of us. His friend *Sauron- is his B.Net name* then fell apart when a fleet of BC's came and clobbered him. Then my base was the center of fighting. 3 people trying to hold out on a spit of land meant for only one person. It made HK look like a rural area. That's how crowded it was. It was a piece of land with a missle turret around every corner and other buildings to replace the ground that has no buildings. Well it was pretty funny to watch. Got REALLY crowded. But I can't really describe it in a funny way.  Anyways....see like I said I didn't do much today. Just did music exam then went out for afternoon. Then SC'd, CS'd, Drummed and stuff for a bit and that's basically it. Well I'm gone. I wanna sleep.
     

    



       
       1/28/04   ALL EXAMS DONE!......except for music playing test   After 4 grueling days of hardcore examinatiosn and studying.....I'm finally done!. No wait.......crap I still have music. Well that will kinda be a breeze. Up until now I still hate arpeggios with a passion. Scales are easy though and the songs are just a joke. But yeah my blog isn't about the future it's about well the sorta present.....well what happened today. So here's the day story...  Well though science exam was @ 12, me and Jason decided to go study at the library before the exam. So I woke up aorund 850, and we met up at Galleria around 930ish. Well the studying actually did a lot for me. Refreshed my memory a lot. Well I also bought some food from the Cafe at the library. Unfortunately they didn't accept debit uner 5 bux, so I had to buy something else. Bought Jason a orange cream soda drink which he described as "a giant Campino." I had reg. coffee and a muffin that Jason would eventually eat. Well throughout the studying we had some pretty dumb jokes, and also Jason pointed out that cirrus clouds looked like the Flying Nimbus *Maggie if you're reading this you can see that I'm not the only person that uses cartoons to remember clouds lol* from Dragon Ball Z. Yes I have weird ways of remembering things. Like the Dodge Stratus I knew was a car and its a low value car, and stratus clouds are low level clouds. Ok shut up if your laughing right now...Hmm what else happened....Oh yeah I made a dollar from throwing paper into a garbage can. Don't asks lol. Well yeah we basically did that until 11:20 when we started walking to school then.  Well after a ten minute walk...........we were at school. Talked to Ryan, Steve, Nikola, Milosz and some other people for a bit before the exam. I would eventually then go upstairs and talk to Hammond and Korpela for a bit. Then.....it was time.......for the dreaded science exam....l  DUN DUN DUN!  Actually it wasn't that hard.....pretty ez if u ask me. Weird though. I seemed to remember a lot more. I think that my prayers really did come through for me. I remembered things I didn't even look over like lab diagrams. I think God really was guiding me when I asked for guidance throughout this exam. Also dunno why but this one question about clumpy clouds cracked me up. Don't know why......just the word clumpy lol. But anyways enough with that. Now we pretend the exam is over....and I am now speeding 1:30 minutes past the beginning of this paragraph.....  Well we all left the exam.....i actually didn't use extra time for once. I met up w/ Thompson  and Jason. Well originally Hammond and Steve were w/ us too....but then they left. Well we decided to wait for Hammond actually at first cuz he WAS gonna come *which he sorta did at the end but Webstation was full and we ended up at Webstation so Hammond couldn't find us* and we saw Lindsay Murphy and Giles. Well she was looking for Finlan and supposedly he was still writing exam. Oh wait Hammond was still with us I think at this time. Well maybe not. Point is we were bashing on Finlan a lot. He got a lot of disses thrown behind his back lol. Like this one where I said he probably thought March Break was in January and Jason said let's test that theory out *pretends to call him.* And then Hammond told this one funny story about him lol. Well Hammond ended up walking Teefy to Richmond St. and then did go to Webstation..but we didn't know and Webstation was full so we ended up at Head 2 Head which I must say wasn't a bad descision. Wasn't bad at all. Reasons why I like Head 2 Head better than Webstation: they have food, better comps, and a bigger selection of games. BUT, Webstation actually LOOOKS good. Those SC posters and D2 posters are so cool. Well anyways yeah in the end Me, Thompson and Jason went to Head 2 Head and played there for a while.....  The new most awesome game in my mind: Battlefield 1942. or C&C Generals. I got addicted to BF 1942 and most of my time was spent playing that. Played Omaha like usual, then Stalingrad, and a bunchload of other stuff. Then C&C generals my comp acted up w/ graphics so I had to switch comps. Anyways Thompson had to leave a bit early cuz of hockey, while Me and Jason stayed for an extra 30 mins or so then left. I bused home while Jason walked.  Oh yeah today I really felt the crapiness of Fido phones. I was outside w/ reception and for some reason I couldn't Call ANYONE. Anyways back to the day......  Got home around 6:30.......ate.......then started practicing trombone. Oh yeah Anton and Jonny and Calfun have no life and decided to pull the Arnold Schwarzenegger thing on me. Like that thing isn't old. I was doing that in Grade 7. They really need to find something to occupy their time. They make 8 year olds look mature enough to run a company. Well anyways enough of that.......yeah I started practicing trombone and stuff.....then called Hammond to see when my exam time was. Yes I did forget what time it was at. Anyways yeah that's basically my day....not very exciting......but Head 2 Head was a lot of fun. But how much can you really describe internet Cafe's? It's pretty difficult Anyways I'm gone....gonna eat then run over trombone songs. Cya. 
     

    



       
       1/27/04   All exams gone....except science and music   I wish exam week was longer sometimes....then I could have longer break. Oh well I still have tomorrow and thursday left for exams. Well thursday kinda doesn't count because it's only a 10 minute music exam. But yeah science.....is the biggest thing im worried about right now. Weather unit never got through my head. I'm still back with Nomenclature. Lucky most of the exams on that ^_^.  Well least science doesn't start until 12. Me and Jason are planning to study at the library tomorrow morning. Today was pretty fun though....though I had an english exam but that would be forgotten within minutes after I was done.....  I woke up at 7am this morning. Woke up early on purpose in case the "snowstorm" from last night left any work for me. Apparently there was no storm. Just a few droplets of freezing rain. Well I didn't shovel in the morning.....and instead ate and just bolted out the door for school.  I would arrive at school pretty early....8 o clock. I woulda thought it'd take at least 40 mins today since last nite was supposed to be chaotic w/ freezing rain and 15 cm of snow...which by the way never happened.  But yeah I got to school at 8, chatted with some people for a bit *until 8:30* and then went to room 136 to write my exam.  WOW what a joke. Though I think I didn't do good on it I really don't care. The thing was out of 20. What kinda exam is this? our English test was longer about Animal Farm. Well, since I an hour and a half to write this exam..........and being used to theory exams I took the full time plus extra time..........I finished just at the very last minute like usual. Me, Sarah Pearlmutter, and Mike McQueen were the last people I think. Well when I got out finally after wasting the extra time and reg. time, I was about to call Jason........before I realized he was only 6 feet away from me. Wow......I'm very intelligent. You can see why it takes me almost 2 hours to write a exam out of 20. So yeah I saw John Thompson too, and we went out for lunch.....Burger King. WHOO! It was only 1030 so I got a breakfast. BK breakfasts kill McD's I think. Well Thompson and Jason got whopper n a coke..........eeew...............and I sat there w/ my double double coffee and croissanwich....oh yeah and a few hashbrowns.  Afterwards........I WAS gonna go study.....but Jason and John HAD to go to webstation after a 20 minute talk about SC. Got us into gaming mood. Well just our luck. Today was toonie tuesday.....and January was free membership month. So now me, Thompson, and Jason all have memberships at Webstation. Shweet. Though I didn't have $$$, Jason covered for me....actually he covered for all of us lol. Well we originally payed for an hour, but would be extended when two of their comps froze with BF 1942. Both of them were mine. Jason and Thompson were happily playing BF while I was sitting there......on msn. Whoo. Well originally we did start w/ SC but then we all decided why pay to play SC? So we ended up getting an extra 30 mins for inconvenience, which would drag into 45 mins......and we would be gaming for almost 2 hours. Thompson would eventually join me in a game of Call of Duty....which I have to say blows ass compared to BF.......can't believe Hermann likes it. Lol it was funny watching Jason's style of play compared to Thompson. Jason's a very detailed and serious person.....so he kinda sniped and actually took cover n stuff. Thompson the Quake Freak just ran around on the beachhead *Normandy level* and shot up everyone with PanzerShrecks and machine guns and grenades. Lol funny as hell to watch. Well after about an hour Thompson left cuz he had a music exam........I would then take over his comp and start to play BF w/ Jason. So much fun. Paul and Adrian are right when they say it's a fun game. I was addicted to it in seconds. Though I didn't have good aim......that's not an issue. I learned from Call of Duty that a submachine gun is your best friend at all times. While I was fighting on the ground.....Jason was desperately trying to fly a plane with a keyboard. He crashed 5 times and Paul nor Adrian ever told me how to fly a plane lol. I'm definitely getting BF1942 if I get a new comp.  Well after they kicked us outta webstation......we finally decided to go to the library to study. Jason couldn't study at all. I got some stuff back into my head. I pretty much know all chemistry now. Lol Jason was complaining we had been there for such a long time.....before I told him we had only been there for only 30 minutes. Lol. but it did seem like an hour though. Well since both of us had cells.....we were so bored we WERE gonna do this REALLY stupid idea I came up with......surprising no it came from me. Well I would call Gavin, and he would call Josh, and then we'd put the phones up together and make it sound like Josh and Gavin called each other. WE WERE REALLY BORED. Well Jason would end up leaving around 2ish and I would leave around 2:30. I studied a bit more and then renewed my book. Then I rushed to the bus stop.  Perfect timing. I just got on the bus. Whoo. Looked at my cell phone that uncle gave me to waste time on.......apparently it can save calls. Jason called once.....well then twice. Meh. Called him back......talked for a bit..then walked home. I then called Patrick to see if he wanted to play NFL street. He came over for about 3 hours. We got a lot further into the game. AFter he left.....I beat the first ladder. Then I started to study. Not much happened.  After I ate dinner.........dad came home. Apparently the aftermath of the "snowstorm" began to show. The car couldn't make it up the driveway. So out came the snowblower. First time I've used it for more than 5 minutes. It's actually pretty useful.....but loud. Well dad went to do grandma's house, while I sat on our driveway clearing the ice off. You can actually see the black driveway. The glory of seeing total black driveway.  Now I'm gonna sleep.....tomorrow I have to study at 9 @ library. Cya. And of course do my science exam.
     

    



       
       1/26/04   A Day of relaxing....aaahhhh   Whew.....kinda surprising. Only a matter of 2 days before I have to sit in a room for my science exam. Wow. Tomorrow....english exam but I'm not worried. it's english. But yeah today was spent as relaxing and just doing w/e I want. So yeah today I don't have much to write about. I feel like Strong Bad when he let The Cheat write his email that one time...  Well I woke up around 11 today.........wow........on a monday. Feels so good. Heehee no school. Feel sorry for Patrick. He had to write math exam today hahahahahahaha. Stupid 9er. Well anyways I called him up around 12 and basically from 12-3:30 we played NFL street. We got REALLY far. It was really fun too. We got further in 10 minutes today than we would have in 3 hours yesterday. We actually have a decent team too. I think I might buy this game. It's REALLY addictive. And it'll be my first sports game. Hmm....yeah not much else to say......  Daves family came......not dave or tommy but their family. They ate dinner here and stuff then left. I just practiced music and then studied. That's basically it.  See my day was pretty boring and relaxing today. Fit in SC, PS2 and studying. If only tomorrow were like this also...but NOOOO stupid english exam. Lates. 
     

    



       
       1/25/04   First Pastoral Ordination Attended in Life...put me into some new thoughts in life   Hmm.......today really was a pretty important day. I mean, though I've never known what a pastoral ordination was....when I attended it today....it really was something special. And it's kinda funny. A few questions ringing in my head earlier today....which I'll list now were answered:  -How come it seems sometimes LCAC never grows? -Is there such thing as an "unblessed" church? -Do we go to church to admire the building or admire God?  Well.....while I was on the 2 hour long car ride to Toronto and Back from attending David and Tommy's Dad's Pastoral Ordination......I would think a lot....I mean I didn't really have anyone to talk to....I was the only person around my age in the car. It was pretty boring. Originally Wendy was supposed to come too but our car ran outta space. And it was crammed. Though I ahve a minivan now it still isn't comfy having 7 people in it. But yeah before I sidetrack to the end of my day let's cover the first part of the day.....  I woke up around 8ish today.....and forced myself outta bed around 8:10. Then I would do morning routine and be met with a breakfast of leftover roast beef from yesterday. it was a 24 pound loaf so Paul's and Pat's family didn't really finish the whole thing. We put a few in a box to give to Wendy....but yeah anyways I had some for breakfast. Mom couldn't figure out that my food was still cold so i wasted 10 minutes just trying to microwave it. So yeah I would be late going to Jason's house to pick him up....which by the way I called him in the morning but no one answered. Smart kid. He put it on siilent. And I mean he's actually smart. I was just doing it to piss him off. Didn't work =P. Well yeah we ended up leaving around 8:40ish and picked up Jason around 9:05. We thought we'd be late but we managed. Whew.  English service was pretty interesting. Pastor Mackness was speaking of the fact that we should honour missionaries. It was a pretty meaningful sermon. I read scripture for it. But yeah it was really speaking about how missionaries do so much in this world......and how much courage they really have. I mean sacrificing your life for your religion is pretty deep. Missionaries can be very devoted. However....if you are being a missionary at your will chances are you won't do much good. That was one thing that Pastor really outlined. You can be a good missionary at God's Will or you may be an ineffective one if you are doing it at your will. Scripture was Phillipians 2 19-30 by the way. But he related much of this to Apostle Paul, as he was one of the most talked about missionaries in the new testament. Mike, Dan, and Carmen didn't attend this service though. I wish they did. This service I felt really relates a lot.....especially to everyday Christians. I mean everyday you'll probably not think about "I wonder how those missionaries posted in our prayer requests in our bulletins our doing?" But after this sermon.......I do wonder more about how God's Word is being spread as I'm typing right now......  After service we went downstairs like usual.....talked for a bit.....had some food and then time for Sunday School. Though I wasn't there last Sunday Carmen did recap me on a few things. Basically she said that last week's lesson was about Job's questioning of why he was being "punished" so badly and blamed some things on God. In today's lesson......part II of wrapping up the book of Job *Part III is next week* we talked about how God finally spoke out to him.....and asked Job why he was blaming God for everything. Eventually Job would finally realize what he has done and repents his sin, and realizes that what he was doing was wrong.  This somehow led into a small debate between all of us about if sin was prioritized......if one sin you commit is worse than the other. Josh said no and that a sin is a sin. However, throughout the Bible Gavin and I stated that it always emphasizes loving God and how He is the only God. Gavin would then later on back this up by saying also that if you follow the first two commandments of loving God and loving thy Neighbours....really the other ones would just follow. If you loved someone you wouldn't lie, steal, or kill them. If you didn't love God, you wouldn't go to church, keep the Sabbath holy, or have him being the only God. So really I think what Gavin said makes a lot of sense......and I'm behind him on this one 100%. Steph seemed pretty tired....napping on Jason's fleece...and Calvin was playing with his usual candy wrapper. Wish that we could all one day pay attention for once. I mean a fraction of the class paying attention just isn't that great. I sometimes think that maybe if we all actually participated in class......class would actually be amusing....dunno if the others have thought of this theory yet.  Well afterwards...we ended w/ a closing prayer...and then we just chatted around for a bit. Dunno what the others were doing but I had to go change into my suit for Toronto. Well......the suit was nice....haven't worn it in a while.....and then after I got everything on.......I realized something. Mom forgot dress shoes. So there I was....sitting there trying to think of a way to compensate.......as at that moment I was in a full dress suit and then........old worn out Iverson Questions. Whoo. This really didn't work. Apparently it's the new style in HK.....which sounds REALLY retarted. I'd never wear something like this......though apparently all the "superstars" are wearing this style. No wonder why they aren't famous in North America. Who the heck would wear a Armani suit with Nike walking shoes? So yeah after I figured out this wouldn't work and this would "clash" in quotes from Wendy a while back....I switched back to Golf shirt and Jeans. We finally got on the road after Chinese service was over.....  Well......I can't really say what happened on the road as I slept for most of it. Well on the way to Toronto I was thinking about how our church could change....and this was where I was thinking about suggesting a relocation of  the church. But then I thought this is kind of like saying my church is a place to look at.....not to worship. But then again a nice environment to worship in does affect people. See this is how I fell asleep......brain overdrive....I would slowly fall sleep.......  Well I was awakened by a sudden stop at a service center. I was surprised Dad actually stopped at one. We usually go one way but mom and Kai Mah wanted to eat inside. So we ended up sitting there for an hour....I had four cheeseburgers which "astounded" the other people. Oh yeah and a cup of coffee. I was REALLY bored. I would then ask why would we end up sitting here and eat when we coulda had Dim Sum in Toronto. *Ugh.* Well after FINALLY finishing our food *mom still didn't finish her burger* we finally got back on the road. Oh yeah I started to practice clutching with a Dasani waterbottle in a cup holder. I was TERRIBLY bored.  Well after another 45 minutes we arrived at NCAC. The service was just about to start. Perfect timing. I found Dave and Tommy sitting at the front so I sat with them. It was a pretty cool service actually. We had the area superintendent Doug Wiebe speaking. He spoke REALLY fluent Chinese. I was surprised. It was funny listening to him speak cantonese though. He had good mandarin though. He sounds better than Anton or Jonny though =P. Well it was now that my questions were answered. I was surprised that my questions were answered today. I was complaining yesterday about going to Toronto for only an hour. But I think it was worth it now. To conclude my answers to my questions *in order:*  -A church takes a LOT of time to grow, and I should be patient -There is no such thing as an unblessed church (a church is a church...it is still a House of God) -We SHOULD go to church to worship God, but with human NATURE we sometimes stray away and start to think of how a building looks instead of WORSHIPPING God.  I really was surprised that I had these questions answered. It's as though God had set the whole thing up. Interesting. Predestination? Maybe. I have very complicated thoughts on this whole thing and it would take a whole day of Blogging probably to lay it alll out into text. But yeah I really think that God was listening to me very attentively, and it also showed me that God never ever doesn't listen to you. He's always there. Whether you have a question or not, a rough day or smooth, He's there. Well better summarize this quick. I still did pay attention to the sermon though remarkably even when I was relating this stuff together. Pastor Wiebe was also talking about servants of God....and how a Pastor isn't really exactly a "leader" of the church but more of a "guide." Shepherd. He used the analogy of a Shepherd. Pretty funny. He related how sometimes a member of the church may sometimes cause some hardships with the pastor. This was the sheep "biting" the Shepherd. Lol I was pretty surprised that he came up with this. But yeah ater Benediection for service we ordinated the now Pastor Yu then had a prayer for the now official Pastor Yu. Then pictures. They had the London family and Friends as one group out of the many. I really started feeling how special this day was when I heard that friends from HK came. So I guess a 2 hr. drive was worth it. Especially for an occasion like this.  Well the car ride home was pretty boring. Slept.....practiced manual shifting again w/ a waterbottle *I was TERRIBLY bored* and then we went home. That was basically it. Played SC, then started imaging. I may not be good w/ HTML.....but I can sure as hell image better than Josh at the moment. Jason? I don't know. His banner kills mine. He likes using pictures though. I like starting from scratch and making my own creations. But I like his style too though. Well anyways gettin late. Really I started blogging at 1:30 am I just changed the time so it'll say that I blogged this for the 25th and not 26th. Well I'm off to sleep now.  G'nite.
     

    



       
       1/24/04   Long Day....Tired   Ok, today I'm really tired so time to summarize again.....  -Woke up -Did daily wake-up routine -went to eat lunch w/ wendy's family at Dragon court -came home -went to rogers w/ pat to rent stuff -came back and found out paul and family had arrived -ate dinner -played ps2 n stuff -Sleep time.  Bye.
     

    



       
       1/23/04   History Exam...done. One down...only 2.5 exams left   After a grueling 5 months of school....came exams. History actually wasn't that bad though. NFL street and studying actually paid off at Jason's. I knew most of the stuff on the exam. It wasn't too bad.  Today was somewhat amusing........some parts of it anyways....I think that without studying....or Prayer to God....I think I woulda bombed. Well here's the rest of my day somewhat summarized....  Since Exam started at 830, I woke up around 7:40. Quickly ate some Eggs and Rice then darted out the door. Looked over notes one more time in the car listening to old skool music. Jocelyn Enriquez, Trinear and Friends......all old skool lol. And of course 1991 original Loft. "Hold On" *Not TNT mix Tommy original* is so good. Well I got to school around 8:15....saw MopHead (John Thompson) apparently he's writing his exam two rooms down from me. Wow wasn't that an exciting turn from my typing=P. Exam started at 8:30....and now I am writing....  So easy. Joke course. I guess the world war II and world war I obsessions that me pat paul and colin had from back in grade 7 and 8 really paid off. I remember things that I don't want to remember even. Like honestly who cares what guns were on a British Battleship? Oh well but yeah I took all the time to write the exam.........and would leave the room at 1:10 or so (we got 15 min extension). I think I did relatively good. Hopefully at least. Think I prayed at least 3 times throughout the exam lol. Well now that I'm done.....I went to the bus stop...and bused home.  Now that I am at home.......wow how boring a Friday is. I played NSFU for a bit.......unlocked S2000, got some new parts......and my car is faster now. Then I called up Age, Thompson, Josh, Jason, and Adrian for SC. Eventually none of us would play and I went to UCC since I thought Stefan and them would be there sessioning. I left around 1 and took the bus down to the UCC.....  Ugh I was wrong. NO ONE was there. SO I ended up working out for a bit.....not a great idea considering I would go back to breakdance at 5. Ugh. My arms are beat now. Can't even feel triceps. But then after realizing they wouldn't come around this time in the afternoon.....I bused back home.....  Now it's around 3pm or so. Played some NFSU, then got a game of SC going w/ Age, Jason, Josh and Myself of course. It was a chaotic game. We didn't know what we were doing and we were kinda screwed over. Age got killed 15 miutes into the game and Jason would end up limping his lone Engineer bay to Josh's. I was relatively safe with a Fort Knox going and Josh had his usual lurker D going. We both kinda got screwed over when they brought in the carriers.  Oh yeah during the game I got a phone call from Mike......They were at the UCC. Great. Right when I leave they arrive. I would later find out that when I got  there Stefan just let. Great timing by all today. Well eventually I would then get a drive down there.....and Igor, Mike, Dan, Jonny, and Anton were there. Well supposedly more people were there but I didn't see em. Well I would but not at the moment. Anton got Adidas Superstars. Geez seems like everyone has them now. And the thing is he still doesn't break. His original excuse was he didn't have the shoes to break *though he has K-Swiss* and lugz at one point. Now he has no excuse and he still doesn't break. Retard. Well yeah now to rant on about the session...  SESSION SUCKED....well for me anyways. Actually it wasn't  too bad.....but just the fact I worked out before I went breaking screwed me over completely. Steve was right when he said don't work out before session. Well eventually my strength would come back. I went from 2 hops for crickets to 10+. Though my hops r kinda loud cuz I made them smaller......I made a lot. Ugh now I have to quiet down my hopping. I got around 6 rounds of turtle...........Oh yeah and my Pikes are getting better. If I could post a pic up I would. Actually I can but I'm too lazy. If you wanna see it look at my display pic....when I get the pic up. Umm session by the end wasn't too bad. Eventually Brescia, Jeff, and some other people would come too. They were going out to somewhere to eat......Mike n Dan were gonna go but they didn't. Well I'd be there till 7:30....Stefan and Sergei and Mike and Evan came around 7ish or so........yeah that's where I found out Stefan came earlier just before I came. He pulled a nice Turtle Windmill combo. Really smooth. And like usual the other 3 did lots of fancy stuff. I had to go though @ 7:30....chinese new year dinner.  Well now I'm at the dinner. It was just my family. We ate....then talked......and now I'm blogging. Still gotta do piano which i'm going to do now. Cya.    
     

    



       
       1/22/04   GOUNG HEI FAT CHOI TO ALL......and I got a history exam   Wow.....time really flies. I can still rememer the first day back from summer holidays when I first walked into history class and thought.....wow this is gonna be one slow year. Turns out I'm wrong. Now it's already January 22nd......2004. Chinese New Year was today....that's what the greeting was for in my subtitle. But this year I hope will be a prosperous year. So far I've been having a good year academically. Trying to stay above the 80 mark. So far its paying off. Today I found out I ended with a 92% on my careers project....my mark is gonna be at least a 82. Usually my mark estimates are decent. So the action packed exam week is starting tomorrow. Whoo hoo. First up to the plate.....History. Dreaded history. Though it's my highest mark...I hate exams. I really think I won't do that amazing on it. I forgot lots of the crap we've learned. But that's ok.......with the mark I have in history....i'm unstoppable....sorta. Today was pretty exciting though in ways....tried new ps2 game, got good final project mark in careers, and surfed the net in programming. And of course went to Jason's house to study history w/ Hammond and him.....Here's the detailed summary....you have to scroll down a bit......  Once again.......RELUCTANT TO LEAVE BED! UGH especially with my sleeping times.... tonight I really gotta sleep early for exam tomorrow. Well I woke up around 730....trudged downstairs to see a bowl of oatmeal staring at my bloodshot eyed face......well ate it......then quickly washed my hair to get bedhead out....changed.....grabbed school crap *and Jason's controller and NFSU for his house after school* and bolted out the door.  Weird.....today Patrick's mom and dad drove us to school. I guess his mom was going somewhere. Looked like skiing. But yeah traffic was horrible today. Oxford was gridlocked from Talbot intersection all the way to wonderland intersection. Well eventually we would make it out and I barely made it into class on time. But yes I made it. Wow so exciting there.......the action of running up 3 flights of stairs to history...I should have a theme song and a stunt double for this sort of action...  History we basically just did review.....I feel a lot more relaxed now about tomorrow's exam. Not as tensed up as before. Also I don't have to worry because we got updated marks again. My mark is still above 90 so I don't really care. Weird though today. People sitting in front of me were trying to name all 50 states in USA. I was thinking how boring history could get....I mean naming 50 states? Isn't that worse? I tried to name a few in my head.....got to like 45. Well yeah announcements came on and off to careers....  WHOO! Careers we finally finished movie "Finding Forrester." It was actually a really good movie. Very meaningful. And I think that my prayer requests and prayers really did pay off.....92% on my careers project. This is a big jump from 72% mark in November. I'm happy w/ my mark. Me and Hammond ended up studying for chem exam next wednesday. Then Hammond started to threaten me with a blue Sharpie. Whoot i got hit. Now lunchtime.....  Ended up going to McD's w/ Thompson and the others. Apparently Nathan heard about the pushing into snowbanks from the other day.....Mike got a bite back in the ass from when he pushed Thompson yesterday...Thompson rocked him today lol. Then at McD's we started throwing our cheeseburger wrappers *we had A LOT of cheeseburgers* and then we almost got kicked out.....stupid customer satisfaction. Then Thompson made a bet w/ me and nate that he could hit Maisie sitting at the other table. Damn. It grazed her lol NOT HIT but grazed. So therefore we don't owe him anything =P. So yeah after that little wrapper war we started walking back to school......with attempts to snowbank nate. Never worked. He almost got me and Thompson simultaneously. That was pathetic. But yeah we chased him back to school with crap attempts.....and now to math class.....  Math class we didn't do much.....got some h/w and did it.....Thompson was getting hell though. Jessica was drawing on the back of his neck and i got his face w/ a whiteboard eraser. He turned into Justin Rhoden for a sec....you know an Oreo. Well eventually he'd go clean it off, and he'd get me back by hitting chalk brushes in front of me. Bastard. Not much else happened. Thompson tried on glasses.....lol he frickin hilarious. Forgot who I said he looks like but he looked REALLY funny. Anyways after the math......hmm.....oh yeah now programming class....zzZZzzzZzZZzz.....  Programming like usual was w/ Hyperstudio. But since I was done.....I surfed the net for a while. Looked at some blog sites, NHL stats, and of course my fantasy teams that I made. I'm still in 6th place. Stupid Thompson's London Chinese. Ugh. Oh yeah we also got our tests back today finally. Got 73% on one and 80% on the other. Not bad considering half the class failed both. Turing was somewhat challenging but I'm happy that we learned it. Now at least I know the basics of programming. Sorta. Hmm........not much else happened......Day 1's are so boring. I just noticed that. Though I like the subjects better it's actually REALLY boring. Well who cares enough of that time to go to Jason's.....   Well I met Jason at his locker, then we went to mine....got my stuff....then left. I remember Hammond wanted to come study too but Jason apparently wants to get home ASAP. Well eventually Hammond caught up to us and greeted me with a friendly push into the snowbank. Ugh. That's 1.5 today. I ALMOST got pushed in at lunch but instead of falling in i somehow managed to land in the knee high snow on my feet and ran back out of the snowbank. DAMN WAS IT COLD! We eventually made it to Jason's, with my complaining of how a car seems faster. Obviously. But Jason's house is actually pretty far from Central. We got to his house probably around 3:15 and were met by a box of donuts and well......burned Leen Goe. Apparently Jason's dad can make it *he's a chef too* but his mom isn't that great at it.....it looked like "Crap with Caramel sauce" quoted from Hammond. Well we started off the study session with a game of NFSU, then some NFL street.....but I didn't really play and started studying. Jason was still playing NFL Street when me and Hammond did some studying....then some chatting....eventually Jason would join for  bout 20 minutes.....then started playing again. Hammond left around 5ish and I started to do more intense studying. I actually got some stuff done. Oh yeah Jason's mom gave me and Hammond Lai See. Jason's familiy is actually very generous. I was surprised I got one. I would then give one to Jason too....well my mom would.  But that would be later. Jason would then put on Rush Hour 2 to watch while I studied also.....while he kept working on NFL street.... I would go on his comp for a bit.....then back to studying. Eventually I woulda stueid straight from 5:30-630ish. Then I thought might as well try NFL street though it looked stupid. WOW IS IT FUN! Though it makes no sense compared to real football it's just funny how me and Jason played. I didn't really know how to play so I was horrible @ D but I was decent on offense. Made a few completions and lots of run plays. Lol Jason's not the most amazing QB but the stuff he did was pretty funny. 30 yard dropbacks, 50 yard passes, running when he figured out I can't run routes that well in a football game. Yeah it was pretty funny some of the stuff that happened. I might buy the game. Actually.......naw. Rather buy Silent HIill 3, or Grand Turismo 4 when it comes out. But yeah Jason's house actually is pretty cool place. He has food.  Also it was nice to see that he has his Bible by his bed. I'm assuming he reads it. He was pretty enthusiastic about it when he first got it. Pretty nice Bible though. And it seems to have benefited. He has grown spiritually faster than Dan or Mike. Dunno if it's maturity level or the fact a Bible helps this much....but it's nice to see how fast he's started his walk of faith. It's cool though. And he's taken in this stuff pretty nicely. I mean no offense to Gavin but when he first came to church he REALLY despised it it seemed like. But of course after 5 years he seems to be enjoying the environment. I still think we need a bigger church...and a new building. But that will come in time.....  Well by now after playing a few  round of NFL street my mom came.....so packed up my stuff and went home. Exhausted now......cramming for history tomorrow....and of course practicing music. I really wanna do good in music. Well anyways it's around 1130 now.......and I'm still studying. One big prayer tonight.....God's guidance with my exams....and of course the others. Wonder how they are taking exam week in. Carmen seems to always be stressed out with like daily homework. Josh usually is pretty serious w/ work. Dunno bout Steph or Gavin. Calvin I guess he's pretty relaxed bout this.....like everything else. I'm pretty laid back about exams. Just science I'm worried about. History I'm not worried......just kinda scared I'll just blank out in exam tomorrow. But then again I normally anticipate exams and big tests waay too much than it actually is. I mean math midterms studying for three hours? I think I went overkill. But it paid off. 86%. So I guess though I sacrificed piano.......i did good in school. Well I'm gonna go study a bit more....then get a good night's rest before my horrid exam tomorrow.  To end this entry....Have a few things to say  Sun Leen Fai Lok (Happy New Year) Hok Yeep Juun Bo (Hope your learning is ongoing in new year) Goung Hei Fat Choi (basically means may good fortunes bestow on you in new year)  and of course.....  SUN TAI GEEN HONG (be in good health)  I think that one's important because to me it's telling you......hopefully you stay healthy enough to make next new years =P. Well I'm out. Good luck to everyone on exams. Later.
     

    



       
       1/21/04   Multitasking....exams inch closer and closer   As I'm speaking.....er writing right now, I am also listening to music, studying, and on msn. Wow multitasking......what would I ever do without it? Uhh...single-tasking?  Well life's been average like usual, nothing much happened....I mean it's London. No murders, suicides, but there was a sewer gas explosion in downtown a few days back. There's still maintenance on that accident. Lol sewage gas exploding who woulda thought. Blogging has been kinda slow I realize lately.....not as much effort as before....so tonight I'll try to make this one another average Joe blog....  It was band today....."woot." Not. Like usual I woke up at 6, did usual morning routine....and jumped out the door around 6:45 or so. I got there think 5 minutes late. Not like Mr. Clark cares....but he does get pissed off when people don't go to band. We sounded ok I guess........one song sounded like crap.....but the Fugue sounded good. Oh yeah Zavitz got his red Adidas track suit. Makes my black one look kinda degraded. Argh Now I want a red one.....or a green one. Wait...green? Weird. I wanted a red one....but I'm not just about to bite someone else's style. Black track suit for me. I'll get a blue one eventually. Hmm.....not much else happened....oh yeah Meaghan stuck to her Wednesday Track Suit thing....she seems to always wear it on a Wednesday like she said lol. Well now I'm off to rant about music class.....  Well at first we sounded good......but then we started playing scales. We sounded like....*shudder.* It was the worst....and I think he was bulding up momentum to his PMS state.....because after we started playing another song.....and Connor and Arjun entered at the wrong bar......he was like PMSing. "Releasing his Tiger" according to Mr. McCumber. Wth? I just call it PMS. Music class was pretty funny though. Thompson was dressed as a "wanksta" with a tambourine around his head. Watch out reppin' the T-Crew. And Justin Deyell desperately tried to get his civics commercial together......Lol that was just terrible. Then after the PMSed Mr. McCumber, crap commercial, and crap playing.... came announcements and off to second period.  Now science was boring like usual......did lots of notes.......Well keep scrolling down to the next part nothing to write about here....  Now we are into lunch. It was Ally's B-day *Happy B-day Ally!* and so we went to Jasper's Cafe....  SO DAMN EXPENSIVE! But meh......nice place though.....and it's worth it....sorta. The poutine had actual gravy and not that XOXO crap from A&P, and it wasn't bad. Chris left a bit early for some reason......and the rest of us ate for a while. Mike got the sweetest meal....swiss mushroom melt burger w/ fries and tropicana jiuce.........all for 7 bux. Not bad considering the quality....beats Williams. And a lot of people came today. Pokan, Hermann, Eddie, Steve, Mike, Ally and her posse of people, Jessie, Wilson, Brescia, And I think the girl's name is Suzie (spelling?). And now we are all heading back to school. I'll consider going to Jasper's again. Not bad of a place....and it's more luxurious than William's I think.  Now off to bio. we did work. Lab, worksheet, lots of crap. Once again I zoned out at the wrong time and misheard the instructions.....causing Ms. Wiener to once again poke fun at my zoning out at the wrong time. Well in the end Robert told me what was going on but I am so out of it in Bio.......sleep time I think. Well we didn't really do much else......yeah even if we did it's not important. Off to English.  English was amusing. We had to temporarily be evicted from our usual room due to re-painting, so we just read this class and listened to Mrs. Gayed read for almost 40 minutes. Then we had to answer a few questions out loud....then PICTIONARY! Total Chaos lol. with lots of yelling of random movies......and of course random body parts too from people like Kurtis. We have very artistic people in our class...for forrest gump some person drew two legs with holes....and someone yelled FORREST GUMP. I'm surprised lol. well now the bell's rang by now....talked to some people......set tomorrow for studying @ Jason's house.....and while I'm at it play NFL street....wanna see what the game's like.  I actually talked for a while, then I ended up running out the door when I was stopped by Steph Bourdage. It's been like the 10th time she told me to write about her in my blog. Someone is just a bit greedy about fame. I mean first of all it's a blog I'm writing in. I only get like 20 views a day....maybe 30.....honestly I doubt some person will read this and go OMG STEPH!?!!!??!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!? Then again sewer gas exploded under Galleria so who knows....=P. I then met up with Steve and Eddie and walked to my stop. Talked to them for a bit. Found out Eddie used to run....a lot. But now they had to go another way....sooo.... Well now I rush to my bustop...  DAMNIT! Forgot King street's blocked off....so I had to run down dundas trying to keep up with the 9A....when then all of a sudden the Dundas shows up. I KNOW! I'll take the Dundas....then transfer at next stop.......how smart of me ^_^....and it worked lol. Some other kid *Rui-Ming by name I think * was surprised how fast I got to that stop. He ran his ass off while I sat.....literally. Heehee......slacking off to its maximum. Well I walked home after I got off bus....and then sat on MSN for a bit, ate a lot. Oh yeah sent Thompson "Quake in Real Life." He seems hysterical about it....there hasn't been one person that hasn't laughed at that video....then my mom FINALLY took me to go look at a new monitor.....  Car ride was pretty amusing. Lots of snow......I slept. Mom woke me up when we arrived....for some reason she parked near the end of the lot when there was a space right beside the store....sorta. Well didn't matter for me.....I kinda got used to the cold from walking home from bus stop. Well I ended up putting down an order for a Samsung 17"LCD....model's like 170 or something like that. YES ONLY A WEEK OF WAITING! Can't wait. My monitor right now....7 years old....and probably produces more radiation than a Nuclear Power Plant. So now all i have to do is withstand this monitor for another week and WHOO! NO MORE RADIATION! well some but not as much. Now I go to Dragon Court to pick up dinner. And off to home....  Got home.....played some NFSU......sat around.......did some stuff......then  dad came home. I had to shovel the driveway.......AGAIn. And then off to theory.  Theory was usual.........didn't do much but I should catch up soon. Everyone was dead tired.  And back here now..........on the comp.....studying...........looking around.......gonna eat soon......gonna practice Trombone soon......MSNing.......LIstening to music. Gotta still do Devos too. Wow I'm really stressed out right now. I just hope  that HYPE prayers list got through to everyone too. Seems as though sometimes it doesn't work with some emails. Well I'm gonna go finish up work then do Devos then sleep. Cya people later.
     

    



       
       1/20/04   TRIUMPH IN MATH CLASS! Oh yeah and uhh....more snow.   WHOO HOO! After much studying and hard work........IT'S PAID OFF! 86% on my math midterms! SHWEET! This will take me outta the 70's. Well at first I thought all that work for nothing because I didn't answer 3 questions.......but thanks to good old multi choice......I have suceeded! Today's day actually wasn't bad... not much work. Got my careers presentation over with...and yeah that's basically it.  Well today Patrick was sick.....so instead of getting a lift from him my mom had to drive me to school today. Was about 5 minutes late since I was notified around 7:40 or so.......but that's ok it's only history. I wasn't the only one late. More people came afterwards. Well we copied down exam outline. Ms. Manson was yelling like usual about our loudness. Well "yelling." She couldn't yell if her life depended on it. And we got some review Q's to help us. Then came announcements and off to careers...........  Careers......I finally presented. I think it went well. In the end I ranted a bit about why I sorta changed my mind on job career path from CGA to something different......but now that I'm doing good in gr. 10 math......tides have turned. And then we went to a winter sports team assembly. Guys Bball, Girls V-Ball, and hockey of course. Then there was curling. Lol. And we honoured the junior boys volleyball team who won WOSAA, and X- Country and Girls senior bball team....who all won something. Then Ms. Young-Kipp was ranting about how we really need a gym floor. I agree. I hate tiling. Sucks. And then lunch.......  Mmmm......BK......like usual.  Now time for math. This is where I found out I got a good mark on midterms. Mike did too. Half our class failed. Whoo hoo. I forgot what the hell I did in that class. Oh yeah we had to write "goals." Mr. G. gave me half a sheet of paper by accident instead of the whole thing....so I had to glue together the two he gave me. 90 degree angle writing. skillz...........  Now time for programming.....uhh........no action......no circle strafing from Icy beating Pokan. Nothing. Just pure boredom  Now to summarize the time from 3-10........  Came home, ate lots of food, SC, drummed, showered, ate more, did h/w,, played trombone,  played NFSU, watched TV, ate,played piano, blogged, fixed blog site, read stuff, twidled thumbs, looked around, drank milk, stared at comp screen and typed on MSN, yawned, and now I'm gonna sleep. Cya.
     

    



       
       1/19/04   Fending off powder snow is easy....until his ally packing snow came...ugh   Nature can usually be your friend. You know, with the water, and sun, and grass and stuff. But when it comes to winter......it can be your worst enemy. It's like one of those female spiders that backstabs her mate by eating him after mating. Geez is Mother Nature much like the same right now I feel. Right now I'm kinda half dead.....shoveling the powder snow was a breeze.....but when it came to shoveling the crap at the end of the driveway that Merry Old City of London happily shoveled on......wow was it a workout. As I'm typing.....the stupid 4 feet squared of snow on the front of my driveway is still waiting there. Stupid Snow. Thinks it can make it's presence on my driveway like that. Grrr.....I'd blow it up if i had dynamite. Well now I'll leave this blog on, go have some dinner.....then shovel the damn driveway again.....  Well, now after a victory over the ruthless packing snow......and a cold dinner since I had to reshovel......I am now sitting on my comp typing up blog and practicing my trombone. For a Monday, this one's been somewhat mellowed out. Since I had no homework on Sunday I have some tonight........some Bio and Math. It was good to have it so relaxing......Exam Prep week is gonna be pretty crowded and jammed up for me. Lots of studying. Wanna keep my History mark and Science mark up in the 80's. English I don't know what I have and Music I don't have to worry about. Well anyways summary of my day as usual....not much else to talk about for my after school life.....with almost everyone bogged in h/w....  Woke up......went to school around 7:50......that is basically my morning. Ate also of course and usual hygiene stuff....  Music we had a theory exam......seriously I still don't know what the hell the pattern method is good for.....why don't they just teach key signature.....stupid retards. Well the test was a joke. Finished it in the 1st ten minutes.......and for some reason Mr. McCumber seems to think quarter notes and eighth notes are threatening during rythmic dictation. Wow. I really think my music class is getting more and more pathetic.  Science we started review. I really need this for exam. Some of the stuff I'm not that familiar with like I kinda forgot how to do ionic bonding. But im refreshed now. No singing today. Hmm......science was never too amusing. Bleh.  At the moment I can't really think that well because I'm kinda half tired.....but anyways. Today I stayed in school at lunch......played some basketball. My shot is like usual.......crappy. It's getting better I guess, but I think I should start playing more at lunch again.....besides its kinda cold going outside everyday for lunch. So I played some ball......then went to Bio when the bell rang....  Bio had some laughs. Like usual I was loud.....and asked some ritorical questions but that's ok......Bio always has something new to learn. We watched a very stupid video. Took notes........science courses are always so boring. OH YEAH I REMEMBER NOW! We did this one activity that totally bombed. We were supposed to let our arms dangle at our sides....then after a while blood was supposed to build up, causing the vein to show up so you can see it through ur skin. You then put pressure on it.....and it was supposed to do something that no one in the class could do except Ms. Wiener. Rachel Brown then made a remark that we all don't have veins......or that Ms. Wiener was old. Ms. Wiener gave the weirdest face at that. Lol Bio class is so messed up........but it's usually the funnier part of my day....  English class we had a quiz. Open book =P. So everyone did pretty well. We didnt' really do much....watched some videos from the 50's about socializing. Lol I can't believe they would promote stuff like that back then....so funny. They had videos like "how to become popular" or "how to date." Lol hilarious. Anyways the bell rang......and off to Stage Band X.  We had lots of talking today........lots about Huntsville. I'm bringing my PS2 for sure now. Nick said he's bringing his modded X-Box. Turns out his green light button is red. o0o0o0o0o. And then I somehow went on a rant about how you could break curfew and swim in the pool @ 2am by breaking the window....I think I need social help. We didn't really play today.......we just ran over old pieces cuz we didn't have score to Mission Impossible. And now......I go home.....I was gonna go study w/ Mike n' Dan but was too tired...  Now I'm really tired....so i'll summarize the rest of my day:  -Came home around 5 -Slept till 7 -Did stuff -Shoveled driveway from 8-9:30 -Ate -Did last 10% of driveway end (Stupid packing snow) -Practiced Trombone -Now I sleep. Bye.  
     

    



       
       1/18/04   One day I don't have homework...The whole world does   Weird. The one day I actually have no homework and can do something EVERYONE else has homework. Not surprising since exams are coming up but why the heck does this happen on a Sunday? Ugh well since that happened my day was pretty much downright boring. Not much to write about today.  Woke up at around 830 for church. Kinda woke up late today so didn't gel hair or anything. THIS is when a good old hat comes in. I can cover up my hair with my hat. Innovative no =P. Went to pick up Jason. Since we didn't do worship, Pastor Mackness got this person called Dave Butler. He came a few times before but I really think that we should be able to do our own worship within our own church. Well today's message....erm.......well I remember the story. It was about David and the Besor River (spelling?) and about how he basically reclaimed stuff from bandits. Hmm this is great I can't remember what the main message was....  Well after a brief talk with Jason....I now remember. Thanks Jason by the way. Well it was kinda about how though we are followers of God, we still make bad choices. However we are forgiven if we believe. I think that was it. Oh boy this isn't good. Well I think that was it. Slow day. With UWO students out on a retreat there weren't many of us. Well after Offering and Benediction no song of respone since Dave had to leave....so we had announcements and went downstairs.  First thing I did was a great thing to do. Took off my hat and lo and behold......my hair isnt turned into hat hair. It's sticking out everywhere. Thanks a lot FlexFit. Damn. So yeah I had a bit of a bad hairday today. Oh yeah and today was VERY messed up. For some reason Brian Wong tried skin moisturizer *WTH IS WRONG WITH THIS WORLD NOW?!* and then Josh decided to wear Steph's pink scarf today. I decided to wear a scarf as a Turban and walk around pretending I was Taliban. Yes I realize that that was stupid. No worries though. We chatted around for a bit before Me Gavin and Steph volunteered to help with Children's Sunday School. Originally Rebecca and Josh were gonna help too but Pastor Mackness said 3 was enough. So off me and Gavin and Steph went to help with Children's Sunday School...  HOLY CRAP THIS IS ACTUALLY CHALLENGING! Trying to control 22 kids at once is NOT A FUN THING TO DO. And especially what we were doing today....pelting paper balls at someone while they were trying to find a yellow circle. Lol wish I had the pic from my D-Cam uploaded. This room is actually VERY chaotic. I now realize why I was in a way happy leaving CSS (not the internet lingo but Children's Sunday School). Well after about 20 minutes of pure chaos.....it ended off with a "calm" prayer. For some reason all these kids seem to have ADD.I was surprised of how even a 4 year old can be so hyper. Well afterwards it was "San Wui." So everyone was done. Service was over lah lah lah and stuff. I decided to go talk to Colin Ho's dad about making a website for our church. While that happened we somehow dragged Joseph Ma into it too and Josh. Well now we are putting a talk of starting a web design group for our church. Hope it's up and running by June or so. I'm apparently doing imaging. Whoo hoo. Now if only I had a more creative mind. Photoshop's actually very user friendly as later I would find out though. While we were waiting for my Dad to finish cleaning up Jason was trying to read his GMR magazine....but miserably failed with Rebecca and everyone else crowding around him remarking about how Doom 3 looks disgusting. I personally liked the looks of this one game coming out. Fatal Frame or somethin. Supposed to be a combination of Resident Evil 4 and Silent Hill 3. Both those games I am interested in. So this game should be good. GT 4 Graphics are AMAZING I also found out today and Starcraft Ghost....now #1 *over Silent Hill 3* on my most wanted games list. LOOKS SO COOL. And it should keep me entertained until StarCraft Two comes out. If it ever happens. Well after Jason FINALLY got a chance to read since everyone else left, we had to leave....  So he read in the car. Reminds me of the time when Patrick told me he read in the car for 4 hours *who the heck would read the Caesar 3 manual?* and then threw up afterwards. Not surprising. Well anyways less sidetracking. Jason went home. I went home and ate and then from like 3-6 I sat on the comp fiddling with photoshop. I WAS going to go to webstation but had no ride and the buses suck like crap. Eventually I ended up sitting home....Playing the piano, drumming, MSN, watching TV. Superstation is now one of the best channels on TV I have just realized.  Well after watching some TV....I went back on photoshop. Made a splashscreen for a HYPE website when it happens. I took a pic of night sky *really nice pic if i could put it on this site but no server so nope.* and then just did some stuff with it. Well after that I watched GI Jane. Not that great of a movie. Then now I'm sitting here......blogging......talking on msn.......n stuff. Can't really recall anything else happening today. Was gonna go snowboard but didnt'. Well now I'm gonna quickly refresh my mind on Grade 2 theory for a test tomorrow then sleep. Later.
     

    



       
       1/17/04   And snowboarding season has Started....for me   Saturday! WHOO! Finally! No more school for the next two days. Today wasn't bad actually.....went snowboarding for most of it.  I woke up at 11pm.....after sleeping @ 2am from playing NFSU and watching MuchMusic. Ate some stuff and practiced some piano before I headed out for my lesson.  My lesson like usual was a lecture about how I should practice 525 minutes a week. Sure like I'd actually do that. My max so far is around 200 mins a week. Nothing higher. I really don't care for practice time. I got out of lessons around 1pm (30 min lesson) and then headed home and got stuff ready for snowboarding.  I never knew that snowboards worked as well as it did today with Candle Wax. I spent around 40 mins cleaning and waxing my board.....then scrounged around for my snowboarding stuff. It actually took me almost two hours to be able to find everything. In the end I made it to Marcello's house around 4ish or so. While at home though I drummed for a bit, watched TV, surfed internet....then left.  We waited for about 15 minutes before Dan Kalmar came. While I was at his house though I finally saw the board Tom Kalazitis gave him that Marcello was trying to sell now. Orange Liquid 5150. I didn't like it personally but it is a decent board. Then Dan came and we left for Boler.  By the time we got there it was around 420ish. Bought our passes and at first we didn't really see anyone we knew. Just me, Marcello, Daniel, and then Scott Sidhu came too. We boarded around for about an hour before we went into the chalet for food. Marcello saw some chicks that he knew, well "knew." They seemed pretty bitchy. Oh yeah found a BBQ lighter for some reason lying around in the chalet. Marcello would be a Pyro for the next 10 minutes then. He burned the table or sometin like that. Then he decided to put the flame into a pop bottle. Obviously the flame went out from suffication. Anyways now back onto the slopes.  When we got out we saw some other girl and this dude called James Hoe. Funny name Hoe lol. But yeah we then went down to the chairlift where we met up with Adrian too. Eventually when me and Age decided to go on the "T-Bar hills" (which now has a chairlift so technically its the "Ex-T-Bar" hills according to Daniel) and me and Age would end up going on the new chairlift hills. The others I don't know where the hell they were. Well in the end we met up after around an hour when Scott had to leave. We went down with him and said bye then we split up again lol. Me and Age went back in forth while Marcello and Daniel stayed on the old Chairlift hills. I don't know what the hell James and the other girl did.....I guess Easy Street since James was new to snowboarding. But yeah we boarded around until 10. I pulled off a small jump from terrain park and also pulled a manual. Nothing else too exciting really. The "races" we had were usual. Dan won w/ inside lane, then Marcello with 2nd most inside lane, then me then Age. It's pretty obvious who wins in our races. Whoever has inside lane. Pretty poorly planned but who cares =P. Boler actually isn't bad now with new Chairlift. Makes life a bit easier and they have Grindrails *Jibs I think?* on the terrain park. Though I didn't get to go on them I did go off the new backbone ramp, where I bailed and also off one of the ramps. Made 1/3 jumps great sucess rate. Notice the sarcasm. Well you can't really when all the typing's the same. After last run we all went home. Marcello n' Dan got a lift from me while Age had his mom to give him a lift. And now here I am sitting at home. Tired.  As you can see I mostly just snowboarded today. Since I woke up @ 11am I missed most of the day. The twins never went today but meh. I still had fun. Least it's a good start to my "season" of snowboarding this year. Stupid global warming. Woulda started in December if it weren't for it. Well I guess that's it. I'm gonna go sleep now. Cya.
     

    



       
       1/16/04   A day of many accomplishments...WHOO!   Today I probably had the most production in any field in a long time. I did well on tests, didn't sleep in classes, got farther in Need for Speed Underground.....and improved with breaking even =P. Summarizing my day in one word would be "SHWEET!"  Today since I slept around 1 yesterday I almost slept in until my mom woke me up @ 730. Ate quickly, dressed and ran out da door by 7:50. Got to school around 8:10 or so...what an action packed morning=P.....sure.  Well history we had a game that we played where we had a given income based on 30's *poor since it was depression" and we had to figure out a budget. I made $17.44 , and I had to cut money from so much crap just to make my budget work. For food I bought 8 lbs of rice (Maisie bought 10 so I'm not that outta proportion) and some other crap. Ms. Manson wasn't convinced that 8 lbs of rice could last a week. SERIOUSLY I'd like to see her eat that much rice in a week. I also had margarine for cooking oil.....and some other crap. She said I woulda died during the depression. My ass....the rice would make steamed rice, baked rice, fried rice, it'd even make good matress filling =P. What a great use for such a cheap substance. Oh yeah and i got 86% on 1920's test. Sweet.  Well off to careers. Didn't do my presentation today as we ran outta time. Pokan was begging me to go before him but I didn't feel like it and also I didn't have enough time. Eventually he went....he did his on kinecieologists or w/e the heck the spelling is. You know those people......sports doctor? Ring a bell? You could tell Pokan was a bit unorganized as he somehow thought 25% and 75% would turn into a 7:18 ratio.Hammond did a Family Physician where he interviewed his mom. Beats careercruising. com I guess. And some other people did some other jobs. No movie today though....now off to lunch.......I was actually hungry for once.  Well me, Thompson, Hermann, Nate and Mike *White one not Chan* went out to Galleria. But before I left saw Finlan. He wore a old Fleury jersey from when Fleury played for Calgary. First it's a team that has always sucked until recently so I feel sorry for someone to be actually wearing that jersey. And 2nd who the hell would wear a jersey of someone that is in rehab and sucks @ hockey? I guess Finlan would. Idiot.  I had pizza from this place called Pete's. It wasn't bad. Then Jessica Wittaker came for a visit to us. "So Thompson how's Lindsay Pratt now?" That one sentence would stir up the biggest convo today. Well we mistook it for fact that Thompson was going out w/ her....when really it was about something else. But it was pretty funny. Thompson was having the biggest embarrasment. Hahaha. Then this would drag on through into math class. Me and Jessica would still be bugging him about it. Then there was also like usual our hockey talk at lunch. Too much to say. We went from local stars to NHL....and of course Mike and his rants about the Knights. WHO CARES? IT'S OHL. But Mike seems hooked about it. And he likes the Oilers so that says something else. Well we are now trekking back *imaginination inserted here* back to school......in the freezing -20+ weather....it was COLD!  Now by the time I got into math class I was an icecube. But thawed out overtime. Like I mentioned before me and Jessica Whittaker *Sorry if your reading this Jess and I spelled your name wrong =P* were still bugging Thompson aboud Lindsay Pratt and what happened at lunch. We somehow then got dragged into talking about semi- formal. If I do go I'm gonna try to get some people to pool in for a Limo. Hopefully I can make this happen unlike last year. Oh yeah then Thompson made a VERY lame attempt to use Nathan's "Got a dog" line on Mr. Gilbert. First of all it's pathetic how he stole that line from Nate cuz it was an inside joke. Advice for Thompson MAKE YOU YOUR OWN JOKE LINES. Anyways, Mr. Gilbert was also pretty funny today. To "cope" with "Grade 10 intelligence" he started writing stuff very slowly. Then we started throwing in ideas on improving his handwriting. I said while he was at it why doesn't he dot the I's w/ hearts n stuff. Eventually he made a demented heart....and over time it would turn into a black square. Eric Bennett then outta random said "Mr. Gilbert your hand looks bony on the overhead." Wth? Seriously THAT is what I call random. Math class actually was pretty funny today though. Kept me awake at least.  Now onto programming. Boring. Looked at sites afterI finished my Hyperstudio project. By the way Hyperstudio makes Microsoft actually look appealing. How bad can educational programs get? Worse, there wasn't any entertainment today. No good jokes, no fighting, no Icy Vs. Pokan brawls. Nothing. Oh yeah 6 people got sent out at begining of class *lol* that was funny. and Mitch showed me the Monty Python song " I Like Chinese." LOL frickin hilarious.  Eventually we went to auditorium to meet this kid Kristopher who's travelling across Canada to raise money for organ and tissue donation. I thought it was a good cause. I really wish the kid good luck. He's damn courageous for a 14 year old. Least I think he was 14. Point is he's courageous for a kid period. There.  Now time for after school. Dan came over to my house cuz we were gonna go to UCC to break around 6. We sat around shoving food in our faces for a good 2 hours. Half a pizza each, 2 packs of Gung Jai Mein, a bag of carrots, Mcdonalds burger.....washed it down with some wine and stuff.....mmmmm food. Then Dan sat on MSN for a bit and I played underground. I FINALLY MADE IT PAST 65/111! I'm now at 70 =P. BIG IMPROVEMENT. I have FOB spoilers now. You know the HUGE ASS ONES that make F1 spoilers look like scraps of aluminum foil? Well I ended up getting a smaller one because Subaru Impreza's don't look good with FOB spoilers. Then again what does? We would then end up playing DDR for a bit....with controllers. WHoo hoo. Did a wee bit of breaking at home. Then off to UCC.  Saw anton and em already starting to break. Sergei and some other people were there also. Tonight I pulled off two windmills again. I think that's my peak for now. I also pulled off a decent airchair and Pikes, as you can see on my MSN display pic. That is right now my glory for tonight. Weee. Well I left early today around 9. Still had to do some stuff @ home and I was REALLY tired. I think that Grain products though like noodles and pizza....well the crust anyways if not the rest of the fat are very good meals to have before breaking. Really gives you energy. Anyways I'm out. Gonna snowboard  tomorrow and I don't wanna fall asleep on my way down the bunny hill. Cya.  
     

    



       
       1/15/04   Slow start...big finish   Though my  day started off slow like usual....I mean every day two really sucks, it was ended off with a really good ending. Talent show was tonight.....and the last performance w/ Dave Rutt's (one of the Stage Band X conductors) band. THEY WERE AMAZING! Wasn't exactly rock, or ska, but it was like Spanishy music. The drumming was sick, and Dave's blaring on the trombone was really good. Tonight's talent show was much better than last years. Less crap....more good stuff. But I thought the last band really beat out Joe Ogan's band from last year. Well anyways now time to go on with the rest of my day...  Like usual I woke up around 720....crawling slowly out of bed met by a average breakfast....for me anyways. I had tofu and rice *lol* which I bet most people don't think is too typical. Tea is typical right? Well Patrick came over for a lift around 7:50...we left around 7:55....just made it ontime to school around 8:10.  Music class was REALLY boring today....least my trombone case has been taken to the shop to be fixed. All we did today though was scales....repeat of grade 1 theory.....I slept through some of it......and we did some really pathetic playing at the end...and off to science. Like I said music was VERY boring today. Mr. McCumber isn't the greatest teacher compared to Mrs. Wharton. She at least knows how to keep a class happy by serving Oh Henry bars every once in a while.  Well off to science. Note taking like usual. Nothing too exciting happened. No one was late so no singing. We got tips on what to study. Oh yeah Alan reminded me of careers class yesterday where we were talking bout G-Unit...then he said something about rice and then he somehow came up with "RICE UNIT" instead of G-UNIT. Then out of random I sorta said "TEAM ALLAH." Catchy eh???? Yah I know....it's too good to be true. No rap group could ever have the name "TEAM ALLAH." They ain't good enough for it. NO RAP GROUP IS GOOD ENOUGH FOR IT....Yet...  LUNCH! Well since Nathan had midterms he didn't go out....Mike and Hermann were pussies and wouldn't go out into the cold. So only me and Thompson went to McD's today. Cheeseburger special. Mmmm.....processed cheese......Hot Chocolate..........EEEEW! McD's hot chocolates are no good....but best substitute to English Toffee Cappuchino. Oh yeah out of random my English group partner Christine comes and tells me the news that she didn't do jack shit for our project. Wow. What a great thing to hear only 3 hours before 5th period. Well I didn't care. English isn't my strong subject....and my group really is "productive." Told Finlan to get a picture of Mao Tse- Tung and he gets a picture of a Chinese warlord who looks like he's only 10. Idiot.  Well now time for Bio. Ugh had to write the fastest ever of my life. I started from making detailed drawings and full sentence answers to chicken scratches and broken english. Ugh Ms. Wiener can't figure out how long it takes an average grade 10 to do an in class lab. Ugh well anyways didn't finish but who cares still handed it in....and off to english. Bio is starting to get REALLY boring. Well off to English class and see how our presentation goes.  Well we started ok...until Finlan didn't understand how the Chinese revolution worked. But oh well that was ok I don't think anyone caught onto it anyways. But SERIOUSLY my group really sucked. In the end I had to summarize the revolution because I "knew" the most about it. I really just improvised. Said the obvious. Hoped it went well. Our info pile was 3x bigger than anyone else's too. Well that was basically it....after that bused home and decided to go to talent show or not........self explanitory from the first paragraph I ended up going.  Well when I got home I moped around for a bit....ate food.....talked on MSN......went onto urbandictionary.com and looked for stupid words meanings. I liked this definition the most:  Thx:      Bastardization of 'Thnx,' which is a bastardization of 'Thanx,' which is a bastardization of 'Thanks,' which is a bastardization of 'Thank You.'       : I killed your rabbit!      : thx      : np  That really is a good definition. Whatever happened to writing Thanks or Thank You? I really agree with this definition. This site is much more useful than dictionary.com.......in ways. Well after that I left for talent show around 6ish....met steve @ market tower around 630 and we walked to school. Just got there in time.....saw Mike n' Dan. Dan ended up sitting w/ us while Mike sat with his school friends. Mike said they ruined the show for him. But meh. He kinda deserves it i guess =P. Well talent show was friggin amazing this year as mentioned. First act's memorable acts were Oriol's Band *where I realized that Gavin can play the guitar better than Rory.....all Rory played were a crapload of powerchords* and also Courtney Rosso's dance gig. It was riverdance sorta.....but still beats any toprock I've seen in breaking. It was like 8 mins of hardcore toprock....I can barely toprock at a slow song for like 1 minute. Usually I toprock for 10 secs than go into 6-step lol. Can't really remember anyting else from act 1....oh yeah two associate level piano players that were sisters played a duet. Really good. OH YEAH almost forgot Rasberry Social or sometin like that. Hilarious band.  During intermission we walked around for a bit. We being me, Steve, Dan and for a bit Brian Link was with us too. In the end when we headed up we found out the hallways were empty so........I PRACTICED WINDMILLS! And LO AND BEHOLD I, JOE CHAN.....LINKED TWO! Then on the 3rd I landed on my hip but WHO CARES?! IT'S A BRUISE! IT'LL HEAL UNLESS I HAV INTERNAL BLEEDING! Point is I LINKED TWO MILLS! Funny and when I was walking to school I was saying how I should work on mills. Motivation for myself =P. Of course Steve has been telling me to practice mills since 6 months ago but I never thought I could until now. THERE IS HOPE. Well after that Steve pulled two flares....and then Dan and me pulled an airchair or two. Now back to the talent show......  Act two highlights were the improv by Matt Brown and some other dude....hilarious. And then there was Igor and Stefan's breaking part of the show. That brought lots of whoa's and screams. And then the final act with Dave Rutt and this crazy drummer that Thompson told me was Mark. THEY WERE GOOD. Schooled Oriol's band. Great ending to a good talent show. Now after the show I bused home with Steve. Well walked to the bus stop with him. Then I got off @ Beckers and mom drove me home.  Well now I'm at home doing finishing touches to Careers. Kinda rushed through the end but meh. Gotta finish a few things then sleep. Later reader.    
     

    



       
       1/14/04   Tired....starving....and relieved from math midterm   Today was another day of stupid band. Woke up @ 6am and ate....and that would be the only thing I'd eat until i got home. Ugh boring as usual. Played some songs...got lectured....then off to first period.....HISTORY *ugh.*  Well in Ms. Manson's history class it was same old. She'd put up her cheesy overheads, and then do a useless task of finding jot notes when she gave us the answers at the end anyways. Geez so stupid. We also got our untouchables reviews back. I got 18.5/20...somehow Scott got 19.5/20 though we had the exact same report almost....except he plaguerized some number figures. But STILL.......so stupid. Meh not that I can complain my mark is still VERY high. Well after a stupid talk about how stock markets work......which isn't that exciting when you've been investing in it since grade 7.....it was off to Careers.  BORING. Saw some presentations. Monica and some other girls presented today. So boring, no offense Monica if you're reading this but no matter who was presenting....it was boring. Well we watched more of Finding Forrester. Sean Connery gets lost @ a Knicks game lol. And Lunch.  I notice im whizzing  by my school day cuz today was damn boring. Studied for midterms @ lunch.  Math. Probably failed midterms.  Programming. Same old. Using stupid Hyperstudio. Icy killing Po-Kan. Hermann overlooking the raging battle between the helpless Po-Kan clinging onto dear life and Icy's merciless attitude towards him. And like usual the rest of the class would add to the excitment with "OOOH's" and "WHOA's" whenever Po-Kan was getting his ass kicked. Icy threatened him with a chair. That was pretty funny to see. Who woulda thought that in a computer lab there would be melee weapons? Not exactly an axe, chainsaw, or a @*$!% Tuba (quote taken from video clip Quake in real life...watch it at www.ghettofob.net) but I think Icy kinda wronged them with their saying that in real life not everyone carries around a melee weapon. Apparently Icy finds a plastic school chair a pretty formidable melee weapon. And of course I checked hockey pool while in class....still in 5th place. And still Hyperstudio is just as exciting as watching dried paint dry. And then the bell rang...  FINALLY OUT OF FRICKIN SCHOOL....only to meet FREEZING COLD WINDS. Now normally I don't complain about my ears freezing....but they actually started hurting today. No frostbite yet....but I think I'm asking for it =P. Cap hats can only help you so far. Least my head wasn't cold. Bused home....talked to Ryan and Patrick on the way home.....by the time I got home I decided to just hide in bed because it was actually Warm....a feeling that I had forgotten ever since 2:30 when I left school. Afterwards....I sat around for a bit....played the piano......SC....then  ps2. First time playing NFSU since.....before Christmas Holidays. still hasn't lost its fun. Forgot how to do a few things though. Got worse @ dragging and better @ drifting. Makes sense. I can't drive straight because I turn too much...something a drifting driver needs...probably.  Well by now it's around 8....and I had to go to theory. Only 3 people in the class tonight. Me, Thomas, and Lauren. Wasn't too exciting......basically we just learned more stuff to help us pass when the exam comes in May.....we all left by 9.  Now I'm at home sitting here......typing up English presentation......printing off science notes......found out Jason bought NFL street.....and writing this blog. Oh yeah and with the constant pictures of Sim City 4 Paul keeps sending me....I REALLY regret buying a ps2 now. Shoulda bought a new P4 Comp and sc4. Oh well that'll come in time hopefully. I'm gonna go now and maybe play some PS2.....or sleep. Productive.
     

    



       
       1/13/04   You walk around...then BOOM! EXAMS!!! NOO!   And so the countdown begins.....   LATE START DAY WAS TODAY! yes sleeping in till 830 *shweet.* And on with the rest of my shpiel for today.....  Yes I realize my titles are very VERY cheesy. But it's true. Only another 16 hours or so before my math midterms come up. It's basically an exam...but when the teacher gives u a review sheet with 21 questions....it's worth sometin. I just hope I don't flunk it. Math is my lowest mark right now. Last year it was too I think. That or science.  But today I really got prepared for midterms....me mike n' dan studied from 3-6 @ library. By the time I got out it was 6pm. Today has been one hell of an exhausting day....in ways.  Woke up around 8:30 today.......props to whoever came up with "Late Start Day." So good. Don't have to crawl outta bed @ 7 or anything. I actually didnd't fall asleep in bio for once!! AMAZING! Oh yeah neither in english. Woke up, got dressed, Patrick (Patrick will be Sackville not Finlan) and we left for school around 8:50  Traffic was jammed. Whole Oxford was clogged with metal chassis' w/ CO coming out of the end. Took us almost 30 mins to get to school. Lucky I had music, and Mr. mcCumber doesn't care about punctuality anyways. But Ms. Manson seems to bitch a lot on Day 1's when I have her for homeroom. But we eventually got there on time. Whoopteedoo we get our sight reading songs for exam. Heh lucky we've had 3 sub teachers. One of the songs we know how to play w/ our eyes closed cuz we had an earlier teset with it. We almost didn't get it because some retard *cough NIKKI* almost blew it by telling the teacher we should have another piece. SERIOUSLY U GET LIKE A FREE 100% ON SOMETIN IN THE TEST! Wonder what she was thinkin....  Well after music class It was time for science.....wrote notes.....that was it. Oh yeah....Justin D. Underhill and Sylviane came in late...so they had to sing a song....namely the school song. Well like usual Sylviane and Underhill just read it but Justin actually SANG. IT was a scary thought......and even Mr. Curphey was surprised. Said he enjoyed it too much.....I mean singing is supposed to be a "punishment." Well that was basically it cuz I'm not about to type ot the details of note taking.  Lunch....Me, Thompson, Hermann and Nate went to McD's. I had a English Toffee Cap. First time....it's pretty good. Beats French Vanilla. Then when we were eating Thompson somehow brought up the idea of Why Asians are considered Yellow when we really don't even have any yellow? Po-Kan and Derek Cason sitting beside us even heard us. Yeah we all started laughing. I really don't get how the hell Thompson comes up with all this stuff in his head. This is almost as stupid as the "Joe.....You my #1 Rice nigga."   Just got to school in time for bio. Whoo hoo another quiz. Not. Well least these are easy. Ez things to bring up my mark. Rite now I think I'm sitting at a healthy 85%. Can't complain. better from 80. For some reason I'm getting better at science. Maybe I'll ditch my Finance Business Job plans and head for a job in bio engineering....or something. Can't be much worse. I'll be like those people visited by Crackers the Crime Fighting Chicken from Michael Moore's "The Awful Truth." Good series. The one on Bowling for Columbine DVD is hilarious. Well we did a quiz......got some old work back. That was basically it. Oh yeah I'm with Okanski Underhill and Robert for a project that won't be coming up until later in the year.  English was boring like usual. Presentations started for revolutions.  Well after school, I had to go the the library w/ Dan N' Mike for a studying thing for math. We worked and talked, and ate, and stuff  for almost 3 hours. Saw a lot of people there actually. Jeff was there, Jesse, Wilson, Erin, Brescia, these two people in grade 9 that apparently knew Paul Nielsen. One I found out was the girl that knew karate that was good friends with Laura. The other one supposedly Me and Paul played basketball with one time back in like grade 5 or something. Wow what a small world. This is almost as weird as Marcello knowing my cousin. This world just gets smaller and smaller. Maybe its cuz London has less than 500k people. But yeah we studied until bout 6....well that was until I left. I dunno when they did..  By the time I got home it was about 6:30. Took a shower n stuff......then played the drums for around 30 minutes. Then.......MORE MATH STUDYING. I mite be taking this midterm a bit too seriously.......but I seriously can't remember half the shit we did through this year. Well I still got lunch tomorrow....and I can kinda study during careers I guess. Hopefully I don't screw up tomorrow.  Well now I'm still studying......stupid factoring. It's the worst. I hate these parabolas n stuff. Why can't the world just revolve around y=mx+b? Life would be way easier. Well I'm gonna head to sleep soon....still have Band tomorrow....and i don't wanna fall asleep halfway through my midterms. I know this entry's kinda bland.......I mean the most action packed thing was Thompson raising the question of why Asians are considered to be yellow. I don't know either. Well the library actually lots of stuff happened. Lots of jokes. Talks about old days in Montessori....and for some reason Mike kept saying someone was slapping his ass. Dunno what the hell Burger King put in his burger. Also talked to Jeff about some church things. But yeah that was pretty much my day I guess. I am now going to hope from now until I'm done my math midterms that it goes well. PLEASE.........
     

    



       
       1/12/04   On your mark...get set.... START WRITING TILL UR HAND GOES BOKAN!   Yes.....that's basically Ms. Manson's version of a test. Holy crap today's history test was brutal......writing wise. It was actually a joke test. Just the fact though I had to write another stupid Essay about "Prohibition affects on Canada." Seriously WTH!? Who gives a crap. I wrote a nice piece though I think. I wrote about how Prohibition created a new job field....Bootlegging. You wouldn't believe how many Canadians made big bucks from making homemade beer. Reminds me of the Simpsons. 1920's actually was a pretty cool era....sorta. I mean....we had a good economy.....and we had lots of jobs. Then again I'd rather live in this era cuz back then I really can't picture traveling at 40km/h in a Model T Ford. Anyways enough of history class....today's class was just a stupid test. Onto Careers.....  Watched Finding Forrester. At firs this movie looked REALLY stupid, but now I sorta wanna see the ending. Though it's a drama, it's a good one. i was surprised at the talent the director had in putting together this movie. Was about basketball, and writing books. I didn't know how that really related up till now.....but I think you people should get this movie....really good one. Oh yeah we had a Ms. Dymock for sub. Nothing exciting....mmm.........lunchtime......  For lunch.....well me Nate n' Thompson went out for subs originally. We did wait for Hermann but he never came so we left. We got to the subs place and Lo and Behold.....ITS SITLL CLOSED! DAMNIT! Stupid Broken English False advertising....January 12th they would reopen my ass. Well we ended up going to Burger King. Getting so tired of fast food. I'm basically paying for cancer. Least it keeps me going through the rest of the day. Yah lunch was usual......talked bout random crap, Thompson still used the N word a lot....and Nathan still ranting on about the "Got a Dog? Not anymore" joke. That's getting kinda old. Then again Thompson's "You my #1 Rice Nigga" is gettin old too. Then I said sometin about how by 2010 every white dude will be outnumbered by Asians 3:1. Got some laughs from that. Then again...don't we outnumber them already =P. K maybe not but EVENTUALLY...............you just wait.  Well Math we just reviewed. Midterms in a matter of two days. I found out I really did forget lots of shit....but it came back to me slowly. I'll be crammin lots tomorrow. Mike became the class tool when he photocopied answer sheet for everyone. Kinda funny. Started off with him going by himself to photocopy his own copy, the Mr. G told him to photocopy him one....then Bennett, then me, then Maggie....Travis....and so on and so forth till he probably had 5 bux in his hand for photocopying.   Programming class we had a test.....meh.  Ok see that part of the day was pure crap....you can see why I fall asleep through those two classes. Well sometimes in programming there's something exciting. Ok I'm just lying... maybe the reason why I'm writing little today is because I forget most of the stuff.  Well it's monday so I had Stage band X practice.....we didn't really play today. A new girl joined. Thinks she's Lauren. Wonder if it's the same one that used to come to my theory class? Well she's a drummer....now we have a grand total of two...Jake is kinda on the crap side of drumming. Me and Nick can play better than him. Oh yah and Shaunvir. I mean Jake SHOULD be cut if we cut people. We got pizza....for our "talent" at our other performances. I'm not complaining since its food.....mmm....pizza....  When I was leavin for home I saw Mike n' Dan, so we walked to the stop. Chatted for a bit before I realized my bus was making the turn....Ran. Still can't beat the half a kilometer sprint I had to make last year down Dundas to catch my bus. THAT was brutal. Got home around hmm..........Was so freaking tired. But meh still played a game of SC w/ Jason and drummed for over and hour. then I had to do piano n stuff.  Right now.....I think I gotta organize better. I wanna learn how to do graphics design, HTML and still have exams to study for. Better do exams first. I'll stick w/ my crappy graffiti Display pic for now=P. Well I'm out...gonna fiddle around with site more maybe. Later.  
     

    



       
       1/11/04   The darkness SLOWLY takes over....Grr stupid exams   Wow. Tomorrow marks the first day of in class exams week. Am I ready? Helllll no. I didn't know about history test until today. But oh well no worries.....with the mark I have I dont have to worry about anything. But also I have to do review for my math midterms....thats the biggie. Have to remember everything since september by today. I wish I had an actual exam now....would have more time to study. Now I have my midterms on wednesday.....which really really sucks. But anyways here's the summary on the rest of my day.  Well like usual I went to church. Woke up at around 830 or so.....left house @ 845. Picked up Jason....got to church around 9:15. We were a tad late....they started just before we slipped in. Today's message was pretty interesting though. We had a guest speaker.....uh oh forgot his name....but the subject was about "Our Commision." Basically to me the message told me basically about how God's calling can really be emphasized towards you. He told us of the story of how him and his wife were called to China when someone from one of the booths (he was at a missionary open house sorta thing) and told them they needed a computer person and a nurse. Well he as a programmer....and his wife was a nurse....coincedence? Well he believed that this was a sign from God. I guess if you were in that spot you'd think that too. Also he had a very interesting story about faith. He asked a group of non-believers whether or not they believed in aliens...and they said yes, despite the fact they have never seen one, or even heard of someone seeing one.  Then he asked them why wouldn't they believe in Jesus Christ even though there is evidence of him living. They couldn't really reply to that. Well eventually that village he is preaching in (btw a village in China is around 700,000) now has 4 churches....which is good growth. Really feel proud for em. Oh yeah, and after English Service....Pastor Mackness gave Jason a brand spankin' new Bible. I thought it was a pretty cool gesture. In fact I think we should make it almost like a church tradition...giving new believers Bibles. Speaking of Bibles, I need mine back from Shaonan. Too bad he never really accepted Christ. He seemed like the mature type. I learned a lot from this though. Mature people don't always accept things more maturely. Spirituality especially, is VERY difficult thing to interpret. It's like a white guy reading Chinese.  Then came Sunday School class. Learned about Job. One thing that really still sticks in my mind is the quote that Pastor Mackness said about how "Spiritual life can interfere with physical life, but physical life can't interfere with Spiritual life." I kinda came up with a metaphor with the fact of how a small foot can fit in a big shoe, but not the other way around. No one got it....I looked like an idiot. Nothing new =P. Today was communion to though.....so we all went upstairs for the last part of service where the communion happens. Josh and Calvin then went downstairs to set up stuff...while the rest of us stayed for Benediction and some special deacon/elder announcement. When we got downstairs, we lined up for lunch. Gavin complimented Carmen on her new outfit....he said it made her look like she was bout to run a marathon or sometin. I just said I wonder if she even knew what the word "Rookie" meant that was written across her jacket =P. Lol that got some laughter. Well we left around 2 and got home around 2:30, dropping off Jason on the way and also picking up Bad Boys 2 and Tony Hawk's Underground from Rogers. heard the game sux....but i've seen the movie....rented it just for laughs again. BEST MOVIE I've seen probably.  Well I sat around home for a bit....did some things....played a bit of SC....but mainly got tired of it. OK I LOST IN IT THATS WHY! But main point is....I ordered pizza and went over to Patrick (Sackville not FInlan)'s house for a bit. Watched Bad Boys II and came home around now. It's about 945 now. Chatting on MSN and studying for History....dats why I kinda have to go and am now summarizing. Laters.  
     

    



       
       1/10/04   YES WEEKEND!!!!!!!!!!!   YES! WEEKEND! Today I think I defined laziness. Well at least in my point of view. I woke up at 12 (Wow I haven't done that in a week) and then headed out for piano @ 1230. Wow......I totally forgot everything.....C Major seemed like a challenge. I also apparently made my piano teacher panic cuz she seems to think someone in grade 8 piano should practice 575 minutes a day? WTH!?!?!?!?!? SERIOUSLY the most i'll practice is 40 minutes a day. PERIOD. I sound good enough....the marks say so. 80+ from 40 mins of practice 4 days a week.....dats good enough. I'm not bout to become the next Mozart. After a gruesome 30 minutes.....I finally get home around 1pm or so.  I decided I wasn't going to go to Boler today. Well one reason was because I have HYPE tonight *fellowship* and another reason is because my board is in terrible condition. Need to wax it bad. Actually I just need a new board period. The liquid board Marcello's selling is tempting.....but then again I hate liquid  boards. I wanna get a Ryde or Sims board. I was thinkin Santa Cruz @ one point.....but man what was I thinkin now that i look back. Oh yah K-2 I wouldn't mind either. But yeah didn't end up going to boler or Webstation today because Colin n em already left....so in the end I ended up going to Masonville w/ age.  Went down to future shop......lucky we caught the wonderland bus. Took us right there ^_^. We were there for bout two hours. Saw Paul there....haven't seen that kid in a while. He's actually a lot taller than me now. I was surprised. Him and Adrian both got Sim City 4.....how I envy P4 comps now.....Grr stupid P3 Emachine.....4MB Vid card.....and tin cans for speakers. Wow my comp truly define the term "Scrap Metal."  Well anyways me and Age ended up browsing around for almost an hour and thirty minutes. I ended up getting a PS/2 Remote and a 7 foot long extension cable for my ps2 controller. YES!!!! FINALLY!!!! I can turn on the ps2, tv, sound, and play all from my couch......HEEHEE NO MORE WALKING UP TO THE STUPID MACHINE! This is why I think I'm getting lazier and lazier. Paying 40 bux for the two objects just so I don't have to ever walk up to the system (except for changing the CD but still.....I'll get a broom eventually) and I can play from the comfort of my couch. No more stupid sitting on the stupid floor. I haven't actually tried it out yet.....but I can picture the luxury now...................Couch..............Potato.............mmmmmmmm potato. Well we ended up leaving around 5. And this is now where I have dinner.  Whadya know? JU PAH *porkchop * AGAIN.....FOR THE 4th NIGHT IN A ROW!!! My mom seriously can't figure out what "variety" is. We've been having Jupah for the past 4 nights and I'm really getting sick and tired of it. First of all she doesn't reallize corn starch makes the meat more juicy and tender, and also SHE DOESN'T CHANGE HER FREAKING RECIPE! Oregano, Chives, and some other crap. And if your wondering if I'm a cook nut or sometin.....yes I am.  BUT SERIOUSLY wouldn't anyone get tired of having the same thing 4 nights in a row? Well least I also had chicken....and of course some......uh.......Choi Sum.....dunno what it is in english. Put it this way it looks like a celery....but softer........and its leafy. Defined? Maybe not....Probably not.... But that's ok. Point is it's good.  Left for HYPE around 6:00. Had to pickup Jason too....apparently his parents didnt know about this so he couldn't have dinner. Well we got there around 630. Interesting how Gavin brought a friend. His name was Liam. Surprisingly he actually was pretty open minded about Spirituality. Well first we started off with an icebreaker game.....we had to say a verb or adjective and an animal and then our name. It all had to start w/ the first letter of our name. For example.....my name is Joe. I could be "Jumping Jaguar Joe." Josh was "Jolly Jellyfish Josh." And Liam for example of a different letter was "Lazy Leemer Liam." Heh I somehow convinced someone that I was a Jumping Jangaroo.....what's a Jangaroo? What's a Jalopy? A car on homestarrunner.com. But Jangaroo? It's a kangaroo.....that starts with a J. Today wasn't the biggest meeting....was missing Carmen, and the twins Mike n' Dan. But we still went on....talked about issues that were mentioned in the 4 page long email Josh and I wrote. Me, Gavin, and Liam were w/ JT...we somehow talked about it longer than anyone else. Had some pretty good points though.....and I was surprised with what Liam had to say....he's one down to earth dude. And he really knows his stuff. We actually had a pretty good convo. He didn't seem out of it at all. He was actually like in depth with most of the conversation with us which I was surprised. We obviously had some laughs n stuff but it was all pretty mellow. We had other jokes too but can't recall them. But I heard about this one place "Youth For Christ" or sometin. They sound pretty twisted though. Liam said he went to the place a few times....and it seems like they mesmerize you to become a Christian. Now no matter how good of a scheme it sounds......it defeats the purpose of religion I find. I mean religion can't be forced which Liam pointed out...as well as Gavin.....and it is a very personal thing. I actually learned a lot from him. Pretty cool atheist. But honestly I thought he has spiritual potential.....but then again I wouldn't like force him to go to church or anything. If one day he really decides though that would be pretty cool. Was kinda interesting how he was thinkin bout being Buddhist....seems like white buddhists are on the rise. I mean Mr. Kimmel @ our school is one....and Richard Gere is too.....I think. But yah tonight's meeting actually was pretty cool.  By the time I got home....which is about now.....I'm pretty tired. Decided that tomorrow I'd probably stay home from going to Michael's on the Thames w/ my parents. Wedding Anniversary. I think i'll just rent a few movies maybe have a friend over or sometin and just chill. Oh yeah today Patrick's (Not Finlan the other one, Sackville) modem broke down.....well didn't work....he finally decided to call the Bell guy. Yes I'm not a professional with modems maybe but I know who to call at least....THE MODEM DUDE! er 310-SURF. Well I'm out....gonna go watch SNL maybe. laters.
     

    



       
       1/9/04   Week 1 of school over....totally burned out   FINALLY! FRIDAY! This week seemed so freaking long.....and it's so hard to believe that it was only the first week back in school from the Christmas holidays. But today wasn't too bad. Had some excitement if not a lot. Well here's the summary of my day:  Like usual I wake up, do all the wake up crap, and head to school. Whoopee, first period was music and we get to do theory. Really sucked but still point is it was an assembly day, meaning that my classes are shortened. We had student forum assembly day to day....you know like we get to put out our opinions and stuff and they school will sometimes take into consideration if they think it has potential. Capitalist? Yes....effective? Maybe. Makes student body happier? Most likely. Waste of time? Sorta...but some issues really do bring up questions. I forgot them obviously cuz I like to listen to the funny ones but there was one about like the gym floor....and how we have been raising money for a wooden one since last september. Well some "shmuckette" decided to complain about it cuz she isn't "athletic." Funny though. When other people make donations to the school, it always goes to music program, I mean we are one of the best schools in London. Anyways enough sidetracking. Some other dude decided to suggest for MOGA this year (Most Outrageous Group Activity) we should try to set a record by making the world's biggest human parabola (mathematical thing u know, looks like a bell....OOOOH NOW U SEE) to replace our hopeless and pathetic record attempt last year for the most people to wear those glasses w/ plastic noses @ once. Seriously what the heck kinda record setting is that? So cheesy. But I think it got rejected. Oh yeah, I had science before the forum.....stupid....we watched a video about weather...seriously does the Ontario gov't really think we don't know what rain is and how it forms? When its above zero, it "Rains." Below zero, it "snows." Seriously the gov't should maybe spend this $$$ on the army instead of us. Maybe they'll have the $$$ to afford a weather predicting machine....that'll benefit them more than this  benefits us.  Well after all that stuff it was lunch. I wasn't really hungry today, so I decided to play some ball. What luck. The day I wanna play ball Mr. Douglas boots us all out of the gym. Then for some reason he starts to play Patrick Finlan in a game of ball. LOL that was the climax of my school day, just watching Finlan being plowed by Mr. D's post made all the Gr. 10's watching laugh our heads off. Funny how Finlan was being humiliated infront of almost 40 Gr. 10's. And he seems to think Mr.D was trying his hardest.....when Finlan takes a shot and Mr. Douglas decides to stand 7 feet from him. Trying? Sure thing. *NOT.* SERIOUSLY if Finlan tried his hardest and Mr. D did, Finlan's FG% would be something like.........-0.5%? Fine I'll give him some credit. 1%. Oh that one percent woulda came from when Mr. D let Finlan shoot for the 200th time.....THEN Finlan would make the shot. But yah pretty funny....in the end he only lost 11-7...but then again Mr. D wasn't even playing defense, and Finlan was struggling to keep up with the gym teacher since Patrick is a gimpy.  Oh yah almost forgot. When we got kicked out....well me and some people decided to just talk for the rest of lunch in front of the gym doors. This was when we found out Finlan was starting to play ball w/ Mr. D. Forgot what exactly we talked about.....for some reason Lindsay had a urge to go into the guy's washroom. Seriously what's so intriguing about a urinal and a jawn? Oh well after that "excitement" we just chatted around for a bit, and that was when we then decided to watch Gimpy be tooled by Mr. D.  After lunch it was Bio, then English. Nothing much, so I won't touch on it too much. Just I had work.  Well now skip down to after school. Chatted w/ Ryan on the bus ride home, then got home around........3:15ish. One big topic we talked about was the game where Gimpy got tooled.  Well got home, drummed around for a bit.....I really can't do jack when im freezing cold. Drumming seemed like a challenge.... and those 5A stick's seemed to weigh a ton. Well after that I decided to tweak around on photoshop for a bit.....wow you know you're bored when huh? Well I actually dunno why but lately I've started to like to fiddle around with computer drawing programs. I took a shot @ graffiti-ing w/ photoshop. Looked kinda weird, I can draw decent C's, but my L's, A's, and R's are TERRIBLE. While doing that I was talking on MSN, chatting w/ Maisie about speech impediments...dunno how I got onto that topic....and sent out my mediocre attempt at graffiti-ing to some of my friends.  "Mmm...interesting" Said maisie.... and Jason said "What the Hell? I have Photoshop?" Yes....my screenshot was taken in photoshop, and somehow I fooled Jason into thinking that he owned photoshop. Smart kid huh =P. Well after that I played some SC (starcraft if you haven't caught on from my previous entries) and then ate and left for UCC. Friday....haven't done any breaking in over 3 weeks. But just before I left, I got a call from Wendy. Apparently tomorrow we have a HYPE meeting. Short notice...and this sorta ruins my Snowboarding ambition for tomorrow. Was gonna meet up @ Boler w/ Marcello n' Scott but guess not now. Guess I have to wait till next week. Well I guess in a way it was for the best. I don't have my contacts yet anyways....and I can barely see like 5 feet in front of me....in detail. Well now I guess i'll be headed to LCAC for HYPE. Now I'm leaving for UCC.  Well I got there around 6:50 ish. Saw some UWO people and then Steve, Sergei, Mike, and Evan. Today I just decided to work on crickets (really needed em back) and turbles (need those too). Somehow accidentally I pulled off 3 or 4 hops of dark hammers.....so now I know I do have the ability to do them. Steve said my airchairs getting better. Personally I really wanna be able to grab my toes when im doing airchair. Right now im still like i dunno 10 inches away from doing it. Dan, Mike, Anton, and Jonny came to around 7:15ish. I was surprised that Dan could almost hold airchair now. Not bad for only 4 months. Anton felt sick so he just slept. Mike is slowly still attempting turtles.....he is gettin better and Jonny.....well he can handstand which I was surprised. Before Christmas he could barely hold himself up with his hands. Pulled off one decent elbow freeze in a battle...and tried a mediocre attempt at crickets. Honestly having a battle near the end of session isn't the best time for me....by now I'm like dead tired. But yah I ended up leaving at around 9:30 or so....supposed to meet dad @ Alumni @ 9:15 for a ride so you can see I was already late.  Well now....it's around 10:30 and I'm home. Finished careers project. I'll just add some finishing touches on it sometime. But for now I'm fine. Got presentation on OpenOffice.org finished, and all I need are pics now. Wow CGA pics. I can maybe like get a computer....or a desk from Staples. WAH! SO EXCITING! And I guess I'll be attempting graffiti again w/ Adobe Photoshop. Lates. *Post post....shoam.*  
     

    



       
       1/8/04   E-z goin day... I deserve one after this week =P   WOW.....for once I had a relaxing day. Well w/ exams coming up and stuff, I guess it isn't really exactly relaxing. I'm right now pretty stressed w/ the math mid terms comin up next wednesday. I am kinda thankful that I was only one of four people yesterday that put their hands up to have bio test next week......I would be totally burned out. But yah, now I have a math midterms comin up......plus I gotta do my careers project. So much crap....so little time. Well today wasn't too bad though.....History was same old....BORING, same as careers.....School seems to have plummeted since Grade 9....last year was somewhat exciting sometimes with Mr. Rice as a geo teacher. Guess having a geo teacher that once worked @ Yuk Yuk's really pays off.  When I got home today.....Ugh shoveling the stupid snow. Well that kileld bout 30 mins, then came in and ate some stuff. Mmmmmm..........peanut butter sandwhich.............dunno why but I've got hooked on that stuff lately. Well yah after that I kinda napped for a bit.....got really bored.  Honestly, school days suck for a Gr. 10 There's almost nothing to do....with homework n stuff in your way. I'm lucky my piano lessons don't actually start till this Saturday....oh crap which reminds me I can't go snowboarding till after 1pm. Ugh.  Well afterwards I surfed net a bit, played some online gaming, then watched the pathetic leafs game against the Sens. First, Sundin didn't play that could've been a factor to their gruesome 7-1 loss, or maybe cuz Kidd is the crappiest goalie since Cujo. Both ways, while the Leafs were struggling, I was sitting on the couch laughing at their crappy game. Who cares if they were in 1st. Anaheim was in 8th last year for the playoffs and they made Detroit look like the Penguins.  Hmm.........well I did get a 256 meg card for my D-Cam. Shweet.........now i can actually take more than 10 photos=P. What a feat for a camera.... well my camera at least. Well this could be a motivation....dunno why but lately I've come to take an interest in imaging w/ Adobe. Actually I started this frenzy during August but I didn't know how to use the program. Then bout two days ago I decided to figure out a few things, and the images didn't turn out that bad. Tommy and Josh said they are decent. Hopefully I can maybe make a web layout sometime soon or sometin. But yeah, don't know why but for some reason imaging has been kinda amusing these last few days. Beats doing math homework or somethin. And now for once I'm gonna go try to sleep earlier than usual. So g'nite....and I'll blog more tomorrow. Whoo hoo.......Friday! That means last day of school for the week......and also I can try to get my crickets back for breaking. Maybe I can also practice mills...er attempt to do more than one......connected.
     

    



       
       1/7/04   7 days of blogging. Oh yeah, Hell's been freezin over for a while   Well......it's been a week of  blogging......and I still haven't missed a day of blogging yet. Wow do I feel proud right now.....I've actually stay commited to something =P. Well today was day 3 now of REALLY cold days. Apparently these 3 days in London have all been around -25 with windchill. COLD. But yah n e who.....today actually wasn't that bad though.....school wise n stuff......some interesting stuff happened.  Well one thing was it was wednesday, which means my day lasts from 6am (gr 10 band) until 9pm (Theory class). Well yah today I got to band......dead tired.....first time in 4 weeks we've had to do that....how I miss the wednesdays where I woke up @ 1......and did usual crap....ate, dressed, u know......and rushed to school. Wow. Only about 3/4 of band was there. band was actually not that long today.....usual crap....new songs......mr. clark bitching about the smallest mistake. "YOU MADE THE DOWNBEAT HALF A MILISECOND EARLY." That kinda crap.  Well after that grueling hour, it was time for.........MUSIC. oh how I hate day 2's. Wednesday day 2's I spend over 2 hours straight in stupid music room........grr.........sucks. We had our usual stuff.....technical stuff....then some theory......then annoucements. For some reason music goes by pretty slow now....with da new sub Mr. McCumbern or sometin. We've already had over 4 sub teachers this year. He used to teach at Banting or sometin......but anyways he's a pretty crappy teacher. N e who, announcements came on....blah blah.....then off to science.  HOLY CRAP WAS IT BORING! We watched a "quiz movie." I dunno wat the heck the teacher's federation thinks of or whatever da hell made the movie. You watch some A.D.D. retard for almost 40 minutes talking about clouds.....then 10 quiz questions come up.......what da hell ever happened to the teacher actually standing up there and teaching? Slackers.....they seem to find newer and newer ways to slack off. One of these days they're prolly gonna pay a student to do the teaching, or something. Maybe they'll dump school in the future. Wouldn't that be nice? A whole generation of illiterate children. WHOO HOO!=P  Lunch was to cold to go out........seriously I mite sometimes think cold isn't cold......but minus twenty-five is damn cold. I had to stay in n e ways though.......had a bio quiz next period. Was thinkin bout playing ball but half da gym was taken. And the ball half only one net was working. So I ended up working in the library....not so great, but yah I slept early last nite, so I didn't really do n e homework. Ended up watching Tv, drumming, and playing some Sc for the night. Beats bio.  Well Biology class was usual. Lecturing w/ ms. wiener's annoying "fallowing's" instead of following and other really retarted speech impediments. But we also had a quiz. Wasn't too pleased. Boring, n stuff. Oh yeah, I started to read the book "Left Behind" in this class. I heard from lots of people it's a good book....english teacher, church people, then Rachel Brown told me too who sits behind me. Apparently if it's the same Rachel Brown Calfun knows she's a Christian too. She said the book is ok, 2nd one sucks. Apparently there's like 9 books or sometin in the series now. I don't see how they can prolong the end of the world that long. But yah so far isn't bad. Some people are in a plane........people disappear...their personal items still lying around on the plane. Pilot panics, radios ground......finds out it happened all over the world. People in plane are panicking also. Yah right at the beginning of the book...Chaos. You kno it's a good book when. Then at the end of 4th, for some reason over 40 kids were called down to the office.....and all of em were in gr 10. I wouldn't know what was going on till the end of the day.  English class, since it is the most retarted class in the Ontario curriculum, I'll just summarize briefly. We had a work period for our revolution projects, where we are doing Chinese revolution. We didn't do much. Ended up talking most of the time. We just tried doing some relating w/ Animal Farm and how it was like any other revolution. But yah that was basically it. Teacher also said my book's good. But like I said that's it. Oh yah also........j/k that actually is it.  Well when I got home, I found out what happened after fourth. Jason told me his whole class revolted when Mr McKelvey moved the civics exam from 21st or sometin like that to Friday. "Mr Mckelvey?" "Yes?" "You're an Asshole." Someone said that according to Jason. So they sent a petition to Mr. Scanlon, and they won back their right to have it on original date somehow. I was surprised school actually has freedom, er freedom of speech. But yah that was main reason why almost 35 kids were called down to the office and all of em were in Grade 10. I'd like to do that with my careers presentation.....move it to after exams or somethin.  Well I got home, ate Gung Jai Mein.......mmmmmmmmmm.........fooooood. And then after that I drummed for a bit. Slept. Played Sc for a bit....really boring after playing it for 2 days it sucks.  Well I went to Theory @ 8.  Now I am sitting at home blogging. Wow......Ju Pah for dinner....almost forgot lol....wow this joke has been going around in LCAC for almost like 2 years. Funny how it came about. Well anyways I'm out now.......gonna go do some h/w and watch some TV maybe. *Zing*
     

    



       
       1/6/04   4th day and running of having 7 hours of sleep or less   Well, now its come to that since my house has no coffee......tea is my source of caffeine. I think I'm gonna turn out to be one of those caffeine addicts soon. Well not much happened at school today. Same as usual.....history,careers, math, then comps. REAL boring. Slept through most of 2nd half of day. Wow.....we get notified about exams.....who cares.........school is so boring right now.  Well while doing my stupid english project, I learned a few interesting things. One, since im doing the Chinese Communist revolution, I found out that Mao somehow thought there was a government called "Democracy Dictatorship."   Well yeah today was pretty frickin boring. I came home and played one of the longest games ever on SC with Jason. Josh did play but he went to play gunbound after a while. I still can't figure how the heck a game like gunbound can be so addictive. It's like that old school game scorched earth, but with better graphics and you can actually see the difference between a tank and a walking doo hicky thing. Weird. I think I'll stick with my tea drinking here............if i had coffee wow life would be much better.  Well Imma head out now......gotta do a crapload of bio crap still...........so yah and i wanna sleep 2nite.....try to get more than 6 hours.
     

    



       
       1/5/04   Summarize: CRAPPY DAY   Yes....today sucked. And im really tired....so here's the summary of my day:  -woke up -hygeine crap -ate -ran out door -went to school -music found out i have a new music teacher -science: sucked like usual.....experiment was cool though.....a baloon expanded from air pressure......it was cool. -lunch: ate subway @ galleria. -Bio....interesting.......i now realize that Bio somehow makes me fall alseep all the time....wonder why. -English....found out we got a seminar and exam this month. bummer -Stage band X practice........well it was more of a talk today than playing -me and Nick Saika tried helping some dude push a truck that was BOKAN!. didn't work. -Got home (its about 4:00 by now) -went on comp for a bit -slept -woke up @ 9 -did some homework -chatted for a bit on MSN -typed up emailed prayer requests. -mailed em (its around 12 now) -Now im going to SLEEP!  That is all. HAHAHAHAHA! oh yah......looked up on google "AzN," urbandictionary.com is a great site.=P
     

    



       
       1/4/04   BlAST! SKOOL AGAIN!? @(#*&@&*@(&^!   Well.............the Christmas holidays sure wrapped up quick. Two weeks already. And boom. back in my desk tomorrow......er chair for music class........i mean u can't exactly play a trombone w/ a desk in front of you. ANYWAYS.......yah for a last day wasn't too amusing. Had to work on project and stuff......and basically just moped around the house.  Well Worship didn't go bad today. Other than the fact we screwed up one song........the other 5/6 were good......oh yah our response Gavin kinda changed strumming patterns 30 seconds into the song, which made me basically wait until the chorus before i started playing. Sunday School was just sitting around again....played who wants to be a millionare....with Christian questions since we are in a church. It was nice to see some of the UWO kids back today though. Funny, i'll be one of those old people in a matter of 3 years. I CAN'T WAIT TO GET OLD =P.  After  church i ate Dim Sum @ Loang Hing Gok. *Josh if your reading this its LOANG not LUNG or LING or w/e its LOANG* and then Wendy's family came over to look @ my newly renovated........main floor. whoopteedoo.....up till now i think 4800 bux on stupid hardwood flooring is a rip. Oh well but it looks nice I guess. I wish my basement was hardwood flooring.  Anyways......I'm getting terribly lazy about writing emails.......well the memories of 2003 and well the first 4 days of 2004 where there was no school will be in my head for a while.......obviously not forever I mean seriously my long term memory isn't even good enough to remember that "But how the heck can I remember the times tables?" Write more tomorrow. *Ponk*
     

    



       
       1/3/04   Last week of Holidays......Grrr '  Ugh......just to think that school starts in a matter of two days.....GAY GAY GAY GAY GAY! Winter holdays were so relaxing, and now I gotta work again, and do stuff for school.  First thing though, I was pleased to see some people replying to me and josh's 4 page long email about HYPE in 2004.......I was surprised people read it even lol. It's so long........my eyes were burning when I was writing this thing. But yeah it was nice to see basically what people thought....and what they agreed and disagreed with. This is democracy kinda i guess........sorta.  Well today wasn't so bad I guess. I woke up around 11, since I had to start up my careers project and finish a few finishing touches for church OpenOffice presentation tomorrow. Originally I called Gavin and Josh to come over and just hang around.....but josh wouldn't come because he thought 3 hours was kinda pointless. In the end Gavin came over for a bit and we played around on ps2, and watched pirates of the caribbean. Since he brought his guitar, we thought we'd "Jam" for a bit downstairs w/ drums and guitar combo................The AzN Stripes.....Watch out Jack White we gaining real fas *not.* Well honestly we didn't sound TERRIBLE......but we both realized we need more strum patterns for guitar. Funny kinda, throughout watching pirates of the Caribbean....we somehow got really bored, seeing this movie over 10 times, and we started replacing a word's first syllable with the first syllable of "Shmuck." You know, like clock would be "shmock," guitar would be called shmuitar, and modem would be "shmodem," which we cracked out laughing our asses off when we figured out what word it almost sounds like. Oh yeah, and also talking on MSN I told marcello I mite buy Silent Hill 3, and he sorta said was kinda pointless since the game is kinda "scary" i would play it alone and I should just rent it.....that was when i countered with my usual random rants....but this one made sense.......well as a Joke cuz seriously who da hell would play PS2 w/ a cross, clove of garlic and shotgun beside em? yah dat was basically wut i said  back to marcello......like I'd actually do that =P. And after doing that for about an hour and a half came dinner........roast beef=P. Wow it was good.  After he left.....well dat was basically the end of my day.......played some SC, and now im gonna sleep. Geez blogs take so much time....and also so much brainpower to think.
     

    



       
       1/2/04   Exhaustion at it's Max.....For a Holiday kinda Day   Wow. Today I actually woke up before 12pm. Yup, 11am I was up and about around the house. Why? Well first I had to get Vince's guitar for Gavin because him, Josh, Me, Carmen, and Rebecca were doing worship this week. Also, I was really hungry @ 11.....that pizza pop around 3am did jack. Left the house around 12:55 after lunch....and a cup of caramilk hot chocolate *Where can I get those?"  and picked up the guitar and amp. Then after picking up Carmen......we were on our way to the church to pick songs and practice for Sunday morning. Well Gavin was the first one to arrive.....waiting for us at the front. We would all then go in, and wait for Josh. I decided to dribble around a basketball and sit on the comp @ church for a bit surfing da net while waiting for Josh to come. He would arrive around 15 minutes late....or somethin like that, and we would end up starting practice around 3ish.  Today's practice seemed different though. I don't know if it was because of the hot chocolate, new year, or just a word of prayer before actual rehearsal, but practice ran really smooth today. We started off with a "Mini" Bible study....getting info out of the passage read, and seeing what songs could fit this week's theme (Promise of God's Help). We would get out some theme words like justice, love, mercy, and a few others which I seem to have difficulty remembering right now.....short term memory. Bah! Like it even exists. We then chose some songs.........which turned to be difficult but wasn't chaotic, and would eventually manage to choose six main pieces and one response piece. Oh yeah, Josh was eating out of his bag of cancer while we were doing this (McD's.....seriously you don't think it's food right?). I was already pretty tired out by Five, where we had a break for a bit. I was starving and raided da fridge where I would find chicken fingers.......BUT THEY AREN'T MICROWAVABLE! SERIOUSLY WTH!? They make microwavable pasta which is frickin disgusting yet food that isn't really food......more of a carb substitute they force you to bake. Why don't they make foods that are supposed to be healthy stay healthy.....and not shove it in a microwave safe box and zap it for however da hell many minutes it tells you to. First it tastes like crap and who really want's to eat microwaved tomato sauce? Kinda defeats the purpose of gourmet Italian dining.  We'd finish doing rehearsal around 630....ish. Wow......dinner was good..........Tofu......mmmmmmmmmmm.........beef........mmmmmmmm...............and of course Rice....mmmm. Food is good. Eventually I'd decide to go to Roger's Video and rent two movies. Saw Pirates of the Caribbean (Again) and Bowling for Columbine...which I always thought would be a gay movie till I saw it. Really points out facts you'd never realize....like why da heck Americans seem to think the answer of why their country is violent is because of a bloody history. Seriously, it looks like a drip of ketchup compared to British, Japanese, German, or Chinese history. Some of these wars......er revolutions last over 500 years and the Americans seem to brag and bitch about a 1 year revolution and seem to think it's the largest amount of bloodshed ever to occur. Oh yeah I really liked da brief history they made in that movie too........that was hilarious! Watching the Americans seeming to have some new fear introduced to them every decade. It doesn't exactly have a theme......more of sadness......relieved w/ comedy......then raised questions like why the heck do Americans always think that guns n ammo are the only way to solve problems. Ever heard of diplomats? Meh guess not, since they seem to still be convinced after almost a year that Saddam has WMD's even though they haven't been able to find any trace of one. Also not every building in Africa makes nuclear weaponry......some of them do make things we use like Aspirin. Smart idea bombing a legal drug factory.  Gonna sleep bit earlier tonight........and I still hate the time this stupid blogger runs by........it's around 2am and this stupid website seems to think in eastern time zone it's only 10pm. Well im out. Actually gonna sleep early for once.
     

    



       
       1/2/04   First day of New Years: Work and some Chillin   Well, after the party ended @ 3am, I went home, talked on MSN for a bit, then went through a relaxing 10 hours of sleep.......oooh yes.....sleeping from 4am-2pm sure kicks ass.............sometimes. Well after waking up from a phone call from Gavin, I decided to haul my butt outta bed, did all da morning stuff, then headed downstairs for a lunch of porkchop *mmmmm.......porkchop* and of course.......the best substitute for potato.......rice. Well afterwards, decided to start up my careers project......finished one slide of presentation when Josh then called. Wanted to know if I could head to his house for a bit to hang out n stuff. Went. Wasn't bad......played some NFSU........eventually butchered the game in dragging into Tony Hawk imitation One with stunts like 360's and flying into a tunnel roof then ramming into a pole. Yeah, doesn't match up exactly to Tony Hawk, but closest you can get with stock Volkswagen Jetta GTI's.  Well, after that, we played a bit of fooseball. I lost to Josh when he played one handed. Yes I know I am pretty pathetic at fooseball, but meh, last time I played it was in August=P. Well my dad ended up picking me up around 6:30 or so.........in a truck. Oh yes, driving in a freight truck, realizing you are as tall as a house.....pretty exciting compared to sitting in a Mazda MPV for most of my drives around town. We went to pick up dinner at Golden Dragon *which by the way is probably the best Chinese Food joint in town* and wow.......i bump into my aunt, uncle, and cousin *I think Kora was her name or something like that.* Well, after talking to them for a bit, and paying for our food....we are on our way home......until my dad realized he's till in his truck and you can't really fit that thing in a residential area that well. So he dropped me off first, and the food, and then drove back to Ah Jau to pick up his car and park his truck.  Mmmmmmmm..........after dinner.....dinner was soooo good. Grandma and Uncle John came over. I just sat downstairs working on my careers project and talking about some HYPE issues with Josh. Eventually we both agreed to send out a e-mail to everyone about our aims and hopes for the fellowship this year. Also, I finally got the theme for the service this Sunday. Now I gotta find some music to go with this theme....."Promise of God's Help." Trying a hefty bit of brand new songs, no typical "Forever" or "Now That You're Near." That's the only problem I find with doing worship for service.....your choice of songs kinda runs dry after a while......I really don't know how those UWO kids find so many songs.....I struggle to find 5.  Well after finishing the 4 page long email *combined both my part and Josh's* we emailed it out. I had some trouble at first because hotmail is the most retarted email program in the world. Wouldn't even tell me what was wrong I had to find out commas don't work that well in email addresses. After that....meh decided to play some Starcraft *Old School Game* with some friends. Now......hmm.......it's around 2:40am. Gonna eat sometin, read up devos.....then probably sleep. I actually have to wake up before noon tomorrow. Have to pick up Vince's guitar and then pick up Carmen. Praise Team singing practice tomorrow. I REALLY need a drum teacher, or take the time to make up some new beats.
     

    



       
       1/1/04   Fresh start to a Prosperous year (Well kinda fresh start)   Who woulda thought.....2003 really zoomed by. And already, it's 2004. Well......2003 was kinda a flash. I can barely remember what happened in 2002 and what in 2003. All I remember is a flash of movies, some kick ass sitcoms *Family Guy* and of course.......I got my PS2 this year ^_^. But of course, there were also the deficits of this year, like when the winter was short as hell *not as bad as right now though*. But snowboarding was still good. Then came summer. I started to breakdance a little bit again, and also I tried out some basketball. I've come to like it alright now. Overall I thought 2003 wasn't that bad of a year, even though there was SARS, blackout 2003, Mad cow disease.......the list of crap that happened to us this year goes ON and ON and ON. And who can forget Bush's efforts to take over half of Asia? What's next? Meh......either Iran or Saudi Arabia I bet. But in a way I suppose it could be a good thing......least supposedly we don't have to "worry" about WMD's hitting our borders anymore.  Well, spiritually, TC really did boost up my Christian walk. I mean honestly I've never really realized how important religion was until this year. Even though I only got to go one day of TC, personally I think my spiritual growth has really skyrocketed this year, with the forming of HYPE and being able to bring three new members to our english service that are around our age, I think that this year is an indicator that 2004 will be more successful. Also, relationships within our church I find have grown also, as there seems to be less hostilities than ever this year between the youths at my church, which of course is a good sign.  Yeah, so overlooking 2003, it was a good year, ending off with a nice party at Carmen's house, and of course kicking off the new year of 2004. Well the year sure kicked off for me really well......countdown just finishes, everyone's downstairs either sober or half-drunk....all of a sudden I get the TV remote. Then after channel surfing for about 30 seconds Lo and Behold.......I kick off my year by flicking to Porno by accident and with everyone just staring at a 60" gargantuan projector screen. Weirded out. Well yup this will be going down in my personal history until.....well I guess something else happens *maybe next year I'll accidentally tape it over a family video Idea courtesy of Jason* AND JOSH WOULDN'T MOVE. Oh well, it would all be forgotten *well not exactly but no one talked about it* after we saw Finding Nemo, which I have to admit was a well done movie for Disney. Geez that company's been unstoppable this year.....with Pirates of the Caribbean, Nemo, some other movie about bears, and all those stupid "exclusive" DVD's that no one would even give a crap about. For 2004, I guess I just hope that this year there won't be as many negative things happening in this world....and maybe hopefully see some more positive things. Also, I'm hoping to make it to both days of TC instead of one. I think that's basically my new year's resolution right there. Yeah I know, it isn't the biggest resolution, but it'll take more than being sick from "Da Been Lo" to keep me from going to day 2 this year =P(It's almost been a year and well whadya know I still haven't forgot it). Well obviously I have high hopes for HYPE to keep on growing, both spiritually and in size, and another thing I'm hoping for this year is probably that the church may grow also. And for myself.........I want to try to finish all my community hours and also I want my own frickin TV in my room. Heh, funny......parents said they would get me a cell phone in october and LOOK NOW...........TWO THOUSAND FREAKING FOUR and I'm still stuck here with a quarter and calling card. Grr..............Oh well, I have bigger fish to fry.....probably too many.....LCD screen, speakers, photo printer, Adidas shell toes.......wow the list goes on and on for stuff I want for 2004.  Well, now's about the time where I sleep, make a few thoughts about whether I really will be commited enough to blog everyday, and think of ways to make life interesting. Well I'm off to sleep now.......Happy New Year to everyone......wow I can't wait till Chinky New Year now.....that's probably a holiday that beats new year. $$$,food, and alcoholic drinks........beats food and just alcoholic drinks at new years. 
     

    



       
       2/29/04   Leap Year Day Blog! Exclusive every four years! So Read SHMUCK!   ONE DAY, ONE DAY, ONE DAY ONLY! This is the one and only unique.........LEAP YEAR DAY BLOG! Ehehehe.......or not. Hmm......what's so great about leap year anyways? Just wastes more time.....and makes your year one day longer. And like I said before it postpones TC. Grr. But it was a pretty good day still....got a few things done........and had Adrian over for a bit. And of course church in the morning...which was actually pretty amusing today. I liked today's day in church a lot  ^_^. I actually heard more than 70% of it today lol. It was a good message too.....about pressing onward towards a goal......like........football, well that was the analogy that Pastor Mackness used. but more on that after the beginning of my day......  Make this short.......Woke up, ate, picked up Jason, and we are well on our way to church.  Today at english service.....well Gavin had to do worship alone. Though many of us did offer to help out.....well none of us were really prepared....so he flew solo today. Did a decent job too.....until he kinda played 3/4 time for a 4/4 time song. Gavin's as good as subdividing as he is at badminton (BURN!). Just kiddin' man I know I'm worse lol. Well today's message was about "Pressing onward toward the goal," which if I didn't hear wrong the goal being heaven. Well I think it is at least. Pastor Mackness used sports a lot in his analogies today.....which really caught my attention ^_^. He talked about football......about how the offence has to press onward towards the endzone to achieve their goal, and also how they can start from anywhere, but their goal is still the same. They will also meet obstacles on the way, and sometimes it may even take 3 plays on the goal line before the touchdown comes. But the point is.......we are still aiming for the goal, and if we are strong enough *look at this from football or spiritually* we will break through all obstacles and succeed. He also talked about runners too.....especially about the one in the 60's that had a childhood in legbraces *think her name was Wilma or sometin* and in the end she was the 100m champion in the Olympics. But yeah service seemed so short today......it actually passed by real well. I then talked to Pastor Mackness about his sermon. Think I said a few words too many like "Today's sermon I liked....normally your other ones are kinda you know.....boring ehehe" OOps=P. I meant it in an encouraging way heehehe.....k yeah I was pretty cornered by then......mentally lol. Well after that went downstairs to chat for a bit...like usual and for some snacks after service.  Hmm......we really just chatted around.......then class started. Talked a lot about school. Mostly about how Gr. 10 math is retarted.....and how U of Waterloo apparently has a Biotechnology/Chartered Accountancy course? HUH? I was pretty confused then lol. And then to class.  Class lesson today........we learned about different names that God has had throughout history.....Jehovah, Elohim, under Jehovah there were A LOT of names. Hmm......Sarah *Pow Pow* came again today.....that was good to see. She kinda fell asleep.....but least she made the effort to come. I guess attention in class will come in time. Rome wasn't built in one day as they say =P.  Well then took Jason home, and had lunch. My afternoon of going to buy some new shoes maybe plus maybe a few new clothes was kinda foiled when no one could give me a lift lol. So I improvised w/ comp and some SC. Talked to Lindsay and Company on MSN for a while lol. Did some pre planning for next saturday lol since it takes us friggin forever to plan sometin. Then called Adrian over for a bit......well from 5-9 lol. Did lots of stuff. Silent Hill 3 *which we got scared shitless at some parts* played some NFSU, DDR w/ controller *not mat* and tried to mix songs w/ PCDJ. Meh....wasn't that bad. Oh yeah also got him a copy of sc=P.  So yeah today wasn't all that bad. I mean I pre planned for the week, chilled with Age, went to church, and of course.......blogged. So yeah I'm out for the night........Later. G'nite.
     

    



       
       2/28/04   Blasted Leap year postponing TC...Bah.   It's unfortunate how much difference one day can make. I was at my piano lesson today and when I read the date "February 28th" I thought SWEET TOMORROW'S MARCH! Wait.........is it a leap year? D'OH! *Ugh* Now I gotta wait an extra 24 hours for TC. It's actually a really exciting time. Other than the fact I can escape this blasted hicktown that I live in.....well a "city" in Canadian standards, but also just the fact that going to a conference w/ so many other Christians....really is an awesome feeling. But other than that....my Saturday was pretty mellow.......not exciting......or boring........but.....so-so.  Due to piano practice.......I had to wake up earlier than usual. But I had some of THE most peculiar dreams ever. Unfortunately I don't remember the dreams that well now......but I just remember waking up and going.....=S. This is why I should write out an outline for my blog earlier in the day maybe lol. Some thing I want to put in......never get put in. Dreams to me are vital. They do so much in life. If it weren't for dreams we could never imagine the unimaginable. Also they can poise so many questions in life. If I remember correctly....I think it was another dream about our church in the future. Hmm...Deja Vu? or if there's a French term for "same subject of dreaming twice in a row?" *Shrug* I think that I think just a wee bit too much on that subject. But there's some food for thought on what I think a lot about.....dreams. Maybe I've been influenced by the Joseph in the Bible...the dream interpreter I mean not the one that Mary was married to.....or maybe I just like to think about things like this.  Well after 60 minutes of playing the piano *I ACTUALLY PLAYED MORE THAN 200 MINUTES THIS WEEK!* I had well.....brunch. Snow peas have become a fav food of mine now. I'm not a vegetarian....but I'm a fan of veggies. I'd prefer Chicken Caesar over Steak. Wait scrap that hell no I'll just prefer it over a burger......steak is another story lol. And I realize chicken is a meat. But yeah had some of that w/ some beef......and of course the universal food that goes with anything.....Rice. And some milk instead of tea for once. So yeah after that it was off to piano.....where I'd realize that this year's a leap year *crappage.*  Well a different twist in cars too. Dad took a test drive of the Kia Sorento *mid-size SUV from the imitation Hyundai company.* Actually the car's not horrible. The interior I like a lot.....but I still hate the name brand. It's kinda like how I prefer the Mazda Tribute over the Ford Escape though they are the EXACT same car almost. Different names though =P. But the Kia isn't bad at all. It was actually a decent car. But off to piano now...  Piano was alright. I've decided to do Gr. 8 exam next January. And apparently Mrs. Mitsis has a whole plan to have me conquer Gr. 8 and 9 piano in one year. I would do grade 8 exam in January.......work my ass off until June and then do my Gr. 9 exam in June. Possible? Yes? Great chances of it happening? Maybe. Doing all that and still succeeding in theory and school? That will require some thinking lol. But I'm thinking this could work.....WHO NEEDS GR. 11 MARKS IN SCHOOL =P. Me. Yes Shut up I realize that I need both.  Well when I got home..........I started "planning" to go to Masonville w/ Caitlin, Rebecca, Sarah, Lindsay, and well.....Hammond. Hammond didn't really help at all though probably caused more chaos than good lol. Well originally it was either movie or just chill @ the mall......but the Hammond added we hang out at his place. So we would spend 30 minutes figuring out which one to do.......then in the end I kinda thought "Hmm.......it's 2:30.......dun really wanna just go do sometin for an hour and a half and then go home" so I kinda dropped out. But in the end...Sarah couldn't go to the mall anyways since she had to babysit....so it was down to two choices.....Hammond's or Mall. Hmm........then it went to one.....but that was after another 30 minutes. Hammond finally actually asked if we could go to his place and the answer: No. So yeah.....this kinda pissed off a few of us, the fact that we spent an hour deciding over nothing basically. So yeah...in the end only the girls went. Oh yeah and lesson learned from that: When planning w/ Lindsay, Rebecca, Sarah and Caitlin plus Hammond......PLAN 7 DAYS AHEAD!  Well so I stayed on MSn a bit. Made plans to throw around the football on the street w/ Patrick for a bit. But before that......talked to Jenn and Gerty on MSN for a bit. Yeah recalled TC memories......and Jenn convinced Gerty to use Friendster. Lol Jenn seemed to have some competition w/ "Joe I convinced Gerty to use Friendster you lose!" I didn't realize there was a competition but in that case........Blast I lost. Wow look at that emotion.....*zzZZZzz.* But yeah good times........can't wait to meet up w/ them, Ju and everyone else from TC again this March Break. Wonder if I'll even see em @ TC....I mean 500 people....might be kinda hard to find em......=P. Hmm then again I wonder how many Asians really wear Adidas tracksuits lol. Referring to me by the way you slow shmucks.  And then I went to hang out w/ Patrick. Threw around the football then played some PS2. True Crime can be kinda fun when you're bored lol. We kinda just ran around the city doing random drive-by's, roadkilled some people and imitated the movie "Speed." You know the one w/ Keanu Reeves, some chick and they are struggling to keep a bus going so it won't explode? Yeah we imitated that lol.......but failed miserably when we rolled down a hill because apparently.......buses don't have enough horsepower to make it up a hill lol. And I decided to try a Jackie Chan maneuvre by jumping off a freeway.....but kinda got foiled when my dude died hitting the ground. So yeah did that and then went to Wendy's.....then HYPE.   Wendy's not much to say. Well she dyed her hair again......it's red now. She kinda was gettin peeved at me not noticing.....eheheheheheh sorry 'bout that by the way Wendy but yeah.......she kinda got mad at me for that =P. Ehehehehe=D. Well after that........I quickly ate.....waited around for dad and then me and Jason got driven to church.  Tonight we had.....well a spiritual version of Sex Ed. It.........was kinda weird. I guess I'd never think about having a thing like that at a church........but......well.......it kinda "flowed" along. Well before that...I got the crap scared out of me by Pastor Mackness when I was going down the stairs *Can pastors scare the living daylights out of a church member? lol* and also we had a few exciting games of chess. We butcher the game so bad it's not even funny. Well first game I sorta took over a evened out game between Gavin and Calvin....then kinda made it one sided for myself when I kinda slaughtered Calvin's army....er "army." Then the first game against Jason. Offense never beats Defense =P, as I would show in Game 1 as I absolutely killed Jason. But 2nd game......well technically I lost........pointwise but we aren't playing by that are we hehe. So yeah.........I lost all my pieces......cept my King and Jason still had King, Queen, and a Knight. he still never checkmated me lmao. Our game stopped when Pastor Mackness stopped us for the fellowship to officially commence. Oh yeah and the others had a seriously pathetic game of Twister lol.  The video......was featuring an American woman. She had an awesome message though. And her charisma reminds me of that motivational speaker we had this year at the beginning in September. She had some jokes......but also her message was really serious. It was about how intercourse is really a gift from God that shouldn't be altered from its status. In simplified terms......don't do it until after marriage. It's really benefiting though in the end I guess....won't have to go through all the annoying crap @ 30 when you're only 15, 16, etc. So really its saving you trouble. Heh and she also brought up another subject, the fact that after sex girls and guys care WAAAY more about pregnancy than something like STD's. And how abortion can bite you in the ass........she told a story about how some girl had abortion......but while they were taking out the baby they kinda pulled out her intestinal tract by accident *shudder* or sometin like that and the fact she was hemorraging afterwards, and had to go through ER. Now she can't have kids or go the the bathroom properly. That kinda gave me the creeps. But yeah there were a few funny jokes she told.......like the one about how she used to always wonder why teens seem to not understand the concept of sex w/ only your marriage partner and after marriage......but then again the President of the United States seems to not understand this "complicated" concept either. This video I'm guessin was made in 98 when Bill Clinton had the affair w/ Lewinsky. Dissed by his own country's citizen on a worldwide video. Ouch=P.  Well got home now.......and I am blogging. This one might not be THAT exciting....but *shrug.* Like I said it was just another average day. But yeah...........13 days and counting before March break.....and 18 more days until Senior TC 2004. WHOO! Lates.
     

    



       
       2/27/04   A Relaxing Friday after a Stressed out week........shweet   FINALLY! As if it hasn't came slow enough. This week was one of THE slowest weeks I've ever had. Though it was slow, it still did have its good times. The week after Huntsville......LOTS OF PICTURES! Some of them were hilarious too. Saw a pic of me and Mitch where I was catapulted almost from it, and also we the mass pics of the rock paper scissor wars. It was overall a good week. Good recovery from Huntsville. I liked the week. Entertaining, fun, and of course work *shudder.* But it all ended off with a pretty good friday. Though I'm still horrible at windmills, I've found a new move to try working on: Inverts=P. But I need new pics for breaking, and also I need to get windmills. Argh. But anyways off to the beginning of my Friday first.  Got to school around 8:10, so basically I went straight to music. Saw some people there already, and looked at some Huntsville Pics. I think they were Rebecca's pics. Also made fun of Thompson and his crummy piano playing. But yeah today was usual, played music, Mr. McCumber I think had therapy or something.....he hasn't got mad in two days. NO WAY! Oh yeah and saw Mrs. Wharton. She's coming back after March Break. WHOO!!!!!!! YAY! FINALLY! ONLY 5 MORE CLASSES OF McCUMBER OPPRESSION! 5 MORE CLASSES OF DICTATORSHIP.......BEFORE ONCE AGAIN BEING........umm............well a NICER DICTATORSHIP! WHOO! And then to science.  Did a physics test today. I'm actually kinda considering turning to sciences for my University career, cuz I do get decent marks in it, and it does kinda beat number crunching. But basically today we had a test, and I think I did ok on it.  Lunch....went to Jaspers, I think I scared Eddie w/ my cheap imitation of him.....with the "Hi Joe............." well yeah instead of that it's now "Hi Eddie................." OK n/m lol. Anyways yeah, chatted w/ Thompson mostly, since we kinda ditched the others when they wanted to go to some crap sub place for lunch, and yeah talked to Monica a bit.....and the person she went out for lunch with........Krutika her name? Pretty cool name actually. Well me and Thompson left early, and we kinda saw Jaime Christian walking back to school, so chatted with him for a bit. Apparently Justin Deyell thinks he's the BIG MAN now since he dissed Thompson with one of THE cheapest shots ever. Well today Thompson couldn't find this motor thing for the Vibraphone, and when he said "I can't find it" Justin mutters "your penis." HA. Ha. ha. NOT! Geez if Justin ever gets to read this entry......YOUR JOKES SUCK! WOW...........that's real original isn't it. Wow he's 'bout the biggest smurf I've ever met. Honestly.....he coulda at LEAST said it to Thompson's face. Might have had A WEE BIT of effect....like Thompson whooping that kid's sorry ass. Honestly if you're gonna diss someone with a crap diss like that.....at least go up to them and say it. But all in all....yeah dude *Justin Deyell* Get a life.  And then off to bio. It was a pretty fun class today. Day 1 of presentations. The people did the Lymphatic system. Unfortunately they had some technical difficulties w/ the powerpoint presentation *Tommy they used powerpoint* and couldn't get it on the big screen. So they improvised with a long video, and one of the members of the group lecturing about the Lymphatic system. I tried helping too, but I failed to get it to work =(. Yay for my techie skillz. Boo.  And English we read, and was reminded about the upcoming book report.......and yeah that's basically it.  I'm blogging as fast as I can today because I still gotta practice my cheese piano, so bear with this lame blog. I'm gonna MAYBE get 5 hits from this blog probably lol. Well anyways.......  Dan came over after school........we chilled, got LOTS of food, and just talked about random crap. And played PS2. DDR......I BEAT HIM IN ONE SONG! Forgot which one BUT I BEAT HIM! AMAZING! Practice for the DDR Competition tomorrow...........on a controller? Meh. Lol. Dan should enter the DDR competition though......he's actually really good for a grade 9 kid. But he says he'll "consider." Hmm what else.........OH YEAH! We totally fooled Calvin over MSN lol. We were both on MSN, and we were talking to Calvin, and somehow convinced him we were at two different houses. Got him goin on with that for almost........30 minutes? Yeah it was pretty funny =P. Sad how he couldn't figure out I was typing for the both of us. Sad Calvin just sad lol. And then UCC.  There were a few of us @ Session today. Calvin came too. Steve, Igor, Spencer, Stefan, Mike, Evan, Joseph *FuFu if I spelled it right* and some other people.  Well anyways today I still have crappy millz, Lost most of my power moves, but I still have Handstand Hops ^_^. And I still need to work on the following:  -Millz -Turtles(Smooth them out) -Smooth out crickets -Airchair -Inverts*NEW* -Tabletop to forearm to handstand to hops *MY YEAR GOAL OTHER THAN WINDMILLS* -Footwork -........  OK YOU GET THE POINT! I HAVE TO WORK ON EVERYTHING BASICALLY! ESPECIALLY STYLE! I've come to the conclusion of I HATE FRIGGIN POWER MOVES! But I like to try inverts....fun move. Had to leave early today though so I can rush home to still do retarted piano lessons.  And now.....talking on MSN......and blogging. Lindsay and em are over at Sarah L's right now.........Karaokeing? *Sigh* I thought only my family still did that lol. But nope.........apparently it's pretty popular among lots of people now. Makes me kinda want to get Karaoke Revolution lol. But yeah........I heard much about their desperate struggle to get it to work w/ the TV *How hard is it?* and heard much about.........their boredom of being on MSN......impatience w/ hooking up the Karaoke......and Caitlin's Belly flopping *WTH?! Lol.* Anyways yeah..............sooooooooo................ANYWAYS..............  So now.......I must go. But before that.............Hmmm.......To go to the DDR competition? Or not? HMMMMMMM..........................I'll decide later =P. Cya.
     

    



       
       2/26/04   Day Two of being Half Blind.....Fun.   Well by now my eyes are slowly getting back to normal....but that wasn't the situation at 7am. Car ride to school......boy I wish I had bought sunglasses when I had the chance. Basically all lighting is fine right now.....but when I walk outside and the sun reflects.......it's like Calvin's description of walking into STA: GAAAH SO BLINDING! *STA=Lots of white people.* But most of the day wasn't that bad. At least my pupils are almost back to normal size....only cover 2/3 of my iris now instead of 99%. Day was pretty average.....school then home. I was kinda over the top though in math class. And I'll start with my day in 3...2...1...  *BAUNG!*  7:30am: Joe wakes up to another brightly illuminated day. Stupid Sun. GAAAAAAAH HIS EYES ARE IN PAIN! WHAT WILL OUR HERO DO NOW? SUFFER FOR THE NEXT......6 HOURS!*dun dun dun!* Anyways I did usual morning routine.......then got a ride to school. No good music on this morning. Crap on Energy...Crap on FM96...Crap on 103.9...106.9 I never liked...Grace FM....wasn't really in the mood this morning to listen to it. And got to school. And it was blinding. And I'm happy that school's don't have super big windows.  We watched a video on the life of Adolf Hitler today.....since we are doing World War II. Hitler's childhood really sucked. He had a dad that beat him and he didn't have many friends, though he did have high marks in school. And then he got turned down from some Vienna art school many times, fought in WWI, and then some other stuff happened *he got put in jail for a bit.* Then he kinda started WWII. But yeah Hitler never really had a great life. And of course most of us know what happened in WWII. Anyways yeah that was most of history class. Ms. Manson kinda yelled at us because apparently some people were doing work from other classes. Someone needs to calm down o_0. But yeah after that came civics.....between the time switching looked over a few civics notes....well tried and failed miserably.  Civics. First thing Hammond says when he sees my pupils is "Joe are you baked?" No I'm not. We had a quiz...........then talked about our editorial cartoons. Lindsay, me Hammond and Dave were a group. Lindsay failed miserably at talking bout hers so Hammond kinda covered up for her lol. Looked at "Media Spin" afterwards. Looked at the front page of Globe and Mail and London Free Press from Tuesday. I never noticed.......but the headlines are REALLY different. London Free Press talks a lot more about local stuff, while the Globe talks about international. That makes me kinda think twice now when I want to subscribe for newspapers. Comics....or world issues? GAH! These can be difficult things to choose......if Globe and Mail had comics though they would kill London Free Press. And then lunch.  The struggle to walk to Jasper's. When you have dilated eyes. Oooooowwwwwwww......And then ate. Mmmm food. Coffee was REALLY good today. Mixed four different kinds.......and added LOTS of sugar. It was good. ^_^. Thompson  got a pretty nice meal today for only 4.75. A whole breakfast plus a coffee. I had a Bagel. Crap.  Math.......yeah I was wired. VERY wired lol. That pretty much says everything for math. Normally I mean I'll sometimes make a few jokes and laugh a bit...but today was kinda over the edge. I think Mr. Gilbert thought I was probably stoned or something lol. Big Pupils+my stupidity in math class=Debatable Stonedness. Don't worry I wasn't stoned....just very Hyper. lol. Learned something about roots and stuff. With numbers outside of square rooted numbers. Nick and me were pretty confuzzled. Mophead seemed to sorta understand it.  Programming......my project's quality is degrading rapidly. Least my marks are decent...84 in programming. Wee! not much else happened. That was the main climax. I still don't get how Dejan can make his so good. Me and Pokan kinda have the same type of project....except his is NBA and mine's NHL. Lots of people are doing sports. Brandon is also doing Hockey....Original Six.  And home.......bused, talked to Ryan on the bus.........and now I'm at home.  Not much else to say. Upcoming things for tonight: Piano practice and studying for Physics. Later. Yeah like I said today wasn't that excited......just blinding. For me.
     

    



       
       2/25/04   Wee.....I know what it feels like to see far things but not close things!   And of course today was.....EARLY DISMISSAL! Although it was that, I had to spend most of my afternoon at the optometrist......eye examination. Apparently last time she wasn't able to finish everything so I had to make a second appointment. Wow......this waas one of the most messed up eye examinations I've ever had. But first my regular school day. I'll have more on half blindness later =P.  First thing that happened was Band. Today actually didn't go too bad. Our band was able to basically play out a whole song in 15 minutes. That was pretty cool. Oh yeah and the new song we learned.........the Trombones get to do do that "gliss" thing. You know when you see in cartoons n stuff the trombone person slides the slide up and down and makes that really funky noise? WE GET TO DO IT! It's kinda fun....sorta. Seems more fun when you do it for fun though. That was the highlight of band really.....umm.......played some songs........and apparently Mr. Clark did think we sounded good out in Huntsville. Even we think we sounded bad but meh, if he says it's good......I guess it's good. Oh yeah....and the one day I decide to wear my Adidas Tracksuit......So does Zavitz. I had my black one and he had his red one. GRRRR! I want like a Dark green one if there's such thing. THAT would be nice.  Well in music.......Mr. McCumber was actually normal for once and didn't PMS.....but Thompson did.  Apparently Mitch and Lauren took all the good new percussion parts, leaving Thompson either bells or.....that one where it has all the little parts. Hahaha. Yeah that basically summarizes music. And of course the usual boredom. Not much else I can think of.......so......off to science.  Handed in two labs, and then prepped for Friday's test.....bleh.  Lunch........crammed for bio w/ Tehm, Rachel and Underhill. Circulatory system is VERY retarted, especially when you have Ms. Wiener as a teacher. She's more useless than the textbook put it that way. Anyways yeah we crammed for the whole lunch which was only 45 minutes since its Early Dismissal today. So now....time for..........  *DUN DUN DUN*  CIRCULATORY UNIT TEST! GAH! ARGH! EEK! CRAP! DOH! ERGH!  It was REALLY hard........and I was suffering in there. When you're half sick writing a test.......it's REALLY not that fun. But it woulda been difficult both ways.....when someone in your class has a 98 average in bio *won't mention names* and still panicks about this test....you know that if you have an 89 average in bio *me* you're basically screwed over unless you studied like you'd eat pie. I'm saying this in hopes you like eating pie. So yeah........50 minutes of that grueling crap and then English class..  Had a small quiz. Wasn't much. Probably failed because I kinda didn't do the homework =P. Read Act III.....Shakespeare by now is VERY disturbing. And I'll summarize what happened since most people have probably read this play Apparently Juliet is already married to Romeo.....but then her father not knowing this decides to make her marry some Prince. Mrs. Gayed actually made a pretty nice remark about that though:  "Unless you live in Utah, I'm sure that marrying two people is still considered disgusting and illegal."  Yeah that got most of the class cracking......if it didn't get you. And if it didn't.....shut up that's not my humour there that's my teachers.  I AM STILL AWESOME!   And then YAY! HOMETIME! AT 1230!? OF COURSE IT'S EARLY DISMISSAL! So bused home with Ryan.....and then got home and got ready for eye exam. Ate basically. Mmmm...........Porkchops......and.......Snowpeas. MMMMmmmmmmmmm. Food.......  And now for my exciting story of my stinkin' eye exam.  Well when I got there.......she was still out on her lunch break. So I waited around in that coffee shop in Sears for a bit...drank coffee obviously or why would I be in a coffee shop and then went back at 230. Apparently all she wanted to do was give me these drops to relax my eye muscles. Two kinds to be exact. The first kind of drops kinda felt like she was pouring Sprite in my eye, and the second one I felt like regular drops......so now I was supposed to come back in 45 minutes so the drops could work their way in my eyes. Now I wouldn't know what these would do until AFTER I looked in a mirror......HOLY SHIT MY PUPILS ARE AS BIG AS MY.......Iris? I think that's what it's called......you know the part that's coloured? Anyways it wasn't brown anymore.....it was black. Oh yeah I noticed something was wrong when I walked outside...and the sun seemed REALLY bright. Anyways back to the Optometrist now......apparently my eyes are bout the same....just my right eye is being more and more blind. Wee. Left eye is still the same basically =P. And then.....Now to suffer the rest of the day half blind....can't walk around outside or my eyes kill........so I thought NAP TIME!  *WUMP* Sleeep............yay!  And now I'm awake.....my Pupils are still immense......and I can only see things more than two feet away from me. So yeah I'm kinda trying to get around homework, Piano theory, piano practice, and attempting to identify the keys on the keyboard while typing. I seem to be having success......oh yes typing at 90wpm does have its advantages. I basically have this 104 key piece of crap memorized. Anyways I'm off now......still got work to do.....and still live my life with pupils bigger than my iris. Cya.
     

    



       
       2/24/04   Dream A Dream...   A new approach to my blog.....since I just woke up from a nap my mind is sorta a fresh new slate. But that was AFTER my boggled mind when I was napping. I have two particular dreams I remembered..........one about my church and one about LCD monitors. LCD Monitors? Yes I know it seems weird.........but it seemed as though it was about them taking over....with some moustached dude lol. Funny part is I've never seen this person before. It's almost like when I dreamed about people having no pupils......when I never saw that in my life before back when I was young. By the way I am not a GOTH.......or anything like that.....but I find it interesting how sometimes I can dream about things that I've never seen. Then it poses me with questions of whether God is making me have those dreams or some other supernatural force? But I'm not about to explain that.  As for my church dream.....well it was interesting. I kinda well..........ENVISIONED sorta I guess my English congregation being a bustling service. However....there was no change to the building. We are in the same building as we are now.....except in my dream there were a few new light switches. It was interesting though. If you were to ask me to interpret this.........it seems as though something's telling me.....that it doesn't matter what you're church looks like *my church is kinda small* but it matters on the state of the people. It was really interesting though how this dream even came about. People I remember from it include some people from my school.....and some lady that resembles someone off TV. I think that came in just because I watched Prime Time ABC. But the other people.......either God may be telling me to evengelize to these people.....or my mind just added them in as cameos since I can't think of anyone else. And I also had a dream about evangelizing over MSN. I think I've been on the comp too much these two days.  Well something there to think about......now to my day.  Day one......meaning I have history first period. Well we had a test today on the 30's........and it was kinda easy....so I'm not really panicking. But doesn't matter......we are doing World War Two....and back in grade 7 and 8 me and some people kinda went WW2 trigger happy after Enemy At the Gates. And that stuff kinda carried through grade 9. So yeah my history mark is gonna be good. ^_^.  And then now off too good old boring civics. Oh wait I forgot......I'M IN THE SAME ROOM! The boredom, sleepy attidude civics class has. But today's class actually wasn't that bad. We talked about editorial cartoons and actually had less than 10 pages of notes to take. WHOO! That was fairly interesting......sorta. But the editorial cartoons part was great. Ms. Manson actually did something amusing for once! So basically all class we looked through all these newspapers about cartoons. Some of them I didn't get at all......but others were pretty funny. Lots are talking about the Liberal Tax Scandal, and how Paul Martin basically got given a falling apart Government. Poor dude. Oh well....looks like the Liberals are gone next election.....probably =P.  Lunch.....I went to Galleria. I ate from International Soups. I ate pancakes. I went back to school and played some basketball.  Math class........yeah like usual me Mike Nick and John led the loudness wars. And like usual Maggie and Becky and them had to suffer=P. I'm actually sorry if I cause any distruption........ok I won't lie I can't help it sometimes.......but I'm sorry I cause a distruption......this time it's for real. In fact yeah I think I'll try to pay attention more and not act like a jackass. Maybe my mark will go up even. NO WAY!  Programming class.........yes the quality of my Hyperstudio project drops drastically from photoshop to crap pics off the web =P. Well anyways today instead of Mr. Dayus we had........either Ms. Hurley or Ms. Howard. The two look the same to me. But anyways yeah we "programmed" all class. Overheard some bet between Hermann and Pokan for one dollar. BIG SPENDERS!  Then bused home.........chatted with Zavitz and Underhill about a Inner City Olympics. What would happen if Harlem or Compton had an Olympics? With events like "Popping caps into a car" or "DRIVE-BY!" The Olympic Federation would go from 1 million viewers to 0. Ha....Ha....Ha? Ok maybe it's not that funny to some......but at the moment it was pretty funny with random stuff like that popping up.....the event thinking was probably the most challenging.....but funny.  Anyways............got home and went straight to bed. So friggin tired these last few days.  *WUMP* *Four hours later*  And now I'm awake yet again....blogging and going to start homework soon. Gonna go eat first though. Later.
     

    



       
       2/23/04   And the boredom of school strikes yet again....*sigh*    A teacher is using the "scientific method" to teach the class about evolution...  TEACHER: Tommy do you see the tree outside? TOMMY: Yes. TEACHER: Tommy, do you see the grass outside? TOMMY: Yes. TEACHER: Go outside and look up and see if you can see the sky. TOMMY: Okay. (He returned a few minutes later) Yes, I saw the sky. TEACHER: Did you see God? TOMMY: No. TEACHER: That's my point. We can't see God because he isn't there. He doesn't exist.  A little girl spoke up and wanted to ask the boy some questions. The teacher agreed and the little girl questioned the boy.  LITTLE GIRL: Tommy, do you see the tree outside? TOMMY: Yes. LITTLE GIRL: Tommy do you see the grass outside? TOMMY: Yessssss (getting tired of the questions this time). LITTLE GIRL: Did you see the sky? TOMMY: Yessssss. LITTLE GIRL: Tommy, do you see the teacher? TOMMY: Yes LITTLE GIRL: Do you see the teacher's brain? TOMMY: No. LITTLE GIRL: Then according to what we were taught today in school, she must not have one!   Thought I'd add that in first. Somethin I read off of my HYPE Counsellor JT's Blog. Thought it was pretty interesting....and funny also ^_^. But off to the rest of my day...  First off I'm surprised at the hits I've got from my Huntsville blog. Turns out people do look at my site when something exciting happens in my life =P. It went up almost 150 from before the post....that was pretty interesting to see. And apparently lots of people from school read my amazingly amazing blog =P. I told you guys the blog would be  AWESOME! . But after that wild weekend.....and relaxing Sunday, came the dreaded.........day of.................MONDAY! *dun dun dun!* Yes it is quite depressing....after a week like that it'd seem like there is no such thing as school. But yes unfortunately we do have school still, though today was kinda fun....especially biology class. I will never think the same of a heart again *ugh.* And of course who could ever forget music class.......so boring and stupid. But is probably the best class to talk to people ^_^. Anyways without further blabbing about that here's a basic summary of my day. Basic as in my usual blog *hee hee hee.*  I awoke at around.......7:20. Tired and still weary from yesterday's 6 hour sleep......I REALLY didn't wanna go to school. Especially since today's a day two. WAAH! I wanna stay home. Well anyways I got up, ate a quick breakfast of well........rice and snowpeas w/ beef......and then left for school, the depressing designation my school building has. *sigh.* Well today's drive to school wasn't that bad. Told stories of the infamous Huntsville Trip....and also listened to the newly formed Grace FM 105.9. They actually sound pretty good....familiar songs I heard are "All in All," and also this other one......but I forgot the title....but it's a really good song. I really like this new station. Has really good music ^_^. Though I haven't heard any like Stacie Orrico or Thousand Foot Krutch yet, but that'll come in time. For now I think Rebecca St. James and Chris Tomlin are just fine.  Trudging into music......I saw Rebecca, Caitlin and Sarah L. looking at.....well.......notes? At first I thought they were pictures......but nope....they were bio notes lol. I actually got to school relatively early today.....which is a change from the usual diving for the bell. At first Mr. Richardson came into the room and I was thinkin "YES NO MR. McCUMBER!" That all faded away.....well more like plummeted away very quickly when Mr. McCumber entered the room. Blast. Gagh. Argh. Oh well, least he wasn't having his daily mood swings today, or "releasing his Volcano." Yeah up until now I still think he REALLY needs counselling. Well we didn't do much since Huntsville was over, so we just worked on that Gambolier song. Oh yeah and then Rebecca reminded me.......WE HAD ENGLISH H/W! D'OH!  Then was time for science. Well today we had a lab.....and also we caught up on what the Huntsville kids missed. We did a lab where we were in the halls and had people run, walk, and crabwalk 30 metres. Obviously the running had the best time but crabwalk and walk had about the same amount of time. Then the Huntsville kids did a lab w/ toy cars going across a workbench. It was pretty amusing when Mr. Roxburgh *our sub teacher for Curphey* was all set to let the first car rip.....then the engine died lol. That was kinda amusing....and Rhoden almost got kicked out of the classroom. Could only be one reason. Can't be rascism since he's white, and it can't be because he's loud because I'd be gone if that happened.....IT'S CUZ HES A FRIGGIN JACKASS! There. Said. Done. And that concludes another day of dreaded Gr. 10 science.   Well......since Rebecca reminded me I had english homework today.....I ended up sitting inside for the whole lunch doing english. Yeah that took up most of the lunchtime. Well least we weren't the only people. Chatted w/ Maggie and Jess Whittaker for a bit, and Chris near the end. Well in the end I didn't finish everything, so I just did what I could and then off to biology class. Really I coulda finished just that......I'm REALLY lazy....and I really don't feel like doing anything at lunch, especially without food. So I then packed up and headed upstairs for bio.......wee.  DISSECTION DAY! Whoo Hoo! I TOTALLY forgot today was pig's heart dissection day! Was lots of fun ^_^. Just the fact that I got to perform an inscision on an ORGAN.......wow I feel like those surgery shows on TLC. Except without the blood since the heart hasn't been in a organism for months probably.....maybe years =S. But it was fun. At first I thought this heart was pretty crappy......since I couldn't see jack squat through all the fat around the heart. But then.........actually before I say what happens you might wanna close your eyes or something to skip this part.  *ehem ehem*  Yeah anyways at first the heart looked like crap.....but after cutting the heart in half......and then revealing the atriums and ventricles.......IT WAS COOL. Then I decided I'd shove my finger through the aorta to find out where the end was. Wow........turns out the heart has LOTS of holes. Vena Cava, Aorta, Pulmonary Vein, etc.  *EHEM EHEM*  Ok and back to the rest of class. Cleaned up and stuff...........and then chatted a bit before next class. It was kind of interesting though dissecting the heart. It looks like an apple lol. Anyways yeah that's what we did through bio class.......but it was A LOT of fun.....though it may sound sickening to some people. At first the stench of the hearts were unbearable....but when the aroma fills the room.......you get used to it after a while.  English class....we read............and then read Romeo and Juliet.  Stage Band X we got commemorated on our performance.....and then left.  See........today wasn't that bad.........actually English class was kinda funny......since reading Romeo and Juliet can be funny. Fishified apparently is a word in the english language lol. Also when you don't know what to add for a sound effect........use Zing. Yeah you have to be in my class to laugh at that.....and if you don't remember YOU'RE CUT!  That's basically my day........and upcoming for the night: studying for history/civics test, math h/w, and science and bio if I can get to it. And of course some good old SC. Later.
     

    



       
       2/22/04   tired......very tired   Hmm....well looking back on my weekend:  Huntsville, HYPE sleepover, and now Sunday.......TOTALLY burned out.  Oi this morning felt so weird when I woke up. I could barely move. But church is always a great way to start a new week.......so of course I woke up. So basically I woke up 20 minutes before we left, quickly grabbed some oatmeal to eat then left. Picked up Jason then headed to church.  Today since it was reading week for the UWO students.....wasn't really that populated. But oh well.....doesn't matter we are still there for the same reason, and that is to worship the Lord. Today's message was about  "Wanting to Really Know Christ." Now unfortunately I was pretty tired from the week, but that wasn't a prime reason. Prime reason why I don't remember that well was just that the sermon didn't really.......hit me. I mean some of the other sermons I remember very well. I mean up until now, I still remember that one sermon from Reverend Li about looking like a follower of God w/ the analogy of clothes, and how people can be judged easily by their clothing. But today's sermon, I do remember two of the prayer items in particular:  -Victor in Australia recently had a car accident *pray for healing* -The movie Passions  Victor I've known for a bit now since he originally attended LCAC, and truthfully he was the one that introduced me into serving Christ in the congregation.  He also really showed me how powerful one's love for God is, as he was the one that bought the church drum set. Up until now I look up to that, and hope one day I'll be able to do something like that. And the movie Passions, which is coming out February 25th, has brought up lots of issues. I mean lots of people have said the movie is anti-semetic, which I don't believe, but also many think that this is an amazing portrayal of Christ's last 12 hours of life. I myself haven't said anything as I haven't seen it, and I can't wait.  Well yeah unfortunately I can't remember the message extremely well.....sorry people =(. But we did have some visitors to do worship. Matthew and Sherene Bahadurs. They had a good lively worship for us, though one of Matt's strings broke on the guitar. But great recovery. And also......like always.....we shouldn't really worry about that as worship isn't about the instrument, it's about your heart. The instrument is just a tool to help. But now yeah off to Bible Study time.  As usual talked for a bit, but today Rev. Mackness put on a video of Primetime ABC. Showed us the interview w/ Mel Gibson about his new film Passions. I guess this film will be pretty epic, with so much to talk about it that they even had a full feature interview with the director, Mel. He spoke a lot about his spiritual life, and how he spent nearly $30 million of his own money on this film. It was pretty cool.......and then after class.......well..............Calvin started up his own Beyblade war with plastic cups. His intelligence has officially hit rock bottom lol. Actually probably did that years ago. But anyways.....yeah I was pretty tired today so I really wanted to get home.......got home and then.........  *WUMP* SLEEP!.  *Two hours later*  "I awoke two hours later, dazed and confused in the dark..." Ok if you don't know what that is that's from Family Guy when Peter was narrating his life and just woke up from being hit by Lois w/ a frying pan. Well today wasn't that excited.......lots of thinking though. Reflected on week while I was lying in bed.......wow haven't done this reflecting stuff in ages. I was planning to maybe do my devos......but I was REALLY tired....I didn't even bother moving my arm to fluff my pillows. But yeah.....thought back into Thursday on the way to Huntsville, Back from Huntsville, what we coulda done to improve performance @ the school, what I should have done in Huntsville Spiritually, HYPE, etc etc. I sat there for at least 30 minutes I think. Got interrupted by Jason for SC....and that pretty much halted my train of thought. But yeah these memories.......ain't gonna go away for a LONG time.....I still find the attempt to teach Teefy and Whitney Cantonese was hilariious w/ the "DEEM Ah WHITNEY!" "DEEM Ah TEEFY!" and of course the bubbling hostility between many of the students now and Mr. Baldwin. Personally I don't blame it all on Mr. Baldwin....but yeah I was sorta ticked off @ the time when we coulda stopped at Timmy's, or Mr. Sub, or Wendy's. Oh yeah and up until now.......I really don't see the fascination of Chinese. I mean when I was on the phone:  *Joe gets off phone* Thompson: LOL Joe how do you speak Chinese man? Joe: Maybe because I am Chinese? Hammond, Thompson, Mitch and some other people: It's just funny how you talk in Chinese then throw in an English word Lots of people: YEAH!...  And then this was the part where I taught the girls how to say What's Up and they kinda butchered it......but it was funny......and taught Thompson how to refine his "MM Ho Gao Ngor" a.k.a. "Don't Bother Me." And some other stuff too lol. And yeah I also thought about the HYPE sleepover. Really wished that I could have made it for the whole thing but yeah still it's all good. Anyways where was I?  ...  Oh yes I remember now. Ate a late lunch, then played some SC w/ Jason. Had a few hilarious games and played this one dude who was friggin amazing.......two games in a row. Afterwards had dinner and etc. etc.....then h/w.....and then now blogging..  I didn't really mind the fact nothing happened today....I actually think I sorta needed it.......after an exciting week like that.......w/ Huntsville, HYPE Sleepover, and Huge dinner yesterday....which was friggin hilarious....yeah I really needed a day to rest...and this Sunday was one well rested day. 
     

    



       
       2/19/04, 2/20/04, 2/21/04   HUNTSVILLE WAS AWESOME!HYPE SLEEPOVER WAS AWESOME! WATCHING HAMMOND SUFFER ON THE SKI SLOPES WAS AWESOME!  THIS BLOG WILL BE AWESOME!    CRAP! WHY WOULDN'T MY D-CAM WORK FOR THIS TRIP!?!?!?!?!! GRRRR! Now that I've relieved my pissed-offness......  Yeah first off to explain why I haven't blogged. I'VE BEEN 400KM+AWAY FROM LONDON HAVING A BLAST! That's why. But yeah sorry bout keeping you guys just "waiting" for the suspense that will about to unravel in this blog. I make it sound so exciting no =P. lol. Anyways yeah this is gonna be a 3 part blog, so grab whatever you need to be comfy; you know a blanket, chips, pop....guess a beer if you're over 18. Or not. But anyways.......here it goes. Hope you got whatever you need because this is gonna be one LONG blog. To make life easier if you wanna find a certain date entry use your find feature *Under edit, or Ctrl+F* on your internet browser and type in the date. It might help you out. If it works. But without further delay....*ahem* here it goes.   *Trumpet blasts/drumroll*   2/19/04   In the beginning.....I woke up very tired.   It's 6am. There's no band. BUT I'M AWAKE. It was pretty difficult to get up on Thursday. The morning was a blank. But I remember I had set up everything last night knowing this morning I'll probably screw up. So I did my daily morning routine, and decided I'd shave. Ok I won't go into a lot of detail about a blade grazing across your skin with a 1/100 chance *probably* of you cutting your skin and leaving a scrape. So yeah did that, and I had ju-pah *aka pork chop* for breakfast. My request came through lol. No oatmeal this morning, but something filling. And I got it ^_^. I took my time this morning though, and we left @ around 6:50 with my luggage for school.  Now it's around 7:15am. Everyone is REALLY excited. A lot of talking, excitement, etc. Unfortunately I got dropped off on the other end of the school, so I had to lug my luggage to the other side. I would not realize how heavy my bag was until now. With the snowboard it was hell carrying it. Well I managed, and I decided with this spare time I'd add some cell numbers into my phone. Finlan and Pourier for now....I thought I'd have time to add more later.....wow what was I thinking lol. Anyways when I got on the Violet bus *FINALLY* after putting away my luggage in storage bay, I quickly ran to around the back and claimed a seat. Mitch came too, then Hammond and Thompson. At first this didn't look like a great situation for talking....as no one else came back here....but in the end Lindsay Murphy, Rebecca Mader, Caitlin Stewart and Sarah Lenehan would sit in front of us, and Sarah Teefy, Katie  McVey*I think, or was it McKay? meh* Amy Chick and Whitney Mendez would sit behind us. Oh yeah and Fewster was w/ us too lol. And in the end Finlan came too and sat back here w/ us. And we started chatting a bit......then the bus started to roll. The first few metres, for a 400km bus ride that will be memorable for a LONG time lol.  Yeah about 20 minutes into the bus ride....a few of us decided to play cards already. Gr. 10 kids get bored EASILY. So me, Hammond, Katie....Thompson.....and I think Teefy was the 5th person played President. So yeah I was happy....I was vice prez both times....then I got bored and decided to chat around w/ Lindsay and them for a bit. But yeah the bus ride for the first two hours was pretty fun....lots of talking n stuff. And then after some people decided to nap, some others decided to do somethin else....I pulled out my headphones and Cd Player and started listenin to some CD's. I never really napped on the way to Huntsville...since I had a bottle of Bawls *It's a high caffeine drink not what it sounds like you friggin pervs and shmucks* and also just the trip was waaay to exciting lol. The movie bombed....mainly because it didn't work lol. So I listened to my CD's.....and managed to actually listen through three CD's. That killed around two hours....and then we got off for lunch at a McDonalds *shudder.*  Summarizing lunch....we ate and talked. Greasy food. Funny hicks operating a McD on highway always funny.  And now through into hour 4/6. Right now it's about....noonish? Well anyways people sometimes go crazy on a bus after 4 hours...and me and Hammond are prime examples lol. Well at first we started to throw around a football.....really normal thing. But then....after a while.....I decided I'd challenge Hammond in a game of Rock Paper Scissors extreme *the one w/ the slapping on the hand if you lose.* Well with my "intelligence" and Hammond's true stupidity...I pretty much won lol. It was like 20 slaps to 15. I was the 20, as in I hit him 20 times. Anyways, yeah after that both our hands were purple....after bout ten slaps for each of us we both started to cringe everytime we got hit....then took a few secs to recuperate...then went again lol. Anyways after that....Hammond decided to play Mitchell. But Mitch, who makes a rock look smart decides to play scissors for the whole time. Really Mitch is smart just that he's pretty stupid at times. And well Hammond was relieving his stress on that Mitch was just laughing at the pain. Scary lol. Anyways after that Mitch's hand was like DARK purple. It was such a weird thing that Katie decided to take a pic of it. It was pretty scary lol. Well after that....Hammond decided he was still angry...forgot why. Well anyways so he decided to punch me 8 times or so....and that was when the battle of pillows in the aisle of a bus happened lol. There was silence....then a loud "WAAAH" from me and then...WHAP WHAP WHAP WHAP! Over and over again lol. Then Hammond decided to take up arms too.......and it was a pillow fight frenzy for bout five minutes before our fight was stopped by Mr. Baldwin lol. But it was pretty funny. Exchanging hits with a pillow and then once in a while throwing a punch....we could easily own WWF in viewers lol. After that we chatted for a bit.....some other stuff happened but yeah now we arrive in Huntsville.  REALLY small. But when I passed their high school I had the weirdest sense of Deja Vu. REALLY looked familiar in a dream I had back in.......grade 8? Weird....deja vu's always freak me out. But it makes me believe that something out  there does let you forsee the future...I mean even in the Bible Joseph did with the famine in Egypt back in the book of Genesis. Well we got to the public school finally.....and warmed up....  And we totally SUCKED. Reason A I blame on no prayer of guidance........but Reason two was just because WE SUCKED. The Strings actually I thought had a pretty good performance.....though Ms. Mitsopoulos kinda embarrased herself when she let the tuner go off during Mr. Clark's speech lol. But yeah they actually sounded ok FOR ONCE. Then Stage Band X. We sucked.....cept for last song lol. And Choir........I thought it sounded good until Teefy and Whitney were convincing me THEY SUCKED. I mean I don't mean to sound degrading......because personally I liked the strings and the choir was.......ok I guess....but I guess they had a point. I was sitting behind the choir and they were right beside em, so they have more accurate results.  Well our Gr. 10 band.....we sounded good.........but played bad. Well Prelude and Fugue wasn't TERRIBLE but it did have it's little bumps and potholes. We slaughtered General Greene. Trumpets learn how to count. But Valley Forge March was actually a decent playing. We sounded OK. But overall not our best performance. Well who cares about that now.......WHEN YOU'RE GOING TO THE DEERHURST INN!  WHOO HOO! Finally we reach our final destination. Though we suffered waiting in the stupid bus for an hour for the teacher to get keys, *it seemed like an hour, more like 30 minutes I guess* and then....we unpacked. At first I sorta was panicking when I couldn't find my snowboard....but then I reclaimed it in the end anyways so all came together in the end. Our room *as in me Mitch Thompson's and Hammond's* was sick. Not all the rooms.....just ours. PS2+Monty Python+ good food=good. But yeah it was REALLY cool. First thing though when we got there....SNOW FOOTBALL!  Wow......cold but fun lol. This time though I didn't wear socks since I figured it's a waste....I'll just waste a pair of wet socks....so yeah my feet were COLD. But oh well.....least not wet so no chance of Athlete's Foot....I think. Well in the end I kinda don't remember the teams but My team won w/ Boughton being our star runningback, Kick returner, Kicker and Center lol. I decided to play DB and line at offence lol. Well that lasted about 20 minutes then we were all sprawling gasping for breath...so we all ran in our rooms for warmth. This is when I feel sorry for the next person staying in our hotel room. Me Mitch Hammond and Thompson used the hair dryer to dry our shoes *started by Joe innovations,* then it overheated bout 5 times, and then the front of it smelled like......well..........feet lol. Oh yeah and right around now.......came Mitch's starting of the "Smurf."  Joe: Your face on a grill on a bigger bigger grill Mitchell: Smurf you Joe Joe:?? *stunned look someone's capable of being that stupid*  Wow........the word Smurf will now replace shmuck or co-exist with it lol. They both go with ANYTHING lol. Well anyways these two words....Smurf mostly would be the ultimate universal word lol. And we shoved everything in the fridge, hooked up PS2....basically we started settling in for our 20 hour stay lol. This trip woulda been perfect if Mitch chipped in his part though. Hammond brought pancakes, I brought PS2, Thompson brought our energy drinks *8 bottles of Bawls=lots of caffeine* and Mitch....WAS SUPPOSED TO BRING EGGS BUT NOOOOOOOOOOOO.He decided to bring money to BUY eggs at a non-existent supermarket we were supposed to stop at lol. So we played some PS2, chilled for a bit, talked to our neighbours...who were DL, Dave Wonnacott, Boughton and Burke. Then we all headed down for dinner.  Dinner met up with some people. Chatted w/ nick and Meaghan for a bit...but in the end I decided to sit at the table w/ Thompson, Mitchell, Brian Wong and some other people. Well really wasn't decided.....more like forced since there were no spots lol. Well dinner sucked though. Food was horrible. But before that Hammond comes up to me with a carton of eggs. Apparently he had gotten free eggs when he asked for some.....sweet diplomacy there. Hammond if you're reading this this is why you were a diplomat back in that river game in civics lol. But yeah anyways back to the crap dinner. I payed 120 bucks to get spaghetti and meatsauce, garlic bread, and some dessert? Wow this place really needs a lesson in cooking 101. If I wanted spaghetti I woulda made noodles back in our room lol. So I quickly ate....and then me Mitch and Hammond jacked some drinks n stuff for the ride home lol. Also Hammond had to put away the eggs so they wouldn't go bad. So yeah after that....well we kinda split up and this is where the blog focuses on me more...since I dunno what the heck happened to the others lol.  Basically me and Hammond snuck back into the dinner since weren't supposed to leave *oops =P* and then we all left for some free time. Squash, Raquetball, Pool, Hockey everything was there. Well first thing a lot of us did was watch Christian play Pac-Man....wow he's actually not bad at it lol. And then me and Thompson played some pool. I WAS SO CLOSE TO WINNING. Then I lost lol. Well I dunno where the hell Thompson went or Mitch but me and Hammond went to watch a heated game of Tennis between Rebecca and Finlan. Lol friggin hilarious. Finlan with his cockiness thought he was AMAZING at serving. He made 1/10 serves. 6 went out of bounds and the other 3 flew into the net. That's about the right ratio =P. But yeah Rebecca plays competitive or somethin like that though she didn't seem like it at the moment. I don't blame her though playing badminton against Finlan is a boring moment of life also.  I thought I'd head back to the room though....since I was kinda tired....I decided to play some DDR while waiting for Thompson since he was there too getting stuff for skating. Well I decided to stay there for a bit afterwards though since Lindsay and her posse kinda invaded my room lol. So we ended up playing some PS2, DDR mostly, and then chatted for a bit. I seem to be the only person in Gr.10 music that understands the game lol. Well maybe if I stop by Masonville I'll be able to play sometime^_^.  After that we headed down to the ice rink but ice hockey was over....but they were gonna start road hockey ^_^. So I went along too......and we played a good hour or two of road hockey. Fun. I didn't really do much played defense and pretty much just cleared the puck...since I have no aim whatsoever with a hockey stick lol. Reminds me of back in grade 3 though when my whole street used to play road hockey. Good times. Well I forgot which team won.....think we did since Hammond had double Hat-Trick and Nikki just can't play net in hockey. Hockey is different from soccer Nikki lol. And Sarah Wild, our goalie kinda just you know.....milled about. She was on the girl's hockey team but I don't think she played net. Kerry who was also on the hockey team scored a hat trick on Sarah. But we won be default since Hammond just ripped shots through Nikki lol. Really that was the end of my night since I was dead tired by then. This was also after we played a group of strangers by the way lol. But admist the fatigue, then I thought "Hey why not play some Squash?" and did that for a bit.  We got back to our rooms around......11ish? Meh whatever point is....we took Monty Python and the Holy Grail and all the guys basically ran into Boughton's room and watched it lol. We all got booted out around 12 though when Mr. Baldwin threw us all back in our rooms. Lol....this was when Hammond was really close to being caught with a Mechede in his hand and looked like he was gonna kill me and Mitch lmao. Well I walked in actually before and saw Mitch w/ the knife......about to cut my tylenol bottle. Wth? Yeah I was thinking the same lol. But yeah back to the Hammond story. Basically it went something like this:  Hammond: WTF I FORGOT MY SPATULA FOR THE PANCAKES?! WHAT AM I GONNA DO?! Joe: Umm maybe you could use the big knife? Mitch: You mean a mechede Hammond: *Finds knife* Hmmm...........RAGH! *has an angry look on his face w/ a knife* *Mr Baldwin walks in*  Hmm........Uh oh. Lol. We were lucky though w/ Hammond tucking it right behind his arm lmao. Then when Mr. Baldwin was looking around.....he slowly made his way to the drawer and threw the knife back in. Wow that was a close one. Well basically after that, played some Madden on PS2, then went to sleep. Called for a wake-up call for around 6:15am so until then g'nite.  *I'm not done you retards*   2/20/04   I SNOWBOARDED ON A HILL RATHER THAN A BUMP! ENRAGED STUDENTS THREATENING MR. BALDWIN! And of course HYPE SLEEPOVER!   Those were some of the main things that happened. Really actually day two kicked day one's butt all the way to.......England.  But before the good times....came the retarted. STUPID ROOM SERVICE! LEARN TO MAKE WAKE UP CALLS RIGHT! HOLY CRAP! Instead of waking up at 615.........I WOKE UP AT 550! STUPID SAM ZHANG! Apparently he made a wake up call for us. Stupid Smurf. lol. Well yeah in the end though not much of a choice we all woke up. Hammond got right to making some pancakes and I put the noodles on the stove. We all took our last bottles of Bawls that Thompson brought along for a jolt into our day. Hammond then called Lindsay's room *who was above us* and woke em up too. Yeah we can be jackasses but meh lol. We called them and asked if they wanted any food but they said no. So we ate our breakfast, also started packing. Mmmm pancakes and noodles lol. We even had extras. So me and Hammond decided to go try selling our stuff. We found a customer: Sam Zhang. The person that made the stupid wake up call @ 550 for us? Well yeah free breakfast doesn't come with pissing us off. He payed us basically three bux *710ml bottle of Pepsi plus a dollar* for 4 pancakes. What a bargain for us lol. 4 Pancakes is around 20 cents.  So we made $2.80 profit ^_^. After the packing....we all went downstairs and then locked our room....when then we realized......DOH! I forgot my towel and Thompson forgot his two pillows lol. So we asked Ms. Mits if we'd see em ever again and lucky she and some people are staying back just for problems like these. Yay! And now off to skiing/snowboarding at Hidden Valley.  Basically it was LOTS OF FUN....kills Boler.....well anything does really lol. But yeah this was a really fun time. Especially for intermediate boarders, since we for some reason had no lesson but we weren't complaining lol. So basically I boarded for the whole 8 hours we were there. Stopped for a small lunch then went out again. Well originally I was chilin w/ Craig and Dave W. for boarding....but in the end I somehow ended up w/ Hammond and Lindsay and them because well Dave sorta lost us and went w/ DL and Craig......well I dunno what happened to him lol. So yeah I basically chilled w/ Lindsay, Rebecca, and Hammond for most of the time. Talked to some other people a bit and laughed at the beginner snowboarders. Mitchell actually was really good for his first time though. Lindsay however was another storry lol. I feel bad for her though. Finlan kinda ditched her when he said he was gonna teach her. Oh yeah and the "best" snowboarder in Central took a fall going off the ski lift. Moron. I mean it's not the fact I hate Finlan......just that he's such a cocky smurf* (shmuck, dink, weiner, insert insult here basically*) and it's funny to see him basically bite himself in the ass after he actually does whatever he's doing lol. Well while on the hills....yeah I made fun of Hammond a lot. Made him suffer going down Flying Dutchman on his first time ever skiing lol and made him literally paranoid on the chairlift when I was rocking the chair around. He was petrified lol. But yeah made fun of Hammond on the slopes a lot to get back at him for the punches and stuff on the bus lol. Hostilities I guess you can say. Well now we are kinda even. So basically for the whole time we snowboarded....and skied in Hammond's case until 3......then had to board the bus for the Inn and then home.  Basically at the Inn again....well I played some last minute squash....and then the bus ride home. Well yeah the bus ride home......is gonna be in my memory for a long time. Lol first of all the chair tilting. Basically it happened in REAL slow motion. After I woke up from a 30 minute nap this happened:  Mitch: Joe move I gotta get some stuff Joe: Ok *Why does the chair feel different?* Whitney: Guys.......how come your chair seems to be tilted? Joe & Mitch: What are you talking abou..............LASJHG AHAFGH ;ASDHGF HL;!  You can all return from the edge of your seats now. I didn't die....nor did Mitch or anyone. Actually no one was harmed lol. So messed up though. Me and Mitch well kinda broke one of the rows of seats in the bus lol. Smart kids huh =P. So yeah from then on me and Mitch had to counterbalance the bench lol. I feel bad for Teefy and Whitney though putting up with that lol....basically their footrest was non-existent. In the end though I moved to sit beside Rebecca, and Mitch moved to sit beside Jessie........another one of Lindsay's friends. So problem solved. Other than the fact we all decided to kick out Finlan and have him sit on the defect seats lol. On our way home though like I said this was one of the most unforgettable moments....like the following:  Whitney: Lindsay can I borrow your Cosmo Magazine? *Mitch catches the title* Mitch: SEX?! WHOA I GOTTA READ THAT! I NEED TO KNOW MORE ABOUT IT!  That got the whole bus laughing lol. Also this:  Hammond: Mitch, give me back my football. Mitch: Hammond, if you had no clothes on, you'd be naked *Hammond has the weirdest look on his face*  Yeah Mitch was the comedian of this trip probably lol. You can't go wrong with quotes like that. Oh yeah also the reading of the magazines. Thompson was reading another magazine earlier *another one like Cosmo or YM* and then when he'd stop to read certain articles, Mitch would just reach in and like feel up the picture of like a chick lmao. Then Thompson flipped to an ad w/ a Fish on it. Mitch just stares at it......then slowly....cautiously....his hand....................feels up the page. W.........t...........H? lol. It was really weird we all went hysterical after that. Me and Whitney also started to have a two hour talk about club music after she overheard my Strong Bad Techno song lol. Kinda weird. At first she was confused at the song....then got the joke finally w/ the slightly poor quality techno produced by homestarrunner.com's strongbad email  urlLink Techno  *click the underlined stuff*. Afterwards we then started talking about actual real dance tunes n stuff.....then I found out she is actually a Eurodance fan. Wow.....SAME HERE! Someone else that's heard of Sylver?! NO WAY! So yeah we chatted bout that for a LONG time....and Teefy chimed in too with some opinions n' stuff. Oh yeah and then came the starvation for 3 hours for McD's. Mr. Baldwin is gonna have another 39 new enemy students at school now. We all starved for 3 hours basically just so we didn't have to eat McD's cept in the end we still stopped at one. But it was funny....lol we were between a tractor trailer and our bus and Teefy slips on the ice lol. Poor girl but yeah it was a funny moment. This is now why "I HATE MCDONALD'S" quoted from Teefy lol.  After McD's we went back on the bus.......tired......and pissed off......but then crowd control came when we watched "Ten Things I Hate About You." What a chick flick but it was pretty funny at times lol. The English teacher is pretty funny. But the good times would end with a solemn silence for the cause of a 45 minute long traffic jam.  At first we all thought it was another one of those 10 min jams caused by some car going dead on the highway....but when we saw the twisted metal of two tractor trailers, mangled in a ditch, we were all horrified. Amazingly though....amidst the horror..........I found the courage to pray. I don't think anyone else really knew about this around me, but it was a time of silence...and for me a time of silence is a good time to pray. So I prayed for the safety of the drivers and of the safety of the people around it. This would be one sad moment of the Huntsville trip. I guess I did hope that the wounded and passed away were Christians, and that Christ will take care of them if it really was their time to go. But I was surprised at the maturity of the students from Central on our bus at least. All of us took a moment of silence. I was actually amazed. I guess it did worry me a bit.......if it was someone I knew. I was relieved it was Friday though and dad drove locally around London on Fridays, and that it's pretty much guaranteed he couldn't have been involved. Well we talked about it for a bit afterwards, but I guess it was somewhat forgotten.....well not really forgotten but you know how in human nature things do move on.....and we went back on with our chatting about some things more happier. But since the collision did happen, lots of us called our parents telling them we'd run late. And apparently it was in the papers this morning according to Lindsay. Unfortunately both the drivers died.....but I just hope that they were Christian and that Christ will look after them in heaven now.  Well the last few moments of our Huntsville trip.......photos photos and more photos. We got a pic of me and Mitch on the broken seat, I was in the air and Mitch being the counterweight was on the ground. Memories of the chair lol. Then some random pics of all of us. It was pretty cool. Nice ending to a great trip.  When we got back to school though......the collision on the highway apparently did affect us. One of the buses almost swerved into a ditch from the accident, but lucky they didn't. Brian Wong told me he prayed also for them, and both him and I believe this was God's works for sure. So yeah since I believe that, I'd like to thank God for sure for keeping us kids on the buses safe....and this reminds me of the Bible verse in Matthew 19:14 that goes:  " Jesus said, 'Let the little children come to me, and do not hinder them, for the kingdom of heaven  belongs  to such as these.' "  It truly makes me think of the fact that God does love everyone....Children, the old, and of course the working age people. But yeah I really do thank God for looking over us this whole time.  Well after finding everything I needed to find, my luggage mainly, I said my good-bye's, and cya's, and then headed to LCAC for the HYPE sleepover, which I really don't remember that well since I was already half asleep.  But I do remainder of the workshop I participated in. Since I got there late I just made it for the presenting basically. We sang "Jesus Loves Me" for our song. What the workshop was according to the explaining given to me was they looked over songs, and tried finding the good parts/bad parts of the song, and about what the songs mean. But I wasn't really there for the larger portion of the workshop, so unfortunately I can't say much about it. But I bet it was a blast. Anyways I did make it for prayer still, where I was grouped with Josh and Wendy, and also for GORGON! lol.  Gorgon basically is when our church was pitch black, except for one room having light. Spooky. Reminds me of the movie "Darkness Falls" since the Gorgon can only roam in the dark. Well basically we have to find 3 parts to a flashlight *two batteries and the flashlight* and then put it together and shine it at the "monster" to kill it. Well first game I tried too hard and got tired and then just let myself get tagged, but we still won! Second game....where I had a weapon....we lost lol. Gavin was chasing us down and I provided cover. Basically the people ran out the back door while I whapped Gavin w/ my pillow a few times, causing him to be blinded and confused then ran out the door also. Then 2nd time I kinda deeked him w/ the pillow then ran in. Eventually I got caught though. But the climax of the losing game for us was when Kendrick TOTALLY deeked out a crippled Gavin. Gavin got crippled from running into a wall and getting a door slammed in his hand *ouch.* But the wall colliding....sorry Gavin no sympathy w/ that kind of running skill you deserve to be hit by the wall lol. J/k man. But yeah it was pretty funny at the moment until he stayed on the ground for 10 mins. Then he got cheap and tagged the sympathetic people around him lol.   2/21/04   The aftermath of fatigue from Huntsville.....LOTS of sleeping   Well in the morning......I woke up @ around 1030 after a night of.............sleeping. The others except Mike played Risk while Mike slept also lol. Well in the morning I hobbled around in my sleeping bag...looking like a cocoon and then ate breakfast, had a failure game of Risk 2210 AD and then went home.  And now............well, back to my average blogging life. Today I'm just gonna relax, and wait for the mosh of people coming over for dinner lol. I dunno who but lots of people. But before I close this long entry, I'd just like to say to everyone............  HUNTSVILLE! SMURF! SHMUCK! AND GORGON! And of course.......It was great being the only Asian in the back of Violet bus lol.  Later people=)
     

    



       
       2/18/04   Really Lazy....Plus Huntsville   O..k....sorry people but since tomorrow I'm going to Huntsville.....I'M TOO LAZY TO BLOG! Cya!  Basically I had my average school day, SC, and then packing. Later.
     

    



       
       2/17/04   ONLY 1 MORE DAY UNTIL HUNTSVILLE!   WEE! I can't wait. Only two more  days until we drive four hours into the middle of nowhere, play for some hick school then head for the Deerhurst^_^. Wow. What trip could be better than that? Gr. 11 NYC trip, which I am looking forward to.  I'm really tired....so I think that I'll summarize my school day:  -Woke up -Music was boring -Science we had a sub....Mr. Curphey broke his leg so we have a sub for the week -Lunch we went to McD's -Bio was fun...blood pressure measuring is funny and I felt my heartbeat. 60 bpm hehehe. -English was funny. Romeo and Juliet is hilarious when people in your class read it. Elaina can't really figure out how to read without laughing, and Lilian kills literature reading w/ a monotonous voice.  And that was it. Basically. And bus ride home talked to Dejan and Elaina. Took Cherryhill today instead of Whitehills as I was too lazy to wait for Whitehills. So I ran for the Cherryhill. I make sense huh =P. Me and Dejan talked a lot about programming class. Though Hyperstudio is an embarrasing program, Dejan has a pretty sick "The Matrix" Slideshow. I was surprised how nice it was. Well after that I got off my bus...then walked home. Originally I was gonna breakdance after school but no stereo >=(.  Well yeah today was pretty short. From 5-7 it was SC. Then eating. And Now I go do h/w.  Not too exciting....but on Saturday i'll have a blog for Thursday, Friday, and Saturday. So yeah that will have to be summarized lol. But yeah. I'm kinda lazy today so this is my blog. *Poink*  WAIT! ALmost forgot. New Haircut lol. And also...yeah that's basically it lol.
     

    



       
       2/17/04   ONLY 2 MORE DAYS UNTIL HUNTSVILLE!   WEE!
     

    



       
       2/16/04   WEST BEATS EAST! And I am very sleep deprived.   Six hours of sleep is never good. I WAS gonna do point form blog today....but decided that since I have time might as well do it the usual way....  This morning was really retarted. Mr. Clark decided that he'd move band from Wednesday to Monday.........wow and after watching some of the all star game *where the west beat east* and washing the dishes from yesterday having people over.......i was just a WEE bit tired. So yeah band was pretty boring.....played songs and stuff. Mr. Clark passed around this piece of paper for us to put down our snowboarding/skiing skills. That was basically it I was VERY tired.  Ok I'll just summarize history and civics. Note taking and lectures from Ms. Manson. Oh yeah me and Hammond planned out what's happening @ Huntsville too lol.  Lunch we went to Jasper's. Jason decided to come too today. And today I realized that Jason paid more than he did at Basemant Jam than he was supposed to. Apparently he thought I gave him a 5 dollar bill for no reason and took his 10, when really I was trying to pay for the both of us w/ his 10 since I figured it would work out for the person in charge of change. So I gave Jason my 5, and the 10 would pay for the both of us. Apparently Jason didn't know that, and he paid for himself anyways. Though in the end he believed it was worth it.....I actually didn't know he still payed for himself afterwards lol. Well yeah had lunch, then math.  Math was pretty funny. "Musical Glasses" as Mr. Gilbert calls is beginning to get very popular. Me, Nick, Mike, and Maggie traded around glasses to see how we looked. Lol me w/ Nick's glasses makes me look like a FOB lmao. With my hair and thick rimmed glasses....wow it was funny. Maggie probably looked the funniest though....Nick's glasses didn't even fit her but when she put em on it was funny. And Mike was annoying John like usual, and vice versa, and I now am improving w/ factoring ^_^. That was the main part of it....and Courtney let her PMS out on Thompson again. And this little ball of something was rolling around on the ground....it amused me Nick and Kyla for bout....10 minutes lol.  Then programming. spent 50 minutes making ONE IMAGE! I TRULY DESPISE *hate is a bit harsh* ADOBE ELEMENTS! JUST BUY PHOTOSHOP YA CHEAP SCHOOL! Well at least I finished it.....and now I gotta work on the rest of my stupid Hyperstudio project.  Stage Band X....final runover went fairly well. Had to wait till 3 before it started though since they had one more coffeehouse audition. So we all sat around in the outside hall waiting for the doors to open. I looked at the other rooms for Huntsville. Hahaha Finlan's stuck w/ Giles. And what else....can't remember much else. Think Brian Wong's with Arjun and some other people. But yeah some of the other room combos are pretty funny.  Well stage band went by quick, then walked to bus stop and talked to Nick for a bit.  Well I'm off to cut my hair now *NOOO LONG HAIR IS GONNA GO!* So yeah later.
     

    



       
       2/15/04   Happy B-day Wendy! 50 pounds of meat..........mmmm   *Insert Birthday song here.* Yeah it was nice to have a day of eating....I mean honestly, what could beat a day of worship @ church, class w/ Brian, NFL street, Wendy's B-day, 50 pounds of meat AND the NBA All-Star game?! All that except game 7 of Stanley Cup finals maybe =P. But it was a really packed day....so packed I forgot lunch and my afternoon nap I was planning...being delayed and omitted by NFL street. Good reason at least.  Today instead of waking up at 8:30 and leaving @ 8:50....I woke up an hour earlier than usual. Why? I'M DOING PRAISE THIS WEEK! Yes.....though I have to wake up an hour early it's worth it. I mean....it just feels so good being up there leading the congregation. No matter the size, you are still there for the same purpose...to serve the Lord and let the congregation have a sense of unity when we are praising the Lord. So I went to pick up Gloria, and then headed to church. Weird. I dunno if it's just me, but it seems as though Gloria lives in the same house as Steph Alexiou, cuz I know they both live on Paperbirch. Who knows maybe Steph rents out the basement to UWO students or sometin. But yeah picked up Gloria, then picked up Jason. Today actually was kinda convenient, as Jason had to do ushering anyways also. Funny. Since he was ushering he dressed up in a shirt and tie n stuff.......but then all the more spiffy look ended when it hit his shoes. Good old And 1's lol. So we got to the church FIRST! YEAH THAT'S RIGHT JOSH AND GAVIN I WAS EARLY FOR ONCE! And we actually WAITED *NO WAY* for Josh and Gavin. So yeah we got set up and stuff, and actually had enough time to run through all the songs. We had a really good run....and when we finished perfect timing.....Pastor Mackness called us to the back to do prayer. We had a guest speaker today. Reverend Li. Amazing speaker. Though his way of speech was pretty funny....it really shot a good point, which I'll explain later. Anyways we did prayer before we started service....and then singspiration.  BAH! Our beginning was a bit rough....but transition into We Wanna See Jesus Lifted High.....PERFECT! No flaws whatsoever. Exactly what we wanted all yesterday....we finally got it hehehe. I think God was there for u for that moment to really help us. We were PERFECTLY in sync it seemed. But yeah singspiration went fairly well from our point of view....but apparently Josh's Powerpoint.......VERY flawwed out. Chris after service basically nagged at us for not looking over it. But I honestly thought we shoulda gave Josh a break. The kid spent up to 2am making the powerpoint....I know how difficult it can be to proofread at that time. Coffee sometimes fails even. But yeah it overall went pretty well.  The message today was very hard-hitting in me. I mean it really gave me a big punch in the face. All this time I was wondering how close of a relationship I had w/ Christ....and I always thought you know.....I think I'm doing ok. But heck no. I can't even remember key Bible verses....like John 3:16 or the Lord's Prayer. Well yeah after the speaker Reverend Li pointed that out....yeah It's time I find a way to memorize Bible Verses. I think the title of the sermon was "When the Lord Reigns...." according to Josh. But yeah Reverend Li gave out an analogy of how Christians look w/ clothes. I mean honestly....when you look @ someone one thing you judge them by is their clothes. In a Christian's life....our daily acts is basically how people judge us....and how we act can determine if people think of us as Christians. Also he hand another analogy w/ Christians living in the light and vacuum cleaners. He as saying how one time this one salesman came and showed him this powerful cleaner and then the reverend's own. You may not see it with the naked eye, but under the light you can see it perfectly. It's kinda like how we may not be able to see everyday Christians' doing....but under the light of the cross it is VERY clear. He was a great speaker though. Knew how to make us laugh yet still make the sermon serious. Then came song of response....which went pretty good, and then offering. It's good to see Jason starting to become so involved w/ our church. Pretty cool sight. After that we then had Benediction, just before we left my dad made an announcement about the dinner @ my house tonight and about if anyone needs a ride contact him. I added the comment for them to try to use one plate so I don't have to clean as much. Then dad mentioned it was Wendy's birthday today *happy bday Wendy!* also, and our whole congregation sang "Happy Birthday" for her lol. Then went downstairs for usual talking before class.  Jason changed from his spiffy suit....and into basketball gear lol. Anyways yeah we had class....discussed the sleepover mostly for Friday and HYPE. Yeah a few of us will be late for various reasons *work, Huntsville, etc* and the confirmed start time is 7. Yeah after that basically I left taking Jason w/ me to my house....and we picked up NFL Street on the way from his house.  Wow.........FUN lol. NFL street was never better. We did some pretty hilarious plays today. We had an all DB team which kicked ASS. Passing? No problem all our guys can catch. Coverage? uhh....6 DB's should do it lol. Then I also had an all D-Lineman team which Jason finished the game with. AMazing defense but crummy offence. Our receiver consisted of Washington from the Pats and...Crap forgot my runningback's name lol. Think it was Payne from the Texans. And also.......the climax....it came when Gavin and them came around 4. LOL hilarious. Well it was after dinner. So first I'll cover dinner. But before that....yeah we got kicked off ps2 and my dad put on LOTR I *seen it like 10 times so I left for comp* and yeah we all stared at Gavin playing Gunbound for bout 5 mins.....then DINNER!  50 POUNDS OF MEAT HAS NEVER BEEN BETTER! Plus salad, and etc etc. WoW AMAZING! I was stuffed afterwards. Plus we had B-day cake for Wendy. And then after that we headed downstairs for some PS2. IT was the faceoff between Gavin and his Brother....HENDRICK. Dun, DUn....DUN! Basically it was a huge game of interceptions and MAAD plays. Hendrick mayde 70 yard bombs....and  between the two of em they had 5 inteceptions in less than 3 minutes. ME AND JASON STRUGGLE TO GET 1 IN 3 GAMES! But yeah hilarious game....and Hendrick WON! which was hilarious. Gavin was pretty humiliated afterwards. Such a good game though. And then Jason played Wendy....where surprisingly Wendy was actually playing decent against Jason. It's just the fact that *quoted from Jason* "SHE PLAYS SO UNPREDICTABLY I CAN'T KEEP UP WITH HER!" Lol on a passing play she would run it then pitch it 4 times before her player was downed lol. Though Jason won.....he won in a very frustrating way lol.  Yeah after that some Virtua fighter where Wendy and Jason dominated. I hate the game. Wendy got sick of Silent Hill 3's camera angles, and then everyone had to go.  I washed dishes afterwards. Whoo.  And now I'm off to sleep. Band 2morrow. Later. Yeah but overall....very fun day. 
     

    



       
       2/14/04   Happy Valentine's Day!...Pretty fun day   Hmm though Saturday's always start off groggy and slow, it ended off pretty well. Praise practice, adventure of getting Josh's stuff from UCC parking lot, and HYPE.....NOTHING could ever top that.....except for a better day =P. Yeah weird Valentine's day huh? But I still don't get why some people sometimes despise Valentine's day. I mean it's like any other day........but now stereotyped w/ red hearts and cinnamon candies shaped like hearts, when really the heart would never look like a.....two humped thing coming to a point. The actual thing is like......you know......the thing that pumps your blood. But yeah......honestly Valentine's day to me is like any other day....I don't exactly hate it, nor do I love it. I don't get why 30% of the people I know seem to hate it. Anywho....yeah on with my day.  Like I said, my day started off slow like usual. Woke up at 10am, and then started to practice piano right away. Scales, dominant 7th chords, etc. They were all there. Ugh torture. And it pisses me off how I probably won't be doing June exam but doing February exam just because of stupid techniques n stuff. My songs are actually REALLY good. But yeah went to piano lessons, then right after that I headed off to church...er wait....wait yes I did go to church. Forgot I had brunch hehehe.  Anyways I finally made it for worship practice. Apprently Chris isn't doing it this week, so only me, Gloria, Josh and Gavin were doing it. Originally I thought Chris would too because normally he did, and also he called me. Well we ended up only practicing for an hour and a half or so.....when then I made a cup of hot chocolate 70% powder, 20% sugar and 10% water.......wow as it good. Tastes like a Cadbury chocolate egg liquified. Gavin and Josh were practicing songs for HYPe meeting tonight. After they were done I called mom to come pick me  and Josh up, and take Gloria home. Well while we were waiting.....we had LOTS Of chips.....mmmm Fritos are soooo good. And then I forgot how this ever came about but yeah me and Gavin started to break down the saying "Your face on a grill on a bigger bigger grill" in ways like this:  Joe: YOUR FACE ON A GRILL ON A BIGGER BIGGER GRILL! Gavin: Hmm........wonder if there's a way to shorten it. Joe & Gavin: Uhh............ Joe: YOUR FACE ON A GRILL....SQUARED! Gavin: THAT'S BRILLIANT!  lol jokes. But yeah we started breaking that down, then we went into more detail about if grill was an exponent like the following:  Joe & Gavin:Grill to the fourth plus grill to the fifth equals grill to the ninth Josh: Exponents don't add unless they are multiplied Gavin:That's not true....we'll ask Gloria. Gloria can you add exponents? Gloria: What's the base number? Joe & Gavin: Grill.  Yeah that was part two of distinguishing the saying about faces on grills. And then after  that mom finally arrived and drove us home. Stopped Subway for food, then went home. Well my mom went to UCC, and me and Josh played some SC w/ Jason, and I played some DDR. By now you should know I don't have a mat since mine BROKE! Ugh. Anyways yeah......well when it was time to leave for HYPE....we realized somethin. Well my mom took the minivan w/ Josh's stuff to UCC, and well my dad was taking us in the Honda. So we kinda had to get Josh's stuff somehow. Lol in the end we drove to UCC parking lot, stuck a note in mom's car....and yoinked Josh's stuff from my mom's car and put it into dad's. It felt so weird lol. People were just looking at us as they passed by with the weirdest faces. *Why are those people taking stuff from that car?* But yeah after that we picked up Jason, and amazingly.....we were kinda early. Er.......well more like 5 mins late but in my time it's kinda early lol.  HYPE was pretty good today. First off since we didn't start right away, me and Jason were locked in a "fast" paced game of chess. Lol since Jason was missing a rook we used a Hershey Kiss to replace it first of all. Afterwards Calvin ate it lol and we replaced it with the remains of the chocolate...the wrapper. Yeah I lost in the end, but for half the game Calvin would barge in and switch around pieces in stuff. Pretty funny game though. Anywas we  then started off w/ some praise songs led by Josh and Gavin, then we split into groups talking about prayer. I hope this lesson helped some of the new people *or n00bs as Brian K called em lol* that have just recently started coming to our church. It even got me back on track...and reminded me of the ACTS thing to help with basic layout of prayer. Actually normally I pray in  like a letter format...you know salutation, body paragraph, and closing. Well I almost totally forgot about the ACTS acronym, and I'll share it with you guys now:  -Adoration -Confession -Thanksgiving -Supplication  Basically it means you start with you know....words of praise. Then you start to confess your sins and ask for forgiveness. Then you a word of thanks...for you know......the stuff He has done in the world for you. And finally supplication....or prayer requests. Yeah that is basically one way of looking at prayer. Obviously you can just do one sometimes....but yeah that's one basic layout for praying. There is also PART, but I forgot what it stands for. Praise, word that means confession that starts with an A, forgot what R is (something like thanks giving) and Thanks. So it's basically the same thing, different letters. But yeah we learned about prayer mainly....and then ended in a closing prayer. After that we went upstairs to grab some stuff to eat....and Jason went onto alienware and made a 17,000 dollar comp lol. But yeah we then watched a bit of slam dunk competition......then had to go home.  Anyways I gotta sleep now. Gotta wake up early for worship tomorrow. Later.
     

    



       
       2/13/04   Gonna Miss semi=(...Least I'm sessioning =).   Yeah it's unfortunate. But with all the Gr. 12's not having tickets, huge lineups, and the trouble the school's going through just to fit as many Gr. 12's as possible to semi, I felt that I shouldn't buy a ticket. I mean really, I can still go to semi next year and Gr. 12, but the graduating class.....it's their last year. So that's why I also kinda felt bad for them since 250 of the 500 going to semi are 9ers. Honestly be a bit generous you fresh shmucks. Give up your tickets to people who may never see some friends ever again at a dance after this semi. But oh well, least I can't be blamed for selfishness, I decided not to buy one just to hopefully let another Gr. 12 get a ticket. So yeah instead I'm gonna just go session tonight. But yeah I couldn't believe how many 9ers are going to semi this year too. 250 of them. Last year the gr. 9 student body *the one I was in* only had 250 kids lol. I wonder how the semi's gonna go w/ half of them being 9ers. Meh. Well yeah this is why I'm now ending up going to session @ UCC instead. I hope I can sorta link millz tonight, or get one handed rollbacks.....well at least get the foundation of it =P.  But anyways to my school day. I WAS EARLY FOR ONCE AND MADE IT TO PATRICKS HOUSE *breathes* WITHOUT HIM COMING TO MY HOUSE TO PICK ME UP BECAUSE I'M "LATE." YEAH that's right. And I even got to school BEFORE 810. Wow punctuality....but for some reason I kept thinking I forgot something.....meh I'll figure that out later I thought.  Well off to music. YAY NO MR. McCUMBER! MR. RICHARDSON WAS BACK! For a day. He as a pretty cool teacher. Some of his jokes were pretty funny from before I remembered. By the way Mr. Richardson was our previous long term sub teacher. Mrs. Wharton is still not back. But yeah we had him for a teacher today, and then Miss. Mitsopoluos *I dunno how to spell her last name, some Southern Euro last names are so cool but hard to spell.* Well according to Jason's blog *go to it it's in link section of my site* Miss. M's name is spelled  Mitsopoulos. Wonder if he's right. So I was kinda close. But enough side tracking. Miss M then came into our classroom and handed out Huntsville Itineraries, and also hunted down the people who haven't payed, and also talked to us about how we gotta sign up for a bus.. YAY! We only play for one school for half an hour, then have one and a half days to screw around and do w/e we want. SOOO COOL. Hmm....wonder how I'll blog for that day. Laptop? Doubt anyone would take one. Meh I'll blog after I guess. Oh yeah and also earlier when I looked at bus signup sheet....Hammond signed us up already. That's good........except we were on the empty bus. At least more people signed on later lol. But there were only like 10 of us before. I felt so isolated. But meh not anymore =P. And then off to science.  Confusing like usual because I hate physics, and also more note taking. Nothing amusing really.  And lunch. Went to Jasper's Cafe and did some bio h/w. Didn't really finish it. Couldn't even finish one sheet. What a waste of time lol. I shoulda brought theory h/w. Oh well anywho yeah that was basically it. And then......we walked back to school and time for bio class.  Bio class was not productive.......but friggin hilarious today lol. We were "working" on our projects, but me Underhill Robert and Okanski wasted our time just talking bout random crap. We went from ghost stories to spinning a pencil top lol. Yeah we talked about movies like Darkness falls, Butterfly Effect, Chuckie, etc. Rober then pointed out it's kinda weird how we are talking bout this stuff on Friday the 13th. Weird. Meh. Uh huh. Ok.What? Bleh. I'll stop with that now. Anyways yeah we did that for the whole time.....and talked about haunted stuff. Lol it was a funny class though. Best Bio class ever probably. But yeah after all that wasted time with some productivity......it was time for 5th period.  English we read more. Left Behind is still a awesome book. It's actually a book I'm interested in. I might try finding the 2nd book now too. But yeah now the main character Rayford finally believes in Christ, and now starts going to church after the saved go to heaven. And some other Sunday Christians *aka Christians who don't really believe therefore not being saved* and those now go to church and are more devoted seeing what has happened. And some other stuff....but I won't reveal anymore. And then we read more of Romeo and Juliet. Remember when I said I thought I forgot something? I did. My Romeo and Juliet book=P. Also Heather was telling me about how she had EVERYTHING for semi....but then wasn't able to get a semi ticket. Poor kid. I feel so old calling people my age kids lol. But yeah I really feel bad for those people. I mean spending 350 bux on an outfit, plus shoes, and in girls' case getting their hair done and etc, it can really be costly. Anyways back to Romeo and Juliet.  Read the scene w/ Romeo and them at the Capulet party. I doubt I'd actually ruin this story if i revealed it since I think EVERYONE has had some perspective of this play. So yeah we read that, took some notes, and etc. etc. Oh yeah there were some funny parts. Like I started laughing my ass off when they said "the chinks" in one part of the play. People understood why lol. But yeah I just started laughing a lot. And another part everyone was laughing too. Romeo and Juliet can be a funny play when you compare some words used then for good w/ words used now w/ a bad meaning or sound like it *ho, chink, knave, etc.* But it's really funny.  Anyways left school..o0o0o got a ride from Patrick. o0o0o0o what? Yeah he happened to pass by my bus stop and offered a lift so I took it. Apparently Patrick's dad was trying to find out where to drop off Pat tonight at the Hilton. We found it, then went home. On the way back Pat was talking about Mr. Rice and how funny he was. Reminded me of last year. Especially the Sarnia trip lol. I remember Hammond told me about how Mr. Rice shut him and others down at their trip to Sarnia *there was two:*  Hammond and others: Mr. Rice why don't you chill w/ us back here? Mr. Rice: Uhh....no I would rather not sit back there w/ fags and losers like you.  That tops Dan's story about Miss Howard making fun of him for doing the I BROUGHT MY GUNS TO SCHOOL *flexes arms lol.* But yeah on our trip Mr. Rice was making fun of Mr. Douglas a lot and also talked about LOTS of stuff that happened to him @ Yuk Yuk's when he worked there. Hilarious teacher. But yeah....once I got home....I realized I forgot something else. CRAP I WAS SUPPOSED TO WAIT FOR DAN. That kid is gonna kill me lmao. Oh well yeah anyways I hope he went home and won't be stranded somewhere like EOA. So anyways I'm out.....gonna go do some stuff like piano, SC, sleep, eat, then Session. Later.  And I'm back. Yes back from sessioning. Well anyways before I went to session, apparently Daniel did come to my house lol. I accidentally sorta forgot *sorry man if you're reading this* about waiting for him, and well he decided to bus on his own and show up at my door.........VERY PISSED. I was pretty apolegetic about it....ehehehehe today hasn't been the best for memory bank huh =P. Well yeah he came, we hung out for a bit, ate gung jai mein and then left for UCC.  UCC.....meh. Still trying to work on windmill. Yes that's without the "s" as Will pointed out. I can't really get past one lol. My 2nd one looks like crap. Ugh well least I can still hop w/ handstands. Oh yeah me and Calvin nailed our double planche move too today lol. Oh man my triceps hurt like hell now though. What else happened at UCC? 1990/2000 free circle lol, trying to work on air chair and millz, oh yeah and Calvin can sorta do headspin now. I really need to work on breaking more. Need space/cardboard.  Anyways yeah that's basically what happened...lots of breaking. Anyways I'm out though for good now.....still gotta finish up piano and some other stuff. Cya.
     

    



       
       2/12/04   Final descision: Can't go to Semi. And It's Marcello's Birthday.   Yeah before anything else....HAPPY BIRTHDAY MARCELLO! Yeah unfortunately I couldn't go to the party tonight because I had to go out for a family dinner.....but hopefully he likes the gift I gave him.  And onto the rest of my day.  This morning I sorta woke up early.....but then decided to flop back into bed. So yeah in the end I didn't wake up early, and left at the same time as usual. Patrick was waiting outside on my driveway again in his van. Ugh makes me feel late lol.  Well today was a day 1 so I really don't care if I'm late or not. History isn't exactly IMPORTANT. Especially CANADIAN HISTORY. Well it's ok i guess...but Depression era sucks. Well we learned about the Dionne Quintuplets......"famous" group of babies which I never heard of. Apparently they were the first group of quintuplets to survive through a lifetime. Two still live I heard. But yeah we watched a video for the whole time today. And then announcements came.....apparently they are selling 100 more semi tickets. But too bad I forgot the form so I'm ruled out of that by default. But yeah after announcements came civics.  Civics we learned about symbols of Canada. OUR CLASS IS SO FRIGGIN QUIET. Ms. Manson even thinks we are too quiet for a class. You know your class is sad when the teacher says you're too quiet. But yeah the peace kinda broke after Nick started to do that water dropping thing with his mouth, and I started to talk w/ Hammond and Dave. Dave was talking about his dad's army stories like this one where this guy had to be trained to give himself needles, except when he stabbed it into his thigh he stabbed it the wrong way and ended up piercing his thumb. And my civics class is so crappy......only like 10 people are going to semi. My class seems to be the quietest class in the whole school.  Anywho after that came lunch. YAY! Nothing special today. No pushing into snow, no snowballs. Just plain old lunch at Galleria.  And in math it was like usual. Lots of laughs and crazy stuff happening. Mike was drawing on John's neck, and eventually John got so pissed off that he almost threw Mike over his shoulder. Then me and Nick started talking about.....how our math class couldn't ever factor x+1.....and we'd all have hemorrages and die....but then I realized you can't factor x+1. lol. And I forgot what the square root of one is. Yup.....this is why I have an 80 in math =P. Smart kid eh? But yeah we didn't really do much today except review. And got some h/w. Now to programming.  Programming started late because of this law test Mr. Cox was giving out to gr. 11's or 12's. Well yeah today we started working on projects right away. I in the end decided to do NHL, since breakdancing needed mpg's for video clips. Now I need to figure out what to do for the NHL thing. Oh yeah and something kinda funny happened today in programming. Cam was kinda put on the spot lol. Wilson came into our programming class, as the Gr. 12's are looking for scalpers for semi, since it's their last year. But yeah basically it went sometin like:  Wilson: Anyone in here willing to sell their semi ticket? Cam: I'll sell you mine for $200... Wilson:*replies quickly* 4 for $100 Cam: *Starts counting fingers and stares blankly* But....WAIT A MINUTE! THAT'S LESS THAN THE AMOUNT I SAID.  Yeah real smart there Cam. Lol. But yeah he was kinda put on the spot there. But also from that I kinda feel sorry for the Gr. 12's. After programming I'd see all these signs pinned up all over the school begging 9ers and 10's to sell their semi tickets to gr 12's. Some were willing to pay 50 bux. If I were a gr. 10 w/ a ticket I'd  have sold mine. Just for the fact that I can still go next year, but they can't. They'll be @ the charity ball @ UWO maybe, or w/e other universities have. But yeah if I could make a difference, I would have.  Well after school we WERE gonna session but Spencer and Igor had to work out, so me and Steve ended up leaving. Well I worked on millz for a bit, and we tried to see who could connect the most freezes. Our record was 3...or maybe 4. Steve did some combo like table top, to chair, airchair, and then......well I guess it's 3 lol. I don't know what he coulda done from air chair.  Anyways, got home, played some SC, then went to McGuiness landing, and dropping off Marcello's b-day present and saying happy birthday. HOLY CRAP the burgers at McGuiness are GOOD. I couldn't really finish mine, but it was AMAZING. I wanna go there again lol. And their milkshakes are amazing too.  But yeah now I'm sitting here, blogging, and doin h/w. Gotta sleep for tomorrow. Tired. Cya.  
     

    



       
       2/11/04   Short day.....bland also   Well today......I'm VERY tired so I'll do the good old short entry short form blog.  -Woke up for stupid band -Ate -Got a ride to school for stupid band -Went to stupid band -Then came music  class -Mr. McCumber was having lots of moodswings today -Science....went to fill out registration forms -Did some notes -Went to lunch at Galleria. Stupid THompson spilled some coffee on me. Fag. -Checked him into snowbank for vengeance ^_^ -Bio class had a sub teacher and took down notes *Lindsay did 2nd half of my sheet for me...just a big thank you to her =P* -English.....read Romeo and Juliet. Shakespeare literature is VERY disturbing sometimes. -Went home on bus -Ate, SC, random stuff. Napped -Theory -Watched TV, SC -Now I go eat and then sleep  Later.
     

    



       
       2/10/04   ONE MORE WEEK TILL HUNTSVILLE! YAY! And a month or so until TC   You can tell when I start to run out of blog titles lol. Coming up with titles like ONLY THIS AMOUNT OF TIME LEFT UNTIL THIS HAPPENS! But anyways........it won't stop me from blogging about my day =P. So Start reading!  This morning I woke up late.......so I only had 15 mins to get ready. Ate quickly got dressed brushed teeth n stuff then ran out the door. Patrick's car was waiting on my driveway....hinting that I'm late. Crap. Oh well we still got to school on time at least. He was asking me about what semi was like last year for the ride to school. Obviously semi was really fun. But yeah got to school perfectly on time....5 min bell JUST rang.  So yeah just made it into history on time. One of the guidance councellors came in and talked about how basically the descisions we make this year affect us a lot. Could almost screw your life over. Great message.  But yeah after being lectured about how to not be a hobo, came the rest of history class. We learned about the depression 30's still. NOthing exciting. Found out test is on 24th. Whoo. Not a WHOO! a Whoo. Sarcasm. Then announcements came on and then there was the 5 min interlude where I sit in the same room and wait for civics class to come in.  While sitting there.......I actually almost fell asleep. 5 mins can get PRETTY boring. I woke up when Hammond punched me. And then civics came along. Me and Dave spent half the time staring at Hammond's Palm Pilot thing while he was playing Jawbreaker or sometin *kinda like collapse* and took some notes down about Governments. And I'm even falling asleep from writing this part of blog because civics can get REALLY boring. Being in the same classrom 2 periods in a row ISN'T FUN. Also I have the same teacher. Least Jason sees a different face. Well yeah after that came lunch.  Lunch we headed to Galleria. At first I was gonna get Subway but then switched to BK. Need Coffee so I won't get bored in math. Thompson got a free refill from my double cup....wee we scammed BK today! I feel special =P. The downside of free refills....customers abuse it ^_^. Me and Nate would ditch Mike and Thompson for a bit....but they caught up. Lol then Nate used Mitch's Joke on Thompson *He's American:*  Nate: Hey Thompson stick out your arm *Thompson sticks out arm* *Nate hits it* Thompson: Wth? you hit me. Nate: Just trying to match your wrist skin colour w/ your neck's.  If you didn't get that joke.....UR CUT. I even gave it away at the beginning. But yeah I was sorta thinkin "Wow I just told you that joke from Mitch." What a biter lol. Afterwards I forgot why.......but randomly Nate pushed Thompson into the snow. The score: Nathan 4, Thompson 1. Nathan as you can see is killing Thompson in this season's throwing each other into the snow competition. Anyways....back to school now. O0o0o0o Matchmakers came out today. Bought mine....results are kinda the same as last year.....although my best friends list is sorta weird. Best friends w/ Arjun and Christian? I barely know em lol. And apparently I bubbled in my bday wrong. I bubbled in Dec. 10 instead of Oct. 12. Whoops =P.  Math class we had some old hag teach us. UGH SHE WAS SO BORING. And annoying. We couldn't do anything with her watching us. We make a peep and she'd walk over and stare at you and the people around you for 20 minutes. So yeah I didn't get much work done. Also most of the time we just spent exchanging matchmakers and looking at each other's. Also I spent half the time filling out my Central form, and talking to Nick about music. Least no H/w ^_^  Programming was usual. Played some games w/ Alex and then started my final project sorta. Still brainstorming an idea. Breakdancing or NHL? Maybe a car company. At first I WAS gonna do Music. Trance, Dance, etc. and their artists w/ mp3's in background but apparently Mr. Dayus doesn't want our files to be too big. Doesn't wanna overload the school's hard drives. So I am still thinking up what to do.  After school no sessionin today. Just went home.  Played drums, SC, then drums again. Now I'm doing blog, eating, and gonna soon start h/w. Gotta sleep early tonight for band 2morrow. Later.
     

    



       
       2/9/04   Bah....another Monday Gone.   Well once again another Monday has come and gone by. Today wasn't really that much more exciting than any other Monday. It was you know.........average.  today I actually decided to wake up early.....7am! GAH THE SUN ISN'T EVEN OUT YET! But yeah I decided to wake up early for once. Maybe I won't be late getting out of the door. But anywho this morning I had fried rice *mmmmm* and then did the rest of morning routine and headed out the door. Perfect timing. Patrick's car was just leaving and I make it ^_^.  For one we actually got to school before 8. I think anyways. Well actually I think we got there only 2 minutes earlier than 8:10 cuz I heard bell go right off after I went in. Now I head to music class.  REALLY boring today. Meaghan was actually early for once though. Wow. Me and her chatted for a bit about Friday night still. Basement Jam....pretty hard to forget. I remember it better than factoring in math. But yeah apparently her church watched the clips from the night *a lot of people recorded* and it was Phenomenal. But yeah that conversation was cut short when class started. Mr. mcCumber seems to be pretty peeved about anyone that makes a peep in class *other than instruments.*  For half the class we listened to some Fugue. Wow.....it served no purpose whatsoever. We were supposed to play a Fugue today *2nd half to Prelude and Fugue* but in the end we didn't have enough time because saxophones seem to not understand that you have to blow into your instrument to make sound. Now don't get me wrong if you're some sax person at Central....but the ones in my class *except for Bradburn he seems to be able to do something* ALL CAN'T PLAY ANYTHING. Sorry but it's kinda true =P. Well like usual we played and played. Mr. McCumber today didn't get PMS. Then came announcements, and time for science *shudder.*  Science like usual took notes and sorta fell asleep. Don't remember much else. Oh yeah we started physics. Whoo.  YAY LUNCH! Today I finally convinced Mophead *Thompson* and Nate to go to Jasper's. Unfortunately Thompson hates it already cuz he got the same thing I got  *Chicken Salad Wrap which I like* and Nate just sat there doing his math h/w, then ate his lunchables lol. I dunno why but at lunch I started thinking again whether I should head to semi formal or not. I REALLY wanna get windmills.....maybe if luck gives me a smack in the face I can get em @ semi =P. Then again I'm not in the mood to ruin my suit by doing millz. If I could anyways. Lunch was probably my best time to do thinking today. Didn't have coffee to amuse me till I left cuz I decided to buy one then. But yeah today I did LOTS of thinking...  Like at the moment right now *well a few minutes back* I was thinking back on Sunday after I read Josh's blog (http://counterbalance.seventimes.net). His entry for Sunday is REALLY meaningful so I urge you people to go to it. But it really made me reflect on my Christian walk. Btw No I wasn't thinking about this in Jasper's if you're slow. But yeah I dunno why but it really made me think about my Christian walk. It also made me think of the book Left Behind. The whole thing about "who's going to go to heaven and who won't." I guess being a Christian may have you wonder sometimes whether you go to heaven or not but that shouldn't be the right emotion. I figure if you really are a Christian you KNOW that you are going to go to heaven. So why worry? Well with so many influences in this world.....why wouldn't you? I guess this is where prayer comes in, and just doing whatever is needed to improve your relatioship w/ God and secure yourself a place in heaven, which Connie yesterday depicted it as a "party" where all your friends are invited....so obviously you want to go too. But the only condition is.....you must follow God's way. Yeah I was thinking about this and this is what stopped me for a while today.  Well just think about that. And now back to my day. I'll make this fast.  Bio.......did notes. Doing a test soon. See my day 2's REALLY suck. Yes once again Ms. Wiener made fun of me because I'm somewhat slow. Mainly cuz her class is pretty boring and I zone out A LOT. Well nothing special today. Took up some h/w and now to English.  BORING. ROMEO AND JULIET=BORING. And to after school.  Stage Band X: WE ARE IMPROVING! Today I could actually make out the melody in Shark Bait, and our below Mediocre drummer jake actually completed a fill CORRECTLY! NO WAY! It was actually pretty fun. I got to play Lindsay Brown's Sax solo *though I play the trombone* in Rio Estate. I made up a bunch of notes....did some whale noises, and POOF! That was the solo. VERY amusing lol. It was actually pretty fun today and we are starting to sound good.  Well after Stage Band instead of going home.......I met up w/ Spencer, Igor, and Dan to session. We sessioned for about 45 minutes then left. Enough time for me to do a few hops and rollback into forearms. Tomorrow if I session: WINDMILLS.....LOTS OF THEM! If I can lol. Well anyways yeah Spencer had to leave pretty early and Igor left about the same time as me and Dan. Girl named Cassandra stopped by. Dunno what grade she's in if I'm not wrong I heard she's in gr. 10. But yeah I remember her from the talent show. She choreographed her own dance routine to Outkast's B.O.B. If you don't know what song that is....chances are you're either REALLY stupid or you REALLY deppreciate music.  Anyways I got home.....did some h/w, played SC, read some blogs. And now for math homework. Later. *Plunk*
     

    



       
       2/8/04   Usual Sunday....Plus LOTS of TV   Today started off normal like usual. Woke up around 8:20, did my hair, ate then left. Picked up Jason around hmm.....8:50ish? Least I wasn't late this time =P. Well we finally got to church around 8:50 or so........yay another thing we weren't late for! Hmm......well looking at my hair again in a mirror....wow it really was weird. Looked pretty messy. But I liked it. I hate taking time and making every hair straight, even though my head kinda looked like a nest lol. Meh, not like I really care. Anyways I helped Rebecca usher for a bit before we headed into the worship. While ushering I started to be amused by stupid things *like usual* and started to have a staring contest w/ a Christmas ball. Smart kid eh=P? Well after that intense competition *it was a tie obviously* we headed into the sanctuary for worship. Kinda interesting today. 4 singers and one instrument. Very Unique.  After that....well we had a word of prayer and then the sermon. Pastor Mackness today was speaking about "True Righteousness." Scripture was from Phillipians 3 3-9. It wasn't TOO bad of a sermon. Some parts of it didn't really go through my head....but I got the main point about how things that the world tell us to do may not be what God wants us to do.  But yeah after a song of response and offering *Gloria almost forgot she was ushering* and then we all headed downstairs like usual for chatting. Well Connie WAS supposed to teach us today......but for some reason she wasn't there. Turns out she woke up late and forgot to get a ride from someone.....so Brian went to pick her up.  She arrived about 10 minutes late. Had a lesson though at least. She won this thing from 105.9 *it's not up yet but this early bird thing* anyways yeah we had a different approach to a lesson today. We had a song......."I can only imagine" and from that song we did a lesson. Coincedentially we were also doing Phillipians 3. lol. Well Connie sure knew how to get a group of teens to pay attention. Bribery. What could she do w/out it? Oreos+ Ketchup Chips. Mmmm..........food. Well yeah we had some laughs, and got the lesson done and over with. Kinda reminded me of HYPE back in the old days.  Well anyways after that I stayed down with some people to set up tables and chairs for the food afterwards, and the others went up for Communion. After I finished setting up the stuff I went upstairs also, but by the time I got there it was basically over. Anyways long story short we ate then Jason came over.  To summarize the afternoon.........LOTS of NFL street lol. Well after a while I decided to check out what's on TV. CRAP MISSED NHL ALL STAR GAME. Well caught 3rd period. Amazed of how East won. Dang. Then we played some more NFL street and then Jason had to go home. 7pm-whenever....TV TIME!  Well anyways yeah, I'm now watching some of the Pro Bowl and Grammy's at the same time. So have fun reading more of my blog.....or go watch TV. later.
     

    



       
       2/7/04   Another Joe Saturday.   After a nice 8 hour sleep *below Saturday standard* I was awake at 11....tired, cranky, unstable. I was pretty tired still from yesterday. The side effects of Basement Jam. I had dreams of breaking, and in the morning I could still remember being burned by Futonics. I feel special, the whole "yay I got burned by a good crew!" thing, yup it's still fresh in my mind. But yeah once I woke up I remembered...piano lessons today *shudder.* So yeah from 11-12:30 MAD PRACTICING. Then at 1230 I left for piano lessons. Well piano lessons actually start at 1230 but I only live like 2 mins away....not like that will affect anything =P. Also I kinda left a bit late cuz my mom was complaining about sometin....meh.  But yeah....piano lessons went sorta ok. My planner book thing was a defect *like all the others* and had not enough pages so Mrs. Mitsis took all of em back and is sending them back to Business Depot for fixing. I also officially found out.....I'm not doing exam in June. Well probably not unless I start cramming like heck during the week for practicing. I average 27 mins a day in gr. 8 piano =P. Well at least I play my pieces well she said. I just hate Gr. 8 technique. Well at 1pm I finished, and well I had to go photocopy some stuff....somethin I shoulda d one 2 weeks ago.  Anyways when I got home.........ran straight to drums. I had a real urge to start drummin'. Yeah so I started doing that for around...............30 minutes? Then I sat on comp for a bit, talked on MSN....and @ 3 I headed out to session @ ucc.  Didn't really accomplish much. Millz are still stuck at linking two inconsistently, and normally it's PRETTY UGLY. I can do rollbacks better now...hmm....not much else. There was still a lot of talk about Basement Jam. Everyone still remembered how me and Calvin got burned by Futonics. Reaction when the dude picked out the name:  Host: And the first battlin' crews will be chosen from this random hat of randomness......*picks out paper* Joe and Calvin vs.....  People around us: o0o0o0o0o Joe and Calvin are FIRST UP (These people bein Stefan, Sergei, etc.)  Host: *picks out another piece of paper * FUTONICS  Me: Who are they?  Everyone else: (big O0O0O0O0O0O0O0O0O0O) Well....one thing to say "good luck guys."  lol I still remember that moment. But mostly there was HUGE talk about the Albino Zebras Vs. Crazy Ghost crew battle. Read more about it in yesterday's blog. But yeah basically that was the highlight of the night. Anyways other than that not much else happened. No friendly battles or anything today. I basically just improved on rollbacks into forearm and some footwork. Trying to incorporate a hat in. I really gotta boost my creativity skills up =P. Speaking of skills/talents it was kinda interesting how my fellowship will tie into this. But anyways before that comes I left from UCC around 5 and started walking home *ugh.*  Well on my way home, I called some people lol. Carmen, Jason, Josh. It gets pretty boring walking home....so meh when you have a cellphone........a whole new horizon looms=P. So yeah did that till I got home....and then basically got ready for HYPE. I was in my house for a total of like 6 hours today lol.  Well off to HYPE. While going there we almost forgot to pick up Jason lol. But we remembered in the end. Got him then quickly drove to Gavin's. They already started so yeah we were late lol. Not the latest though Carmen came 15 mins after. But today was different form of HYPE. We incorporated some of the issues brought up at the meeting. For example.....we started off w/ some praise songs. Trading my sorrows, the song that goes "From the ends of the earth *echo* from the depths of the sea *echo* from the heights of the heavens *echo* Your name be praised" that is the first verse. And then we went into the study for today. Ali first asked us....what are our talents? Lots of stuff was thrown in. Patient, Perfectionist, lots of people are music freaks *including me.....music can't live without it =P,* teaching, competitive, etc. Oh yeah and History Buff *Me* =P lol. In the end Ali wrote em all down...and would then lead us into the lesson. Today's topic was about Spiritual gifts, Spiritual Fruits and talents, and how they are all different. Also we talked a little bit about skills when I brought the word into the lesson. Well in the end we would all agree *since I made a HUGE debate on this lol* that Spiritual Fruits lead to Spiritual Gifts, and Spiritual Gifts lead to Spiritual Fruits. Talent is just what we particularly excel at. But yeah the lesson I liked a lot. I talked a lot in this lesson. I really felt pumped for the lesson *yeah I know it sounds weird  but it's true lol.* Also Kendrick suggested I read Proverbs 24:17-18, and I really suggest it for everyone who is competitive and likes to rub victories in other people's faces. This verse really hit me....and I'm really thankful that Kendrick showed me the verse. Tonight though I really felt God's presence at the HYPE meeting. Not as much screwing around, and lots of good talk coming out of all of us. I really think that God is doing something with this fellowship, which I TRULY praise him for. This is some of the best spiritual growth I've seen happen at my church in years. I really hope that when the HYPErs now get spiritually mature enough to be councellors that we can make as big as an impact as the current counsellors have done.  Anyways after the lesson, we closed in prayer and then headed to the food table. I went to check out Gavin's new comp, and it was one I saw in the papers. It's not bad. It even has 64MB integrated video card. Well yeah I left early because dad got there on time. Took Jason home, and Ali also. And yeah now I'm home bloggin.  Well anyways I got not much else to say. I'd just like to end w/ Proverbs 24:17-18. I mean this verse really applies to my personality, and I'm really gonna start to try to change myself to act more like the verse tells you to. Well here it is. I hope you people find this verse as meaningful as I did:    "17 Do not gloat when your enemy falls; when he stumbles, do not let your heart rejoice, 18 or the LORD will see and disapprove and turn his wrath away from him."    -Proverbs 24:17-18   Well I'm out. Later.    
     

    



       
       2/6/04   BASEMENT JAM 2004.....FRIGGIN AMAZING   Ok today's entry I'm just going to skip right until after school. I have better things to talk about today than how history class went, or how math went etc. Well anyways yeah most of this post is gonna be about Basement Jam....which was REALLY good.  Ok.....to summarize my early day. Woke up, went to school, history. Then Civics. Oh yeah our triple alliance killed the other villages ^_^. Math class we horsed around and took up this worksheet. Programming played some literati on yahoo. Oh yeah turns out Icy really does have braces. For overbite? Meh if it's really that important then I guess it's worth it. Well anyways after school, met up w/ Igor and Dan for a after school session. Turns out  Jason said he wants to come to Basement Jam too. Meh more business and it is for a good cause *and it was REALLY worth it.*  The session lasted around an hour and a half. Didn't really hit much. Just kinda fooled around, tried some new stuff, worked mostly on footwork. I really wanna start sessionin more often after school. Somethin to do. And it's benefiting me somehow too. I get better at breaking =P. Jalessa came for a bit to watch, and this other white kid did too in gr.9. Well we sessioned for a bit before we went to Stobie's, and then Igor went back to school to meet w/ Steve and me, Dan and Jason went to the bus stop to bus to my house. On my way home I just hoped that Calvin didn't ditch the main plan again like he did at Paramount.  Well got home, and Calvin called *WHEW.* Turns out he IS coming *good* and he was gonna be at my house any minute. Well I played Silent Hill 3 for a bit. Gets more and more twisted. Some person was locked up in a locker trying to claw its way through at me. Lucky it was behind glass. Then I go into a room and all of a sudden the  room starts to be covered in blood and my reflection freezes and gets covered in blood. Well then we played some DDR *controller since my pad is BOKAN!* It was decent I guess. Beat Dan ONCE! lol. Calvin then came, and we all ate then jetted for Basement Jam.  We were PERFECTLY on time. Signed up.....BUT FORGOT TO SIGN UP AS TOFU SUPERIOR! So we went in as Calvin/Joe lol. Amazed at how many people were there. There was probably somewhere around 100 people in there. A lot of people showed up. Saw lots of familiar faces from UCC. Well we started breakin around at the beginning for about 30 minutes to warm up. I just stretched and then did my common stuff. Forearm freeze, elbow, pikes, airchair. I then did a few turtles. They were pretty smooth I was surprised. Talked to some people, see who we were gonna battle. I was surprised to see how many people I knew were there. Also how I somehow bumped into Lindsay Brown and Meaghan Tanner there. They're real cool kids though. I was just REAL surprised that they were there lol. In the end I think there were 10 of us from Central. Wow. Also saw Tori *haven't seen her since Gr.9* and of course the UCC people. Apparently me and Calvin were pretty much the crappiest crew there.......so yeah everyone was hoping they'd battle us first lol. Well in the end.......we ended up battling first. Calvin/Joe vs................FUTONICS. WTH!? Wow just our luck. WE get pitted against one of the finest crews in London. Obvious what the outcome was. We lost =P. I was actually pretty happy w/ my round though. I pulled off crickets fairly well and a decent elbow freeze. Calvin pulled nice crickets too, and some freezes. But in the end like I said we lost to Futonics. I'm not surprised. Other people that got knocked out first round included lots of people that go to UCC usually on Fridays and Stefan/Igor also got knocked out first round I think. One team got a buy though... Well now round two *DING*  ROUND TWO WAS FULL OF CRAZY STUFF. But throughout the breaking, not a whole lot of power. But LOTS of style and freezes. It really shows how power isn't necessary to win a battle, and it's mostly about style. But Crazy Ghosts (SICK crew) shoulda made it a A LOT further. They somehow got knocked out by Albino and Futonics which was total crap. But anyways the main point is there were lots of good battles, and I really thought that paying 5 bux for this......was DEFINITELY worth it.  Well now we had an intermission before we went onto semi and finals. Well we had an open circle, but in the end it turned out to be....the most outrageous battle in the whole competition. CRAZYGHOST CREW VS. ALBINO ZEBRA & FUTONICS. IT WAS CRAZY! Halos, flares, elbow airflares, EVERYTHING was included in this smorgasboard of moves and style. Movie You got Served....who needs to pay 10 bux for a crap movie with a sappy storyline when you can see actual local breakers dukin it out for 5 bux and has no storyline.......just the forever grudge held between these two crews *CGC and Albino.* Highlights of battle? Wei pulled elbow airflares and Halo. Albino Zebras had REALLY nice footwork. But Wei's bro FUFu *right* would pull off the SICKEST headspins I've ever seen. Then this one other guy.....forgot his name but he was one of the judges, stormed in and shut down Albino w/ PURE STYLE & FREEZES. But Futonics and Albino did put up a good fight. But I think CGC whooped their asses. Yeah that would be a HUGE highlight.....and also another battle coming up next...where this one guys does the most outrageous move ever.  Well now it was 2nd part of the Jam. Semi finals and Finals.  Unfortunately by now all the people that are around my age (Mike, Sergei, Stefan, Igor, Steve, Will, Calvin, Lance, The guy w/ Mike forgot his name) got eliminated. Me/Calvin and Mike and the other guy got eliminated round 1. However Sergei/Lance and Steve/Will made it to round two. Sergei and Lance put up a REAL good fight with a routine....but the other crew responded with another routine of this guy controlling the other guy breakin' basically. Nice style. And Will and Steve got burned by I think one of the Albino crews *they were split into two since they were 2 man battles.* But Semi finals and finals were the HUGE highlights. This was basically where all the remaining crews pulled out the big guns. Huge style, mad combos.  In the semi finals.....this one guy pulled off the BIGGEST combo ever. He started off doing crickets and then did some other move like a spinning air baby or sometin and his hat flew off. LANDED BACK ON HIS HEAD. LIke it was set up. Then he started milling putting a touque through his legs. After about 8 rounds of that his crew member throws him a water bottle and he does another 5-8 rounds of millz. Then he actually DRINKS THROUGH THE BOTTLE in a freeze. I was TOTALLY mesmerized by that. UGH IF ONLY I HAD MY DCAM. IT WAS SO SICK. I honestly liked the 3rd place battle more than the 1st. The other guy pulled off mad top rock and footwork. I think those two crews deserve to go to finals for 1st and 2nd. The 1st vs. 2nd place battle was between the two Albino crews, with LOTS of popping and toprock. That was why I really liked it also. Oh there was a lot of sick combos, but I can't describe em. Lots of windmills and flares. And footwork was unbelievable.  Well the crews eliminated did get bumper stickers lol. The First place Cash prize was 130 and 2nd was 50. There were also prizes for hats n' T-shirts. Steve got a hat. Lucky Kid.  Anyways.....right now I'm very tired.....and wanna sleep. But Basement Jam 2004....totally unforgettable. And I strongly urge people to...........   GO TO BASEMENT JAM 2005  If there is one that is. You'll be mesmerized by what happens. Jason was even surprised how crazy breakin' could get. After seein that though.......sessioning is now on like #1 priority 2morrow...er #2 under piano lol. But yeah I'm sessionin for sure 2morrow. Don't wanna lose rollback forearm or my crickets. Keep workin on em. Well I'm out.....so yeah I'll talk to you people later. Cya.  
     

    



       
       2/5/04   Stressed out day...two tests, some other crap, and then stuff.   Well out of most of the stuff that happened today....least it's good to know I've influenced another person to blog lol. Kurtis PK (http://kurtispk.blogspot.com) I think is the 4th person I've got to start blogging. There's Jason, Josh, Rebecca, Theresa and Kurtis. Wonder who else is gonna start blogging now. Anyways enough of saying who else blogs, if you wanna see that GO TO MY SITE AND CLICK ON THE LINKS. And now for the rest of my day.  By now I think you all know what my morning routine is....you know the usual stuff. Hygiene, eat, get dressed, out the door I go.  School hasn't been to great lately. SO BORING. Gr. 9 was way more exciting. Well anyways in music we basically just played music like usual. Hmm...oh yeah got theory test back. 96%.  I think that's what it is (106/110 just cuz I wrote B major instead of B flat major). Well that's basically the highlights of music. It's really lame. Hope mrs. Wharton comes back soon. All these sub teachers are REALLY boring.  Well after announcements it's time to go to science.  TEST! Weather test. So dumb, but at least it was open book. I got most of the stuff done in a bout 30 mins or so, really short test. After that our class then watched a video on El Nino the hurricane.  Then lunch. Well basically @ lunch today I had to study for bio. Bio isn't really that appealing when Ms. Wiener gives you a test about the crap we've done since September. A LOT of us were studying today. Tehmina, Rachel, Underhill, Okanski, Drew, Tanis, like I said a lot of us. I talked to Brescia at lunch a lot, since I went over and sat with her for most of lunch. Did a lot of studying too. She had some calculus stuff and I had my crap test for bio. Yeah today's lunch really sucked ended up studying. I didn't eat anything...so by the time I got home I WAS STARVING. But that's later right now it's time to face my stupid bio test.  Wow....I walk in the room and instead of the high pitched voice of Ms. Wiener I heard...I saw the evil Grin of Mr. Curphey. WTH I THOUGHT I WAS DONE AND OVER WITH THAT TEACHER 2ND PERIOD! Nope. Apparently HE'S SUPERVISING OUR TEST. After a awhile though Mr. Pigeon came though and supervised.IT was hard. Sorta. I kinda forgot a calculator so doing the time spent in each phase in mitosis was kinda hard so I just guessed for most of it. Then I got lazy and decided not to do the Punnett square for this huge ass question where you gotta draw one of those HUGE punnett squares. I don't even kno why the hell we have to do that stuff. it's pretty useless. I mean I can figure this crap out just from process of elimination. Genetics is the biggest joke in biology. Most of it was pretty ez actually when I think about it, the only hard question was the one about  time spent in different cell division phases. Oh yeah and a few multi choice too, but wasn't too worried about that. And now to english.  Boring. Talked about marriage cuz we started Romeo and Juliet. Hmm....yeah that's basically it. Read some of Left Behind, the book I'm reading. It's getting pretty good actually so far. I won't spoil the book but basically it's about what happens in Armegeddon *when God comes to this world, Judgement day, you know?* and a lot of people disappear (God comes back for his people.) Then the rest of the people in the world are either poor Christians, other religion people and of course Atheists. It tells about how different people react to it in different ways. Like to a news reporter, this thing is the jackpot. But to one Christian who was "Left Behind," he couldn't understand the fact that he didn't go to heaven and killed himself. Anyways you should read the book if you haven't. It's really good, though I wouldn't recommend the movie.  Now I'm going home. Bused w/ Stefan, then transferred on to Wonderland. Got home around.......2:45ish? Surprisingly early. Well mom wasn't home, so I had to get the key's from my grandma *she lives across the street.* Got open the front door and since I didn't eat lunch......cleared out the fridge. Chips, carrots, chocolate, bread, cookies...anything I could find. FOod.........mmmm. After eating I went onto comp, checked msn, and then decided to go to sleep when I then thought I'd call up Jason Josh Adrian and Gavin for some SC. We eventually played almost an hour later *I ate more* and we played until 6 where then I had to leave for my eye doctor appointment.  It actually didn't go that bad. And no waiting this time. Right on schedule. Well apparently my eyes have kinda got better *no more dry eye syndrome if you know what that is* but I didn't get prescription. She said my eyes were like overworked or sometin. *shrug*. Well I have to make another appointment now. Meh, I don't really mind I just wanna find out how my eyes are doing now. Least I don't have glacoma or anything =P. Yet.   Well basically got home, ate, and now I'm blogging. Yeah today was kinda boring, Sc was fun *we creamed gavin in a 3vs.1 Triple J beatdown. * Triple J being Joe Jason and Josh. Adrian kinda left because he was bored. Not much else. Oh yeah talked to Jason about buying comps cuz he's planning to annoy his parents for one. Convinced him to think about clones instead of off the shelves. But I do think that it was by God's Grace today that my eye appointment went fairly well. Kinda interesting. Last Sunday we learned about how God's grace is great, and now it's applying to me. Coincedence? I think not. Not exactly predestination either. Hmm...yeah the way I think of it I took the route. But I'm not about to explain how I think God guides us. REALLY long and......well I may be the only person that understands my own thoughts. Obviously. But yeah it's good at least my eye doctor didn't just go "oh you have this prescription now." Least she told the truth and won't just rip off her patients. That's a good thing to see in a doctor of any sort. Well anyways I'm out now....gonna go sleep really tired. Later.
     

    



       
       2/4/04   Course Selection day drawing near....Football Banquet *highlights of the day*   So far my day has gone average like usual. Hmm....yeah very average. Oh yeah I did have band today. I really don't like how I had to wake up at 6:30 am rather than my reguar 7:30 am. But band wasn't too bad today.  I woke up around my usual 6:30 for a Wednesday. Ugh stupid band. Well I did my average morning routine...you know eat, get dressed, brushed teeth...the usual. Well after that I finally got out the door around 6:50 with my cup of tea and headed for school.  Band....only about 40 of us I think. There were only 3/5 trombone people, and most of our clarinets were non-existent. The only section that had everyone was percussion. We played some songs, got yelled at, and then we were done. See isn't that painful. Kinda tiring though. But meh I'm gonna be taking this course all the way till I graduate. It's mandatory w/ music. Oh well anyways now that music's over....time to head to history.  Well while walking there I stopped by tech room to see what my final was in careers. 82!!!!! It's actually DECENT. Brought my mark up from a 72. YAY! But now I'm dying in english. probably have a 72 or something.  Well now to History class. Wow REALLY boring today. Actually it was kinda fun. We had a Stock Market simulating game. It was simulating the stock market crash. Now knowing me I'm somewhat paranoid, so I bought my shares @ 1 dollar each then sold them all when it only went up to 8. Eventually the stock hit 68. Wow I coulda made 13,600 but NOOOO I sold mine early and made only 1100 bux. Well at the end I wasn't the poorest at least. Anyways that basically took up most of my day in history. Then came announcements. More semi advertising. It really is getting tempting to go.  Well after History came.....CIVICS. *shudder.* Same room, same teacher. Meh. At least I know more of the people in this class. Well anyways first thing we did in civics.....was go to the course selection assembly.  It was like last year's basically. Got course selection booklet, application form, etc etc. Heard a lecture from Guidance counsellors. Well I'm actually really concerned about selecting courses this year, seeing I only got two more years in high school. Time REALLY flies. So yeah I'm really gonna be asking for God's guidance in this. Well yeah after that it was back to civics. We played this game where we were spit into "villages." The area had a shortage of water, and we had to come up with a solution. It could be anything. War, peace, combining villages, anything. So far my group wants to ally w/ 2 medium sized groups to kill the big group. Well planned Hammond lol.  Now for lunch. I went to BK w/ Thompson and nate. Mike didn't come and neither did Hermann. H/w. Well I had coffee and fries w/ gravy. Thompson and Nate had whoppers and fries. Whoo. Oh yeah Thompson got a coffee too. It really is waking me up though for afternoon.  Well anyways now to math. Didn't do much. Did some worksheet and talked a lot. Mr Gilbert really seems like your typical new teacher. He doesn't know what he's doing sometimes it seems lol.  Well now to programming. Not much here either. Finished an assignment on Hyperstudio *really retarted program, refer to one of Jason's blog entries in January* and then surfed the net. That's basically my afternoon.  Well bell rang, but since football banquet was tonight I stayed there until 5. Spencer and Igor WERE gonna session but NOOO not anymore. So I ended up working out w/ Hammond n Mitch and them, and then after a bout a 1 and a half hour workout we watched the highlights of Superbowl 37 and how the Bucs got there and won. Well at around 5 we all ran to the caf. FOOD!  Food was REALLY GOOD. We had Caesar Sald and this unidentified salad *I think it's Greek* but no one took any. And then there was REALLY good pasta, meatballs *mmmm* and of course the average Canadian Dinner roll. I had 3 helpings. REALLY GOOD. Then a speaker came from UWO. He was the CCH Defense coach at one point. I think he's the one that Patrick's dad said really sucks lol. Kinda funny how he's our "motivational" speaker,though Western this year was JUST over the .500 win mark. Worst season in a while. Well anyways after that I went home, finished some h/w, then to theory.  Won't talk much about theory. Did theory. Payed for Theory. Wrote Theory Exam Application form. Went home.  Now I gotta get going to finish Bio. Test tomorrow. Ugh. Later.
     

    



       
       2/3/04   Meh.....Ok Day I guess....1st day 2 back from exams   Basically today I got a lot of crap back. I got science, music, and english exams back. Also today after school I had my first session *bboying not smoking up lol.* It was ok @ school. Mr. Harris *I think that's him* walked by and told us about how back in the 80's that there were actually school competitions across the city....wow I wish that was back up and running. Anyways before I rant anymore about the later part of my day let me summarize....sorta the first part. Now I know my entries are long....so from now on when you read my entry....either have LOTS of food with you.......or have LOTS OF TIME. Or both ^_^. Wow what a strategy there....  Anyways my day started like a usual day. Woke up a round 7:30. Ate, morning routine, and then headed out   the door for another day of....school. Whoo. Ugh only two more years of this crap...then University. Not that I don't have to wake up then, but I might have afternoon classes =P. WHEE! Anywho.....back to the story....er day summarizing thing...  Now I'm sitting in music class. Played some technique, songs, and then......GOT MY EXAM MARK! 84%! AMAZING! Well not as amazing as last year but better than I thought I'd get. I thought I'd get something in the 60's. Finlan got a 65. 2nd year in a row lol.  Not much happened in class. Thompson and I were yelling across the classroom as usual, and as usual I got kicked out of the percussion section. And the announcements came on. Hmm......lots of advertising for Semi....kinda does make me wanna go. Stupid propaganda. It works though. Well I still have another week to think about it so I don't have to worry much.  Well now trudging to science.... *trudge*  Now I'm sitting in science. Got my exam back. 83%.....on a good roll of exams! so far none of em have plummeted below 80. high of 91 (history) and low of 83 (science). Wee. Anyways we basically just went over weather test we are having on Thursday.........oh yeah IT'S OPEN BOOK! Turns out that Mr. Curphey isn't the cold-hearted grinch after all. He knows that when a subject's boring we don't pay attention, hence our head gathered no info. So we have an open book test on Thursday. Yay. And then Mr. Curphey was as usual lecturing us about random stuff and we watched a REAL lame video on tornadoes. And then came lunch. FINALLY.  Well Jason asked if I was gonna play ball. I said no because lunch beats starving until.....AUGH! RAIN! So I stayed in lol. Decided to go play some basketball after all with Jason and them in the gym lol. We sat there watching Gr.9 Intermurals first.....wow Melum's team kicked the crap outta the other team 23-8. Dunno bout other game. But wow the game on our side was pretty one-sided. Well we then got out the balls to play after bout 20 mins, and then shot around for about 5 before Dave and Jacob came. We had a 3v2 then. Me, Jason, and Dejan vs. Dave and Jacob. Unfortunately we lost. I had a crap game. Made like 3 shots lol. Jason I guess had an ok game, but Dejan was kicking ass. Stopped half the shots comin at us. He's really getting better at ball. Well after playing for  bout 30 mins it was time for 4th period.  Biology. It's not ALWAYS bad since Ms. Wiener is kinda funny. But sometimes she can lecture for 70 fulll minutes.....THAT's when it gets boring. Well today we got assignments back, talked about our test on Thursday *yes I have two tests on Thursday* plus a lab due for next day...the blood vessels one. Whoo. Not. Ugh. Oh yeah we also got our marks updated. 87 ^_^. Up from 85, up from 80. I really am thinkin' bout takin' science all through my high school career....and maybe one day be a Bio-Chem dude, instead of number-crunching in an office. Anyways that's for next week to decide, and of course this is definitely going on prayer list. Which reminds me I still haven't typed out the request list. But this week has been REALLY hectic....so this one's gonna be a late comer. Anyways now back to bio. We finished up lab, and I'm gonna be makin the good copy of it tomorrow. And of course study for the test.  Now off to english. I'll make this one quick. Reading, got 66% on exam, and 76% on animal farm test. Not bad. Except for the exam. And then I left.  Well I WAS gonna go home, but then Spencer found me in the halls and said him and Igor were gonna session. Meh why not? Just before Basement Jam on Friday sure. So I ended up staying there for an hour. Did some sessioning. Some people stopped by and watched. Mr. Harris was even surprised at us. He then said the thing about how in the 80's how there were citywide SCHOOL competitions. THAT IS COOL. He said he remembered it because his school *Clarke Road* won it one year. Wow if this could ever get up and running again that would be so cool. Central and Lucas probably would have the most breakers lol. Close competition probably too. But yeah it would be cool to see citywide competitions for breaking. I mean it's sorta almost a sport. Has more physical properties to it than say like..........golf. And Golf's a sport. And a Car. And then some people from some other school came to watch the b-ball game. Our school against some maroon-coloured school. Well I would then leave w/ Mike and Dan...oh yeah they came a bit later. Dan has a crapload of food in his locker, and Mike has REAL lame convo lines. They're also old too. ANYONE KNOW HOW TO SEW? CUZ I'M RIPPED!" Lmao haven't heard that one in ages. Then when we were walking home Dan said that Mrs. Howard called him a loser *lol* cuz he went up to her and said "Hey Mrs. Howard I might be suspended tomorrow." "Oh why?" "CUZ I BROUGHT MY GUNS TO SCHOOL!"*makes gun shape w/ fingers* "You're such a loser." Sad Dan just sad lol. Well we walked to Dundas and Richmond stop, where I took the Cherryhill, then transferred onto Whitehills.  Stopped by Adrian's house to see if he was still coming over. He had h/w. Meh.  So I went home....played some DDR *w/ controller shut up* and then played SC with Jason and Josh.  We had an ok game. Jason's online friend Sauron came along again too. We had Terran wars *all of us were Terran including comps.* Very chaotic. I almost died at beginning but for some reason the enemy then ran and fought Jason's army. So I rebuilt....eventually building a formidable landing force of marines. Well Josh and Sauron had taken down some comp, but then me Sauron and Jason made a HUGE landing on another comp. Gols, Tanks, Men, EVERYTHING. We killed that thing. Then we killed the other one. I came in last score wise but who cares =P. It's the fact I contributed in the war effort.  2nd game was hilarious. Though Sauron and Josh left, me and Jason played a team melee game. Funny as hell. Originally we started off with a regular defense, but  then for some reason we had an excess amount of gas and no minerals. So I decided to go on a scourge building frenzy. That got us low on gas and LOTS of minerals. 15,000:500 minerals:gas ratio lol. So then I wondered what took lots of minerals. Jason solved that problem. CANNON MASS BUILD!. So me and him started one of the BIGGEST cannon building projects ever lol. It was pretty effective. Eventually I abandoned his project and then I went on my own task. I massed whatever I can. Lings, Drones, Scourges, you name it lol. All of them were pretty funny. I even massed queens. Parasited everything I could. revealed half the map lol. Then I made a siege tank raid. Made a spacious landing area, then sent in defilers. These dudes would plague everything in the base until Jason's cannon building stretched from our base to the core of the enemy base. Lmao. That all took about 1:30 minutes. Funny as hell though. We won obviously. Built 750 buildings. And I saved the replay. THIS ONE HAS TO BE WORTH IT.  Anyways after that I ate, finished some h/w, then played DDR. Then I started blogging here. And Now I'm headed for bed. Tomorrow I got band plus a assembly to "guide" me through my course choices. Hope that goes well I really need direction in life right now. Prayer is the key. Talking to God hasn't and NEVER will fail.
     

    



       
       2/2/04   FIrst day back from exams.....grr.   Blah. And I was just getting settled into the no school life. Ugh now we are back into school. 2nd Semester isn't bright at all. Well actually it's the same thing since I'm in a non-semestered system but it's just that there was one change....I have civics in the same room I have history....BACK TO BACK. I'm stuck w/ Ms. Manson in the SAME ROOM for almost 3 hours. Ugh. This situation is so ugly....it looks like a Pontiac Aztek. Ok I know  that was lame....but it 's true. Today wasn't much more exciting than before. It's the average, usual, Central day....  After waking up sometime after 9am for 4 days in a row....came this dreaded morning where I had to wake up at 7:20. Ugh. It took me forever to trudge out of bed....AND IT WAS SO COLD THIS MORNING. Or maybe four comforter blankets is overkill. But soo warm............Anyways yeah I went downstairs, ate, and slowly got ready for school. Patrick came around at about 7:45 and we headed out the door for school around 7:50. Oh yeah and for those that wonder what I have for breakfast....I had fried rice today.  Well we got in the car.....talked bout yesterday's superbowl game mostly. I still can't believe that Valieteri *did I spell his name right?* made the 41 yard field goal. He missed a 30 somethin yard, and got one blocked, but he sure came through when the time came. Yesterday's game was pretty exciting. Of course I was also listening to the radio. Was switching between FM96 and Energy a lot. I've never really liked 106.9. Hmm......well the person that came to our church yesterday from GRACE FM sure was right. There is a lot of Christian music played on radio now without us knowing.  For example, the other morning I heard Stacie Orrico. This morning I would too. Except I actually tried to listen to the lyrics. To me it was saying about how there has to be something else in this world other than our average life, and that someone *God* is out there watching over us. I think it's a pretty meaningful song. The dance mix makes it better because i'm into dance more than soft rock =P. Well we got to school around 8:10...just made first bell. Worth it for sleep though.  History was pretty normal. We got exams back. 91%. Whoo hoo!. I can't fail history....i'm actually considering taking it again maybe next year.....just to bring my average up..............maybe i'll take like marketin or something in summer school. No wait....ugh but I need volunteer hours. Grr. Well I'll figure that out later. We also did some work on depression era, and Ms. Manson talked about Gr. 11 and 12 Social Science courses, since history was one. School propaganda...sorta. I heard that there is a course fair thing on Wednesday. Wow time really flies. I still remember in September when we were filed down to auditorium for that motivational speaker. He was pretty funny though. But yeah first period was REALLY boring, but at least the semester change is indicating.......ONLY 4 MONTHS OF SCHOOL LEFT. well sorta 5.  After 2nd period bell......I went to........NOWHERE! I'm stuck in the same room with the same teacher for three hours this semester! THIS REALLY SUCKS. Especially when you are being taught civics, the most pointless class EVER. Well least I know more people in this class. Our first task: we were given 250 imaginary dollars and asked to spend it on something for a classroom environment. After much deciding in our group *we were in groups of 4-5, Hammond, Pokan and Dave were in mine* we concluded we would buy 4 swivel chairs for ourselves. Productive.  Well after that boring class came lunch. I'll make this short. Hermann, me, John, Mike and Nate went out for lunch. We went to BK. I had coffee to fire up my senses for the rest of my day.  Came math. BORING. Neew seating plan. I sit by Nick Saika, Maggie, Mike, Kyla I think is the other girl's name, and sorta by Thompson still. He's a row away. Oh yeah Travis is kinda close too. Becky is also pretty close. We did a really dumb worksheet about Quadratics.  Programming nothing exciting. Catch up day so I basically surfed the net.  Last period bell rang. Time for Stage Band X Practice.  Oh yeah and now I'm getting real tired and wanna sleep so I'm gonna make the last part of my day short: -Came home -ate -played some piano -played Sc -Showered -Ate dinner  And now I go. Bye.
     

    



       
       2/1/04   PATRIOTS WIN! And Snow football is FUN   What a long LOOONG day. Though it was long, it was fun though. Starting with usual awakening at 8 for church and not coming home till 1130......I'm pretty beat right now. BUT IT WAS WORTH IT .............WELL WORTH IT=P.  I started off waking up at 8am...and then trudging out of the bed at around 8:20. Went downstairs and was met by a bowl of "joak" for breakfast. Meh, it wasn't that bad. And then after that I got ready for church. However I didn't have time to really do anything with my hair so I ended up going to church hoping my hat would squish my hair down. Nope that didn't happen, as I'd find out later. Anyways today my whole family went to LCAC instead of mom going to North Park, and we went to pick up Jason then head to the church.  Service wasn't bad. We had Reverend Daniel Tjoe-A-Long still *by the way in previous entry I think I got name wrong this is real name* and he spoke about how is grace amazing. He had a video from "Les Miserables" showing how the bishop showed grace to Jean Valjean by forgiving him for stealing from his house, and fought the urge to have him arrested. THAT actually takes a lot of willpower. Honestly for any average human your reaction would have been ARREST HIM. He also talked about how we have to always forgive, and try to always treat others in as best way as possible. He reffered to the bishop in "Les Miserables" a lot. Also at the end he had something for people to go up, I wasn't really sure what it was for which I feel kind of bad for but I didn't go up. Anyways after the message this person from Grace FM *New London Christian station 105.9FM for whoever would like to be ready for it* and basically told us how they are progressing so far. They have a survey to see what music should be played at one time. Their main outline is messages in the morning, then from afternoon to night it progressses from soft rock to heavy metal/ more modern stuff. They handed out a survey which I'm planning to take. Also I really hope that our church can really help with this station in establishing a solid foundation. I really would like to see a Christian station up playing modern music. I mean, FM96 already has started playing stuff like POD, Switchfoot, and a whole shabang of other bands that I don't know of but Gavin and Josh seem to. Also that Stacie Orrico person or sometin apparently is a Christian artist. I heard one of her songs on Energy FM, well the dance mix but since I like dance music it was good. Hmm maybe I will start to buy CD's now and not pirate as much =P.  Oh yeah also the English congregation was SURPRISINGLY larger than usual today. I think I could have counted at least 60 of us. I mean HYPE already accounts for approx. 15, then parents 5, then UWO kids 40, 2 pastors, and praise team. That's almost 60. I was REALLY surprised at the turnout of people today. It was nice to see though. I really hope that one day our English service can grow to that number as in permanent attenders, and of course go beyond. Oh yeah that brings up the other reason why I am 100% behind Grace FM. In their FAQ sheet, they brought out something that really hit me. In like the 200 churches or something in our London area, there are always empty pews. And as Christians of course we would like to see those pews filled with people. I think that this radio station will help in encouraging people to start attending church. Who knows maybe this station will bring some of our closest non-Christian friends to strong believers of Christ.  Well after service came the FINAL closing day of Job. We learned of how he finally at the end got everything he ever had back....DOUBLED. You can see both God's power and mercy from that action. It also shows how God is understanding. I mean Job was tested, and he was rewarded. Wouldn't you like a reward if you went through a hard test like Job? Well one thing that I brought up *also thanks to Josh for putting this into an analogy...*Ok well first Pastor Mackness asked us why God would bless Job with double....and my reply was that like Job got what he originally had, and God gave him a surplus as like a Thank You gift sorta, or like a reward. In the end what Josh would say is almost EXACTLY what I was trying to bring up. First Christians are soldiers in the battle of Heaven and Hell. And as a soldier, sometimes we get wounded, as Job did since he lost everything at one point. However, if the soldier survived the agonizing wound *as Job survived the poverty and suffering* the soldier is awarded with a medal *as Job was rewarded with his prizes.* I really liked that analogy. In fact this is gonna probably stick in my head for a LONG time. Which I hope it does. And it was really cool to see Jason so attentive in class. For 4 months of attending church he REALLY is accepting the message that God is giving him VERY well. Like Mike n' Dan have also been growing which I commend them for, but Jason has been taking this stuff in SURPRISINGLY quick. Like even Gavin took almost a year....but Jason really seems different. It's a good sign though. I think he'll be a strong follower in Christ in no time. Good job Jason and keep up the good work! And of course for the rest of the HYPE group I wish the same also but I really would like to commend Jason for intaking so much in 4 months so well.  Now that class was over, Pastor Mackness went upstairs to catch the last bit of Pastor Long's Cantonese service sermon *which was in English translated by a translator into Cantonese* and the rest of us just chatted for a bit. Josh and I would have to leave with Brian Kung as the HYPE councellors and the "Admin worker" *me* and whatever Josh's position name was *we agreed on "Relations Rep right??"* and we went to Angelo's got some food and then headed for Brian's place.  We talked about a LOT of stuff. One main thing we did was plan out the rest of HYPE until April. Another thing is we brought up issues and tried thinking of ways to resolve it. For example we figured to break the bubbles that we would for prayer groups split up the bubbles and get the people to be with different people....like rotating. Effective ^_^. We have now officially decided to add a worship part to our HYPE meetings also. We also touched on the issues we have that were mentioned in Emails, and will try to work them out throughout the year. Basically our goal is to administer more growth in our fellowship spiritually and physically, and also just to foster a comfortable environment for all Christians alike in our fellowship. We even have a theme song now *lol* and a theme verse: 1 Timothy 4:12 right? "Don't let anyone look down on you because you are young, but set an example for the believers in speech, in life, in love, in faith and in purity." That's it....pretty meaningful even though I heard it's a pretty stereotypical verse for many fellowships. Meaningful though. Well yeah we got all that figured out and basically our schedule. Then we left for ACF  SNOW FOOTBALL and SUPERBOWL PARTY!^_^.  Snow Football is COLD but FUN. I couldn't feel my hands or feet, and scraped up legs pretty bad in ice but I don't care. I got two interceptions and that's all I care for lol. At first only me and Josh were the only kids from HYPe but Gavin and Jason pulled through and got there halfway through. Jason was complaining about how cold his feet were, and one guy suggested he put plastic bags in his shoes. My feet were getting pretty cold to so I thought "why not try it" lol. THEY WORK. Though my feet were still getting wet they were WARM. lol. Oh yeah and also my sock was turning sorta red from blood but meh. It was still A LOT of fun. Well anyways after that game *btw my team lost* we headed for the house we were chillin at for the Superbowl Party. Oh yeah and Jason is actually an AMAZING receiver too. Josh is decent at DB, and Gavin and I blitzed a lot near the end on D.  At the house we were at *I forgot who's but thanks for allowing over 30 people in there* we watched Superbowl on projector, and had 8 pizzas. MMMMMM. PIZZA. and also Pepsi, and other carbonated drinks. Wow I sound like a nerd. Anyways yeah. I basically lost my voice there....from yelling stupid stuff like "GET BETTER CLEATS" or "YOU'RE CUT YOU STUPID RECEIVER," "YOU CAN'T HIT LIKE THAT," "WTH!??!?!? HE MISSED THE KICK?! YOU'RE CUT!" Anyways the environment was filled with stuff like that.....until that one REALLY stupid PGA commercial where the dude was like picking out clothes for a woman. In unison around the whole house: WTH!?!?!?!? HUH!?!?!?!?!?!? LOL it was just funny seeing the unified reaction. Anyways after watching the close game, ending with a field goal from the Patriots, Gavin Josh Jason and I left in Brian's car for home. Brian would go back so I really thank him for taking us all home. Thanks man if you even read my blog=P.  Anyways I'm out. It's 1230 and I still have school tomorrow. First day of Civics. Whoo. Lates.    
     

    



       
       3/31/04   Another month gone by....   Bah March is already over. How could I ever have thought time passed by slowly? I have no clue. But these last three months have been such a blur. And yes tomorrow will be the first day of April.....am I enthusiastic about it? NO. The only reason why I'd even like the month is because it marks the fact there's only two more months of school. Other than that....rain, worms, and work.....eew. At least Easter is during April ^_^. Hmm......but I'm happy March has gone by in a way. HUGE Bio seminar is finally over and  done, and my school average is at a healthy 85 ^_^. Shweet....so yeah March has been a good month.....and of course who could forget TC?! AMMMMMAAAAZZZZIIIINNNNNNGGGG. I just hope April will pass by as quickly as March....same for may.....and June.....then July and August......SLOW PLEAAAAAAASE.  Well this morning was Wednesday so another day of waking up really friggin' early. Yay....Intermediate band. Seems like such a joke after Senior Band just passed by on Tuesday. And I thought the music was a little bit difficult.....wow I can't wait until Gr. 11 next year. Music is actually amusing then hehe. Like usual....trombones sound good ^_^ and like usual Mr. Clark yells at woodwinds. Really the trombone/baritone section....really good section ^_^...  And after band music.....MORE MUSIC! Yes today was day two so I had music homeroom. Ran over music like usual....scales and such and then Mr. Clark took all the brass and we played some brass ensemble thing. So boring.....and we sound like crap lol. But Mr. Clark kept talking about how he gave Connor the lonely part so he'd suffer for all the trouble he causes in band lol. "Mr. Clark what have I ever done?" "Want me to give the list in order? *ehem* Talk to Kurtis, Listen to Kurtis, Talk back to Kurtis...." etc. etc. It's pretty funny though watching Mr. Clark seem to have this "master" plan. Oh yeah and Zavitz got these KILLER pair of shoes. THERE'S A STORY WRITTEN ON THE BOTTOM OF THE SHOES. Now THAT's unique. So yeah that was basically the whole music class.....being split up and playing music. Fun.  Science..........MORE NOTES! Some cheesy poor-graphic animated video about VECTORS. Wow.......1980's animation was horrible lol. But it was funny watching it in the making haha.  Lunch.....went to Galleria. What?  Bio......................................wow the people that presented today for bio class.......whipped right through it. Their notes were up for about 3 seconds a time......and yeah writing down the notes.......NEAR TO IMPOSSIBLE. It was a pretty cool presentation though....was about digestive system. One of the group memebers apparently has had life experience with some of the things that they presented. So yeah that made it pretty interesting actually. But yeah they kinda went through presentation a bit fast.....so no one really could take down any notes lol.  English.......OUR PLAY IS AMAZIN'! AMAAAAAAAAAAAASHING AAAH! UNSTOPPABLE! I actually can't wait till we present it on Friday.......it's actually a pretty funny play. So we spent most of the time rehearsing...then just sitting around and chatting......yeah it's a cool play though. Romeo and Juliet......FOB/Matrix/Mr. Bean style. REALLY messed up but funny hehehehe.  Bused home.  And now I'm blogging.......yeah my blog formats are all beginning to look the same. I still need to learn HTML and stuff.....or maybe how to use Dreamweaver in a productive fashion hehe. As of right now.......what's a Hyperlink? j/k I'm not that stupid. At least I can make my background sit in one spot now heehee. Hmm what do I have to do today........catch up on theory.......memorize English script......practice piano if I have time. Yeah my night's gonna be filled with crap. AWW NUTS I still have to do that canvassing thing. Well.....so far I have $5. Lol out of 10 people ONE PERSON donated. I'm gonna be puttin' in 10 though and mom's puttin in 20. So altogether...........$35 DOLLARS. WAAAH. Yeah but note to self: NEVER CANVASS DURING MARCH AGAIN. Wow it's FREEZING or it's SOAKING WET. I just hope I can finish at least 20 houses by tonight.  Well........so much for canvassing. In the end.......after canvassing whole Walmer Gardens.....TWO out of over 20 houses donated. *Shrug* maybe next time I do this I'll do it earlier in the year lol. So plus me and my mom donating the total $$$ made: $40!!!! Meh not much....but I hope it go into good use.   After coming back from that canvassing.......I went to drum for a bit....Hmm since one of my toms is broken decided to do a new drum layout. instead of 5-piece I do 4-piece set. Snare, tom, floor tom, and bass. So far....it's not bad. In fact I kinda like it ^_^  Well.....yeah I'm pretty much done for tonite.....got piano theory still and stuff. So until my next entry......KEEP FIT AND HAVE FUN *body break dun dun dun dun dun dun.* Hehe j/k j/k.....just have a nice day =P. Later.
     

    



       
       3/30/04   Gloomy days bring lots of napping ^_^   I remember back when I was young I always used to wonder "why the heck do people take naps? What a waste of time!" I feel like such a hypocrite now lol. Wow.....I can see why naps are so productive in their own way. Just today after school....well since it was raining I thought "ugh I'll do Kidney canvassing tomorrow." WHY MUST RAIN COME NOW?! Oh well.....I guess I should maybe remember to do this canvassing stuff earlier in year.....don't leave it for final days of month *oops.* Anywho instead of canvassing then.....I thought "hey why not take a nap?" Well a proposed one hour nap......turned into four lol. So now I finish all the homework I'm behind on...and then....SLEEP!^_^.  Well today was another Tuesday *yay....only 3 more days of school opression before weekend!* so it was another day where I wake up at a ridiculously early time *630am* to head to senior band. Well I was kinda trudging everything behind schedule this morning.......so I got to school late. Frankly I REALLY don't care because I was REALLY tired this morning. So I got there around 7:15ish and yeah she kinda made a remark about it. At least I'm starting to adapt to senior band more. The only reason right now why some of the music seems so hard is because I seem to have difficulty counting 9/8 and 8/8 time lol.  But it's fun....I guess. Better than I anticipated at least =P.  Well after the rehearsal it was time for history. Wow......I seem so bored. Today we FINALLY hit some actual action. We talked about the Dieppe raid. Up until now....I still don't understand WHY they even did this raid...especially when they failed to complete it during its rehearsal twice in a row. Also....they had no support whatsoever.....so yeah the Canadians got slaughtered at the beach. Sadly only about 300 Germans were actually manning the guns at the time, but they did have reinforcements 50 miles away. Hmm......history is appealing at least....it's just kinda funny how I seem to be the only person at times that even knows what she's talking about.  Civics class.......REALLY boring like usual. Talked about leaders and organizations that have affected the world. I'ts pretty self-explanitory stuff.....Martin Luther King Jr., World Vision Canada, etc etc. *Yawn* why must the government waste over $3,000,000 on stuff like this? REALLY the money used to buy each textbook in our school alone *around $1,200+* could be used for more productive things.....like photocopy budget? They complain about how we always go over....well maybe if we don't have CAREERS and CIVICS we'd save $5,000 for PAPER.  Lunch...spent time in library lookin' over script w/ group. Talked to Brescia a hefty bit too....apparently she's still applyin' for universities. Hmm.....wow just to think she used to go to my church 10 years ago lol. Such a long time ago.....and she's so tall too. Probably only Asian girl I've ever seen surpass the 5'4 mark haha.  Math class: Hmm.......yeah we still using the stupid graphing program. Sho shtupahd. I concluded I'll be drawing the 007 opening screen in every movie..you know gun barrel sighting him...then he shoots you.....then blood comes down. Yes somehow I've turned that into a graph picture. Apparently there's parabolas and circles in it. Wow you know you've become a geek in math when lol. Well geeks are supposed to be good in math *YES I DON'T FIT IN CATEGORY YET ^_^.* Wait is that a good or bad thing =P.  Programming.......YES I CAN DRAW PAC MAN NOW LOL. Surprisingly it was easier than drawing the face. Maybe because me and Mitch did it co-operatively I think haha. I figured out the co-ordinates of the actual Pac-Man and he figured out how to make it move. It was interesting.....but I get it now. And Turing has actually helped me a bit with programming actual things now. I actually understand the concept of HTML....sorta lol. OH yeah today was also first time I ever saw Mr. Dayus actually get mad. He tries to act like he's pissed......but he's laughing still lol.  And yes.......after school it was badminton. Apparently *sadly* me and John are the best guys doubles team this year. Wow...........PATHETIC lol. The other doubles pairs: Alex Hughe and Finlan *Finlan=HORRIBLE* and Po-Kan and someone else. Po-Kan would be good if he actually took the game seriously....but he screws around a lot lol. Mixed doubles.....I still don't know what's happenin' but apparently Finlan is playing it this week at Quad meet at Oakridge. I just hope that me and John are decent compared to other schools lol. I actually played decent today though. Made a few maaaaad diving shots...OH YEAH which reminds me...  I FINALLY DID THE SHOT I'VE BEEN TRYING TO DO SINCE GR. 4. Brandon dropped it....and I was thinkin' "ooh crap." Unfortunately my dive was just about an inch short, so I let my raquet go.....flew kinda and BAM! the Bird goes to other side and we get a point! FINALLY! Did the amazing dive shot I've been dreaming of since Grade 4. And I can do it kinda consistently too.....did it a second time today also ^_^.  Anyways back to badminton practice. Conclusion: Central Junior Badminton 2004: NOT VERY WELL TRAINED.  Well when I got home....blast it's raining. Which means I didn't go canvassing tonight. I kinda feel bad that I never did it earlier.....pisses me off when I fail to complete somethin'. *Sigh* well instead of goin' out....I slept......  *four hours later*  Here I am now....blogging, eating, multitasking like my usual self hehe. Hmm I'm actually happy that God's been helpin' me through life so much this last little while. Just that life seems so confused at times...and jumbled up with stuff. Haven't really been able to do serious devos for a few nights now. "Purpose Driven Life" I'm slowly getting through now at least....yeah but I really need to catch up on devos. I guess I'll be switching between ODB and Purpose Driven for a bit. So happy though that God really does answer prayers in such an effective way. It's been amazing how my marks are actually managing to go up....though my life is more jumbled than ever. May wanna spend more time on piano though ehhehe. Well I'm out for the night....got Intermediate band still tomorrow. Later.
     

    



       
       3/29/04   Signs that I've been drumming for a while now....and I should be decent at it =P   Hmm......well after writing the earlier entry I thought "Hey it's only 8pm....I'll go drum around for a bit...." Well the proposed idea of a 30 minute jam session by myself turned into a 30 second one......ending with my high tom's drumhead being BOKAN! Yes......this shows that I've had my drum set for  a while now lol.....well...now I gotta spend another 30 bucks buying a new drumhead. Whoo. Yes something somewhat out of the ordinary that happened today.......why couldn't it have been a positive thing!?
     

    



       
       3/29/04   Out with the old month (almost) and new with the in (almost)   Grr if it weren't for time.....life would seem so much slower. Well today actually was an ok day.....I didn't fall asleep, not too much hard work....and english class was actually pretty funny for once hehe. It's really kinda cool actually how my week started....not too stressful at all. Also after last night reading so much MegaTokyo *NEW LINK CLICK IT* I guess it might have started me my week off kinda happily I guess. HILARIOUS comic strip. Hmm.......I wonder if I am a bit more optimistic than many people? Meh beats being pessimistic though.....apparently optimism lengthens your lifespan ^_^.  Well I woke up at about 7:30 today......almost got to shool late lol. Oh well who cares....breakfast was good. Mmmmm French Toast ^_^. And also my mom wanted me to bring a coat to school though it was 12 degrees outside. In the end I took it off anyways though.....T-Shirt was good enough for today =P.  First class of today.......MUSIC. Ahh yes good old music class....never fails to amuse me. Today was pretty fun. Few jokes like usual......but of course we finished some work too ehehehehehehe. Of course yes people asked about what happened to my eye.....and I replied to them in the most modest and brief way as possible: I ran into a wall. OK real reason: Calvin CHECKED me into a wall...but same thing =P. Lol Lindsay got a sunburn in 14 degree weather from reading hahaha so I'm not that bad off =P.  Science class.......didn't do much. Note taking. *Yawn.*  Lunchtime.....well we ate lunch what else? Crappage apparently Nasvhille in hockey though dropped to 9th place. Really wanna see em make it into playoffs......LOSE ST. LOUIS PLEASE. They won't be able to do jack in the playoffs anyways. So yeah today lunch was a bit of talk about hockey...left a bit early since I had to help Lindsay and her group set up powerpoint for Bio class......so yeah not much.  Bio class. Unfortunately Lindsay's group's powerpoint didn't work.....so they had to resort to overheads. Well it worked....but the laptop didnt have a "A" drive *wow how crappy is that?.*  English....kinda rehearsed Romeo & Juliet script. Yeah some funny moments there.  Stage band......got yelled at to do better by Kiwanis basically lol.  Yeah I know I sped by today.....but I gotta REALLY eat sometin' and then head out the door to do canvassing for Kidney Foundation. I hope it isn't too late lol. SO yeah I'm out.....cya.
     

    



       
       3/28/04   The "wonders" of MSN   First off before anything else....my prayers do go out to Cecilia Zhang's family right now as today they found  her dead in Missisauga. I pray that the Lord be with their family at this time of grieving and that the close family and friends of the Zhangs may also be with them at this time.  Well I just woke up from a 3 hour nap *Naw didn't do anything in the end w/ Colin and Paul* and after a shower and dinner trudged downstairs to work on my science lab when then I find myself in a huge group convo with the following message:  "Everyone put an X @ da beginnin of ur name to pay respect to Cecillia Zhang whos body was found in a Missisauga Ravine earlier yesterday morning. Pass this on to every1 on your list"  First of all I had a deja vu feeling....but I'm not gonna talk about that. I'm just finding it kinda interesting how almost 60% of the people now have X's in front of their MSN name. It looks cool.....but honestly how many of them I'm wondering actually got a emotional punch from hearing it? How many actually have their MSN name written w/ a "X" for a reason and how many actually go with the crowd? Another point my friend John Li pointed out is why put an "X" for her and not every other person that dies in this world. That is a point that kinda got me thinking.....if humans are equal...then why don't we respect those who pass away like this everyday?  Then again........it is only MSN. So I hope people don't take it as though if you don't have an X,C,O, or w/e in front of his/her name.....it doesn't mean they are mean ruthless people. I mean it's what's in the heart that counts that an old friend of mine Gavin Docherty also pointed out.  But yeah it is upsetting how everyone had so much hope *I mean even I had thought they'd have a chance of finding her* but after today...that candle flame has just burned out. May her spirit be with the God Almighty now.
     

    



       
       3/28/04   Just another typical Sunday ^_^   Yes......another beginning for another week. How many weeks have gone by in my life? Too many to count. If you really wanna do the math 52x15=? So yeah right now....I guess I'm just thinking about what's going to pop up in my life this week. Probably more usual things....homework, working out, HYPE, usual I guess. Thing is though time is already passing so quickly. I mean right now two weeks ago was TC 2004, and I can't believe that in a matter of say...another 10 weeks it'll be 12 weeks ago when March Break happened. Time actually flys by so quickly. I now know why parents say we should cherish our childhood. I honestly think I've become 15 too quickly. Oh well...enough pondering about the future.....when I can barely keep track of the present hehe.  This morning I woke up at 7:30.....as I had to wake up early to do worship at church this week. Yes my eye is now swollen from yesterday when I got nailed into a wall......but that's the least most important part about gym night. The main object is........we all had fun =P despite the fact my eye looks like an apple lol. So went downstairs, had a quick breakfast and headed out the door. Jason seemed pretty cheery for having to wake up at 7am this morning since I had to pick him up early. Least he wasn't in a pissed-off mood.......so that's all that matters I'm still alive. Got to church around 8:10ish.....and quickly ran over the songs before english service. Yeah that's basically what happened before english service which then started at 9:15am.  After the singing, I was the first person to talk about my time at TC. I kinda don't know why they made this thing this year....but it was kinda cool. So I went up there and talked about my experiences at TC (refer to my flashback blog) and it actually wasn't that hard. I actually don't get nervous public speaking anymore......SWEEEET. So talked for about 5-7 minutes, then Rebecca went up, then Gavin. Basically we all talked about TC from different POV's (points of view). After that then I read scripture, Phillipians 4:1-7 and then came the message. Today's message was about personal and congregational peace, and how peace is the way to go in life. To me, if you have congregational peace, chances are you also have personal peace. Then song of response, and then offering, benediction, meditation then we all headed downstairs for food.....yum^_^...  Sunday school class we finished up lessons about different names for Christ...apparently God is called many different things throughout the Bible....like "The LORD is There" (Jehovah Shammah) or "The LORD is Peace (Jehovah Shalom). There were a few others....but I kinda forget em ehehehehhehee. Whoops. After the lesson chatted around for a bit.....then headed out for home.....I just feel like sleeping today......I WANT SLEEP lol.  Played some SC, did some homework, and of course.......ate lunch. Yeah today hasn't been to exciting....at church though Jason brought his inflatable Samurai sword....which was pretty funny lol. Like I said before my eye is still the size of an apple, oh yeah and like usual Carmen was late for english service =P. Oh yeah for some reason the UWO students had long rolls of newspaper used for swordfights...*shrug* weird bunch of kids lol. Hmm......other than that right now I don't really plan on doing much today......I sorta feel like just sitting here....and doing absolutely nothing. Productive no? Yes? No? Maybe? *Shrug* I still got homework and stuff.........and another stupid English test. I don't really see the purpose to these things. HONESTLY how the heck do you study for a english test? SHO lame. We also have a script for Romeo and Juliet thing set up. Me, Heather, Katherine and Robert are doing the scene where the huge fight happens and Mercutio and Tybalt die.....whoo how action packed....*zZzzzzZzzzZZZzzZZZzzz*  So what am I going to do now? Might go do something w/ Paul and Colin later, or just mope around here....waiting for what tomorrow has to offer for me hehe. *Yawn* Maybe I'll go sleep.....this week has been one LONG week.....and sleep looks VERY tempting hehe. Later.
     

    



       
       3/27/04   Badminton, Piano, Worship Practice, Church SPORTS NIGHT!   WOW what a long day today. I never actually realized it......but holy crap when you wake up at a time before 11am.....your day seems SOOO much longer. This morning I woke up at......I think 8am and my day started right then. Wow it was a pretty fun day though.....so much stuff to do and all....hehehe. Great Saturday not wasted ^_^.  My day like I said started at 8am today. Woke up early for UCC badminton. So yeah it was kinda hard waking up at 8am on a Saturday, but I managed....took me record 15 minutes to finally drag myself outta bed. Great time record set ^_^. So ate a quick breakfast, and then headed out the door.......armed and ready for 32hours of hard-hitting, intense, body-breaking BADMINTON!  *By the way yes that was sarcasm*  So yeah got to UCC around 8:30....and for the next two hours played some pretty fun games of badminton. Oh yeah saw Lina there too and her friend Yang! Haven't seen her since.......well Badminton season last year lol. Yeah she's got a LOT better now. She'd actually be a good mixed doubles partner....but she play singles since Banting badminton blows. Yeah and apparently people think I'm undergrad @ UWO lol. I am supposedly "good" at badminton for my age, as one first year PH.D student said to me lol. A 6th year student also thought that I was undergrad....wow lol do I look that old haha. But it's amazing how I can actually have decent games with people in University....I think I'm gonna start goin' on regular basis. It's cool too though.....since it wakes me up for piano also. Just gotta remember to sleep earlier on Friday nights. But yeah pretty good time.....had to leave at 10:30 though to get home in time for piano practice...grr.  So sat at home for about an hour....practiced piano and ate, MSNed for a bit and then headed out for piano. It's about 12:30pm right now.  Piano went ok. I got Kiwanis confirmation papers. Blast I'm competitor 1 for both my events lol. Not too cool but meh.....then again it can be good. I sorta set the bar. If I set it high.....well then it's more challenging for other people. So I gotta MAAAD practice these next few weeks hehe. Got nagged at for forgetting theory. Oops=P.  Well after that......I spent about an hour and a half at home just moping about....mostly drumming. Boy do I need a drum teacher.....my fills and stuff are all the same.....*shudder.* Hopefully summer I'll be able to find a teacher. But for now.....for the afternoon I drummed whatever I could, then got ready for Worship practice....which I was VERY tired for for some reason.  Got there perfectly on time. Everyone else just arrived too hehe. So basically we practiced to worship tomorrow. Most of the songs are somewhat slow so drums don't have much of a part but meh....it's still cool. I'll sing behind my noise bunker maybe lol^_^. But I don't know why.....I just seemed so TIRED for it. Maybe because I didn't really do anything.....but yeah I just felt REALLY tired. Glo, me, Simon and Niette doin' worship this week. Had some pretty funny talk there during practice though hehe.  Afterwards I headed straight to WLAC for Gym night tonight for our english ministry. Pretty fun night. Games, fun, food, etc. It was pretty cool. Met some new people...and just got to know some of the other people in the english service that normally attend on Sunday mornings. It was pretty cool. Unfortunately I kinda got injured lol. We were playing this game where you have a number, and when your number is called, you and the opponent w/ the same number get up and basically have a game. Well they called 4 numbers, it was a 4 on 4, and when I went to get the ball froun the boundary line.....Calvin checks me into the wall. So right now.....well my eye is kinda swollen but I'm ok. Ali gave me a ice pack that I thought would be useless....but I guess kinda helped take down the swelling. Ow but it feels so weird now....numb lol. After some group games *my group owned lol* we went out for food break and a short message from Pastor D. Spoke about Paul and his testimony in the Bible. Didn't really relate I think but apparently the committee back in LCAC made him do it. But it was still interesting. My eye was swollen through that whole time. Then afterwards.....VOLLEYBALL! So Deja Vu....I stuffed Craig *Gavin's friend* like I did to Rhoden last year....ONLY thing I actually did for the whole volleyball game that was good lol. Then some pickup games of 3-on-3 ball. Wow I'm horrible lol. Made probably a 20% FG%. Ouch. Lol I used to get at least 60% during summer.......this is what happens when you stop playing regularly for......almost a year? hahaha meh s'all good though all just fun times ^_^. It was cool times. Lol oh yeah and Jason's inflatable Samurai Sword lol......so cool. What else....Hmm....yeah that's all I can really think about right now. But it is really cool how God set up this event....for the idea of his followers to become closer Bro's and Sisters in Christ. Had really good times and just some great laughs.  So yeah now I'm home.....gotta head to bed soon hehe....plus I gotta make some point form notes for tomorrow since I'm speaking up there about my experience at TC this year. Plus I gotta wake up for worship hehe. Oh boy tomorrow's gonna be a LONG day too. Hmm....yeah I gotta prepare for tomorrow hehehe. Well anyways I'm out for the night I guess....fun day though....long days may have more hours, but that just means more stuff to do hehe. Yeah I guess I am kinda over optimistic. As Josh and Gavin mentioned over March Break I seem to be the only person that likes to take 6-hour walks around Downtown Toronto and still be smiling about it hahaha. Well yeah I'm out for the night Ladies n' Gents....so until tomorrow...Sayonara.  
     

    



       
       3/26/04   WELL DESERVED WEEKEND AFTER LONG WEEK   Normally I don't mind school as much as the people around me....but this week just seemed SOOO LONG. I don't know why.....maybe because I now wake up at 6am for most of the mornings of the week, or maybe just because it's the week after March Break. It's just that March Break passed by so quick this year.....I mean I still remember last year on the train comin' home from TC I was thinkin' "Boy...this TC kinda sucked I couldn't even make it to day two....NOW I GOTTA WAIT ANOTHER YEAR for TC." Wow do I regret saying that lol....that year would come by so quickly. That year is now.....well last week. And it's already come and gone by. *Sigh* I wish that life would pass by slower.....I mean I've gotten over missing TC but just the fact it passed by so FAST. But then again....that just means it'll only be another year until me and Gavin are TC Captains. ONLY a year =P. hehe.  Hmmm...also I just read up some random blogs and hit my old HYPE counselor's blog....CONNIE! I'm surprised that she wrote a entry on Jan. 13, 2002 about us. That was almost two years ago...that's how long HYPE's been around for. Pretty cool when I think about it....also at the same time kinda retarted to think about how immature we were back in grade 8,7 and 6. But then again it's cool to see how much we've all grown hehe. HYPE's now two years old....hehe yay!^_^.  This morning started off with senior band....and I'm actually starting to enjoy it. The music's pretty fun to play....and just to listen to some of it ......it's amazing stuff. Make's intermediate band look so crappy. So yeah it's been pretty wild week in band too.....I'm actually starting to get the hang of some of the music. It's actually not that hard....just some of the beats are REALLY weird.  History watched rest of Pearl Harbour Documentary, and talked about the Japanese internment camps. When I think about all the racial issues back in WWII, I sometimes wonder if Hitler would have won or not if those 6,000,000 people he killed fought for Nazi Germany instead. Just think.....another 6,000,000 armed humans sprawling across the European continent in probably another 15+ Panzer Divisions. That woulda killed. That would have meant probably another 1,500,000 men defending the beaches of D-Day alone, and probably anoter 3,000,000 could have helped in Russia. But no Hitler wanted to kill them.....there goes his victory. Anyways for the two movies....the movie Pearl Harbour actually was pretty accurate. We get to watch Saving Private Ryan next...only first 25 minutes though.....ugh the movie's so good just watch the whole thing.  Civics we talked about leadership.....pretty boring stuff. Then watched a movie w/ Martin Luther King Jr's speech on freedom and equality....you know the famous "I have a dream" one. Yeah we watched that...wasn't too exciting of a class......then lunch.  Lunch went to Jasper's again today....forgot what I had. OH YEAH I REMEMBER NOW. The burning Chicken Pot pie. My tongue still feels burned from it. You know that sandy....weird feeling. Well yeah I can still feel it and it's been 3 hours. It was DAMN GOOD though. Best chicken pie I've had in my life. Mike and John got their usual burger and breakfast (food goes in order w/ names). Hermann went out w/ Steve and them and Nate wasn't at school today. It was good pie though....mmmmmm chicken.  Math class did some graphing program. Really stupid. Apparently costs $510 for you to own it. How stupid for the government to be buying stupid programs like that lol. That money could have gone into buying 50 new basketballs......two new school computers, or maybe.......25,000 new pencils. But NOOOOOOO they HAD to buy a program we rarely use. *Sigh* the government....you gotta love em *not.*  Programming......made some program with a face winking....BOOOOORRRIIINNNNNGGGGG. I'm almost done Hyperstudio project though......such a crappy project but *shrug* lol.  Then came home off bus........and now........gonan probably go drum and then UCC. Maybe go canvassing for the Kidney Society....gotta do that by next friday hehe. Nothin' much else happened today....just that this week has gone by REAL SLOW.  I still remember on Sunday helping Janny w/ her history, Monday I was totally burned out, Tuesday Bio presentation, etc. etc. Oh yeah and LOTS of band in between those areas. I just don't get how the week passed by so SLOOOOOWLY with all that stuff to occupy me. *Shrug* hopefully next week will be different hehe.  Well originally my original posted blog was around 6 or so....but now it's 10pm and I just got back from UCC. OW MY MUSCLES HURT SO MUCH. First time working out in..........a month? Did a somewhat intense one. My biceps feel so numb still......and my chest feels messed up still too from bench. But yeah no breakin' tonite.....gotta build up muscles for.......badmintoN? Lol. And of course just for other stuff.....also I like to try to keep fit......and not become a 160 pound gr. 10 kid w/ 30% body fat. So yeah I did that today w/ Dan and Marcello basically for four hours.....good workout though. Now I'm sitting at home....blogging....gotta still practice piano....and wake up at......8 for badminton 2morrow lol. Plus worship practice, AND gym nite 2morrow....hehe long day =P.  Also on a side note.....COURSE SELECTIONS ARE SO FRIGGIN' DIFFICULT FOR GR. 11! I have too many things I want to take. If you can.....pray for the Lord's guidance to be with me while I'm confirming my courses in April. Thanks a bunch people =P.  Lates.
     

    



       
       3/25/04   Slowly settling back into school time again....   Yup it's been four days.....and I still can't settle back into my schedule before March Break. My brain still seems to think that sleep time is until 2pm......and lunchtime is still around 2pm in my head. So yeah last 4 days.....I've been starving in the middle of either english or programming. Stupid biological clocks........GET IT RIGHT LUNCH IS AT 11AM AT SCHOOL! Yes I realize that my biological clock won't just LISTEN to me but still just getting that comment out (come on...I'll give you a pizza if you listen =P)......no I'm not talking to my stomach I'm talking to my very talkative "Left Wall Section." Yeah you can shut up now. That was directed to you....yes you...the reader.  My day started off relatively decent. Last night was the first night I actually got  7 HOURS  of sleep! IT IS POSSIBLE TO SLEEP MORE THAN 5 HOURS. And WOW was it cool.....I actually felt AWAKE for once. Morning went by pretty quickly......got everything done and left the door at about 7:50 or so. Pretty nice looking day today....sun's shining already. A great blessing from the Lord after think it was 4 straight days of rain. Yesterday when I decided to cut across the train tracks to get home.....wow my shoe was actually getting stuck in the mud.....yeah and my Iverson Questions are basically ruined for now. They're old though so I don't really care. So yes.....headed to school like usual.....radio really stunk this morning....every station played the crummiest music I've heard in my life....106.9 I just hate because it's non-stop rap....the crappy kind. I mean I don't mind some (like Nas and such).....but listening to the artists like 50 and Chingy.....random crap about stuff that doesn't even matter....yeah they need a lesson 101 on "how to rap about stuff people care about." I mean I like Nas because he actually has stuff to bring out....like how so much in society is poison (his song "Poison"). IT ACTUALLY SOUNDS COOL BECAUSE THERE'S COOL ISSUES IN IT. I mean HONESTLY why would I give a crap about what a "wanksta" looks like. Crappiest song ever....besides "Right Thurr." *Shudder.*  And at school.... Music class first. We didn't really do much....worked on Gambolier....then we got into little groups like quartets and started playing random songs.....weird.  Oh yeah....and Kiwanis week....I'll be busy...REALLY BUSY. Apparently I'm now part of Senior Band for good, playing in intermediate band, and also Stage Band X. Plus my usual piano repetoire....wow. So much stuff....and so yes that was basically music class summed up right there....  Science.....did some lab w/ people running....I was falling asleep during that time....I'm amazed my marks are still so good even though I sleep during 50% of the classes lol.....I mean I still remember at times in September where I would fall asleep while writing a note......and my note would kinda trail off into "-------------------------------"   Lunch today was different from ordinary. I didn't go eat lunch.....but instead stayed into play some basketball. O M G i'm horrible now. Sunk one from outside perimeter and then another one around the foul line. Wow I really need to start playing again lol. But yeah....played a pick up game sorta thing.....me Jason and Dan were on a team. Boy were we horrible lol. Jason was the most hyper one out of all of us like usual......and I just sucked. Long story short.....I starved for lunch =P.  Bio class........Tehmina and Rachel's group presented their presentation today on "the respiratory system." Lots of candy.....basically they killed our group in all aspects. And I've never seen so many overheads in my life. It was REALLY good presentation though.....just the content....and the game afterwards. We won! lol. Mmm........sour gummy bears and gumballs. The  gumballs I shoed 20 in my mouth.....not very smart as up until now my jaw is still numb from chewing the huge piece that was in my mouth. Well combined into one gigantic piece thing.  English...read......and went to Robert's group. John Terry and Adam Crookes are just too friggin' annoying. Nothing against Mike he's cool but the other two....yeah just can't stand them. So I went w/ Katherine, Heather, and Robert now. Robert's alright ever since I got to know him better from working on bio presentation together.....and when u sat beside him in Geo and Bio this year.....yeah you talk a little bit. Heather and Katherine are pretty cool kids too.......both seem pretty obsessive w/ drama though haha. So we started the script.....pretty much debated for 40 minutes what scene to do and whether we should add bullet-time matrix stuff for the sword fight lol. Yeah........and at one point since we figured we were short on actors.....we were planning a teddy bear to play Mercutio lmao. Yeah weird bunch of people....oh yeah and the line that my last group had.... "Where Romeo at....Dawg?!" honourable mention from teacher haha.  Badminton tryouts today.....I thought I did OK. I still don't get how they decide how good you are from watching you play doubles. Doesn't make any sense. Meh both ways I think I might have made the team.....but then again I think I may have got cut because well the 9ers basically make it on by default for experience, and Pokan plays decent. there's 10 spots. Hermann, Jacob, Brandon, Niner A, Niner B, so basically 5 spots left on the team lol. Well for the guys....I don't know anything about the girls on the team. Too many of them lol. SO yeah that was basically badminton summed up. I hope I make it at least hehe.  Afterwards, walked to bus stop w/ Mike and Dan, and then headed home. Stopped at the park to play ball w/ Dominik and Ryan for a bit. Wow I'm horrible still haha.....plus I was starving lol. So played for about.....20 minutes or so then headed home.  Napped for an hour......thats long story short at home. Drummed for a bit...and now I go eat after this blogging hehe. Yeah I'm on the phone w/ Josh discussing HYPE website so it's kinda hard to think lol. Cya.
     

    



       
       3/24/04   Well....lookie I actually am blogging again lol   Yeah....was just surfin' around some blogs.....and went to Jesse Wong's. Crazy how the dude still seems to remember us so well hahaha. Well yeah it was cool to see a whole entry.......FOR OUR FELLOWSHIP!? Were we actually that annoying though back then I wonder? Wouldn't be surprised.....but yeah I never really realized how much more mature we've got over the years. Come to think of it....we've changed......A LOT. But it's pretty cool that he still remembers us hehehe. Gavin still learns guitar off him so yeah I guess he'd remember Gavin pretty well hehe. Well yeah thought I'd add that....pretty cool though seein' that we're still in his mind. Keep growin' in Christ Jesse.....if it were never for you LCAC would probably still have no youth fellowship.  Well I'm gone hehe....lates people.
     

    



       
       3/24/04   Image is Nothing...Thirst is everything. Obey your Thirst   Hehe kinda funny.....yeah I bet you recognize that slogan....Sprite? Now ring a bell? Well yeah I was watching that commercial yesterday....and something pretty funny just popped in my head....the slogan can almost seem to fit for Christianity haha.....  "Image is nothing" in my mind was like....your image on this world to others is nothing....However "Thirst is Everything" reminds me of how longing to build up your relationship w/ Christ is everything. "Thirsting for his friendship." So therefore...."Obey Your Thirst"=P. Amusin' huh? Bet you never thought of it that way haha. "Image is Nothing...Thirst is everything. Obey your Thirst" hehe.  ANYWAYS.....  Yeah this week is the first week where I gotta experience Gr. 10 and Senior band all in one week....it's the first of the many future weeks....well 'till the end of the school year. So yeah....these last few days I've been averaging 5 hours of sleep a night.......Pretty sweet eh? NO. I've been so tired last few days....I just REALLY need some sleep lol.  So yes....my sleep deprivation is soaring still.....as I can barely stay awake first period each day now...but I can still manage hehe. Today though I had band....argh. So I woke up at 630.....going to bed at 1am the earlier night, and trudged out the door after a usual....slow moving morning. It's cool though how the sun's actually UP when I wake up....hehe I clearly live out the phrase "rise w/ the sun." So I got a ride to school...it wasn't actually too bad weather this morning though...right now it's raining....actually it's stopped looking out my window but it WAS raining.  Band......yes I play bass trombone now. It's bigger, louder, and cooler. It's actually shiny too ^_^. Usual repetoire....Trombones like usual sound good......and the trumpets like usual sound like a bunch of out-of-tune foghorns.Flutes and Clarinets sound good now though.....amazingly. Even though 15 flutes were missing today....you can't ever tell the difference. I think half of our band IS just flutes...and yet 4 trombones still produce more sound =P. So yeah band was pretty good today...  And after that......history class. We watched Pearl Harbour and a Documentary ON the actual battle. Compared the differences and similarities. Well basically yeah if you haven't seen the movie it's a decent example of the actual battle....I mean obviously they kinda made the Americans look "good" even though they were getting their butts kicked....but patriotism right =P. Which by the way I kinda thought was interesting how they played "happy, victorious, rah rah go America" music when......well they managed to get TWO PLANES up to fight.......300 Jap planes? lol......sad how Hollywood needs some sort of "America's got hope" thing in the movie. Also.......it's kinda stupid I still find how in the end they just HAD to add the bombing in Japan-occupied China....that was supposed to make America look "good" by retalliating...when really it was a waste of B-24 Liberator bombers, and well-trained American pilots...they just HAD to add that to the movie even though it happened almost 4 months later. The actual battle was a lot more gruesome probably......and also I doubt it'd be that amazing managing two planes to get into the air. Basically Americans had a TOTAL loss...and Japs whooped their butts. Final Casualties: Japan lost around 30 planes and 5 midget subs. America lost whole Pacific Fleet  Civics classed....watched the rest of Remember the Titans. Great movie....seen it umpteen times but still really good. "Everywhere we goOOO Everywhere we goOOO people wanna knoOOO people wanna knoOOO...."etc etc. Great cheer lol. So yeah watched that....chatted with Fenoulet and Pokan a bit...then headed for lunch.  Lol great times today at lunch. We went to Jasper's Cafe today.......Mmmmm pasta.....sho good. Some beef something something. AMAZING THOUGH......it was REALLY filling. Oh yeah and my daily cup of java too. Java, mocha, mud, Cup O' Joe.....w/e you wanna call it. New staff person today......made Thompson's breakfast look like well.....crap. Boss yelled at her too I think from what Thompson heard. Bummer hehe. And well so yeah....basically today at lunch:  John: MAN.....why do those Gr. 9 FOBS always take the couches?! Joe: Man QUIT CALLING EVERY ASIAN A FOB John: UGH BUT THOSE FOBS.... *Joe smacks Thompson across head* John: OW.....what was that for *punches Joe* *Joe Smacks Thompson across back of head...* John: GEEZ CHILL.........I only said ONE joke *Hermann then smacks Thompson....causing him  to spill his coffee all over himself*  Asians vs. Americans....Asians won lol. Hermann "accidentally" smacked Thompson while he was drinking his coffee. Hermann's excuse: (which is very original by the way)  "I DIDN'T SEE IT!"  Lol so yeah Thompson kinda look like he wet himself....so people got a few laughs out from that....he was pretty pissed though for the rest of the day. But yeah it was kinda funny.....seeing he spilled coffee on me before too.....so yeah Hermann kinda just did something I was supposed to do a LONG time ago...but I'm not that "hostile" anyways to start with. But yeah I think John's gonna kill me tomorrow lol.  Math class........WE GOT OUR TESTS BACK! Class average........51%! AMAZINGLY THOUGH I whoooped graphite ass on this test. 96%!!!! CRAPPAGE TOTALLY CHINESE-FAILED IT! NOOOOOOOOOOOO! J/k 96% is actually the best mark I've got on anything in math this year....other than stupid 2 question quizzes......I'm talkin' about like BIG KAHUNA tests. So yeah.........life's been very dear to me lately....I've had some great times....and the future is looking bright =). But I really despise geometry........trigonometry's up next. Hope it's easy. But yeah I really do thank the Lord for guidin' me through that test. It was honestly BRUTAL. So happy I only got two marks off ^_^.  Programming......well I made my first game EVER in my life today on a computer. Not interactive but it's still pretty cool. Turing is pretty basic language, but you can do a hefty bit with it. So yeah we made a checkers game. I finished mine pretty quickly and headed to surfing the web.....Lol one kid Raymond posted up the code on his website, a few others copied and got sent out to the hallway....all of em haha. Now they get zero no matter what. Bummer lol. Mitch kinda went overboard and made a movie-script-like thing to go w/ his lol.  Well after school....bused home w/ Dejan and Elaina. Talked...then walked home. Wow lucky I didn't wear K-Swiss shoes today woulda been ruined.....decided to cut across train tracks....NEVER DO IT IN THE RAIN. The grounds all muddy and squishy from lack of roots holding ground together, so yeah when water falls the soils all loose and muddy....grr my Questions are sorta ruined now. Meh. Just happy they weren't my K-Swisses. Hmm.....so yeah today kinda sucked since it was raining. Managed to get home still at least hehe.  Piano practiced, ate, MSN for a bit. Gloria was just telling me about how some Koreans get their eyelids surgically enlarged....eew. And in Mexico apparently you can do it on the streets. *shudder* reminds me of movie Minority Report. Actually I laughed at that part of the movie sadly lol.  So yeah that's basically my day up until 5pm. Doubt I'll blog later unless somethin' REALLY cool comes up. Got piano theory and stuff tonight. Grrr....Oh well haven't seen those people in theory for a week...kinda cool to see em I guess after March Break=).  So yeah....I'll just leave you with my cheesy slogan taken from Sprite:"Image is Nothing...Thirst is everything. Obey your Thirst." Lol I am overusing that phrase.  Lates.  
     

    



       
       3/23/04   Thought I'd add this   Yeah this is my first time ADDING onto a day's entry...but I just really felt I had to add this...  Well while surfing blogs just now......I came across Gavin's. His last few days have just seemed so rough. I'm just thankful that he's got back to his senses now. I mean.....with his new gift of being able to "see" into Spiritual Realm....can sound so freaky. I just wanted to say Gavin man....you got guts to be usin' that gift. If I were in your shoes, wow would I have fear at some times. Props man.... maad props.  On another note.....I mean I guess the person I helped on Sunday hasn't totally slipped my mind yet. I just hope the assignment I helped her on will be alright....also I just hope that her life will improve period. I guess this is just like a "reflection/thoughts" part I'm adding in.....never really done this before. But yeah...you know who you are out there....your life is in God's hands no worries.  Yeah so I thought I'd add that....not much else to say. I just hope that those two things mean something to the people I'm writin' to. Lates. (Wonder how Josh is doing with his Buddhism exploring w/ why people believe in Buddhism).  Oh yeah Gavin...read March 23rd's Our Daily Bread....might give you a little bit of encouragement there buddy.
     

    



       
       3/23/04   Biology Presentation went DECENT....The opening of Badminton Season   So I guess March Break's ending does bring some fun.....I mean the start to a new badminton season.....hehe there's a bit of fun there I guess. Also we got a tea dispenser now at my house ^_^. So yeah these last few days have been somewhat amusing I guess since school restarted.  Well this morning did have its unfortunates. I ended up only getting 6 hours of sleep last night since I decided to stay up 'till midnight. But it was alright I still managed to wake up on time. Weird. The sun's actually up now when I wake up at 6am. Good sign of summer I guess. So this morning was a bit welcoming I guess....the sun's up now when I rise. Cool. Well then I head to school after doing my usual morning routine.....and off to senior band I go.....whoo.  This morning......wow it was a bit of a waste lol. I mean I was signed up to play basically just Godzilla Eats Las Vegas.....but in the end now I am basically PART of the senior band. Meh......it's kinda cool but at the same time VERY HARD. Senior music is actually a bit difficult compared to the stuff I play right now. Next year I might actually have to start practicing for band =P.  After band today......MUSIC! Featuring back....MRS. WHARTON! Yes the teacher I'm supposed to have is finally back. And yes it was an interesting music class. Much more open than usual which was pretty cool. So we just played random songs.....and stuff like that. Basically just chatted around since it was her first "full day" back.  Science......notes notes and more notes. Fake quiz on first day...which was really lame of Mr. Curphey to do. HA HE'S LAME AND THAT'S LAME......shut up.  Lunchtime..................today I headed out to Galleria and bought Subway.....mmmmmmmmmmmm subs. And then I had to buy a prize for our bio presentation......we have a cheesy mini-game show that totally failed at the end lol.  BIOLOGY! Summarizing: The presentation by me, Robert, Adam and Everett KICKED ASS. Well I think at least lol. We took up the whole 75 minutes. It's actually not that difficult to. In fact, we could have taken up more time....ok maybe not because we just ran a video in the end. About a "nutrition rave" in Los Angeles somewhere. it's a rave....but instead of E it's vitamin supplements and instead of booze it's juice. Interesting I know lol. So yeah basically Adam did the powerpoint, I did the talkin for the intro and some other add-ins, and Okanski and Robert split up vitamins and minerals. Oh yeah and Adam's intelligence at its prime:  Adam: Alright people.....now time for some questions to see if you were paying attention. Flip that note over on its back so NO CHEATING =D. Joe: Adam....the sheets double sided.  Yup.....so our game kinda bombed. Adam assumed we were supposed to let them write the answers down and first person to hand in all the right answers wins. Well MY original idea was to ASK them with a VOICE and have them put up their hands. So yeah....unfortunately in the end after much confusion and getting some people pissed off *I think half the class wants to kill me now =S* We FINALLY managed to find a winner. Some dude in gr. 11. Meh. I really don't care....it's 3 bucks of fried potatoes. I mean yeah they're good but fighting over them? PEOPLE THOSE FRIED PIECES OF POTATO CLOG YOUR ARTERIES. I mean HONESTLY their fighting for deterioration of their bodies lol. Maybe I'm going to far but yeah just somethin' that Adam said that inspired that hehe.  English......read. Then I had to stay back because I left "early." Wow two minutes before the bell SORRY. Not that I care since I have badminton anyways....and 'sides more time to finish my novel. War Angel.....about 9/11 a bit and some other stuff. It's alright I guess.....grr I wanted to get Tribulation Force (2nd book of Left Behind). But yeah off to badminton now...  Badminton..........meh fun fun I guess =P. I think I'll get cut though lol I'm actually terrible now. All I can really do is drive and clear....my smashes aren't much better than before. If I even have a chance it'll be because of "technique" and not brute force. I hate smashing so much.....lucky I can kinda receive em hehe. But yeah not much to say about that.....just playing and stuff. There are some decent 9ers actually........BUT SO MANY OF THEM! Like 20 of them....and only 10 gr.10's. Oh yeah and 70% of the team are asians......and 90% of them are FOBS lol. Me, Hermann and PK seem to be the only people that don't even seem FOBee. Oh yeah and of course the white kids hehe.  Well yeah now I'm home....nothin' much happened as you can see today. Well least my bio presentation went well. I seem to pray a lot more than before now though ever since my Gr. 10 year started....and so far it's been doing  good for me =P. I feel pretty comfortable public speaking now too.....today I actually didn't speed up like usual. Oh yeah tried cracking one or two lame jokes too lol. But yeah I'm out.......think I'm gonna go drum for a bit. So until tomorrow......here's your daily cup O' Joe....fresh off the uh.......keyboard?
     

    



       
       3/22/04   NOW I remember why NEVER to blog early AGAIN   Hehe......well my plan to blog earlier yesterday was pretty stupid. I now remember why I don't blog until my whole day has passed hehe. Well I'm first gonna blog about what happened yesterday AFTER my blog post went up.....as one of the weirdest things ever came up. Well not weird exactly.....but more of like....cool actually...  *Flashin' back to last night*  Well after blogging, I basically spent the rest of the day yesterday doing the mound of homework I had due for today and tomorrow. Well the Biology note had to get done since I needed to get Ms. Wiener to photocopy it, so it was kinda default that I had to do it. But yeah my night kinda took a turn *instead of sleepin' at 11 I slept at 1* when I helped someone do their history...no it wasn't anyone in London but someone I met @ TC. After helpin' her w/ her project *no names mentioned* we started talkin' n' stuff, and then by the end.....she basically told me about how her life's not exactly too cool at the moment and how @ TC she never really felt that comfortable. It was kinda cool though how earlier that day in Sunday School the speaker that came in to talk to us.....talked kinda about the same thing. ...  Basically he never had a great childhood or anything, and didn't  turn to God until about 16. So I told her the story, and I don't know what effect it had on her up until now. But yeah I started prayin' for her last night also. Thought I'd share that....was kinda interestin' how somethin' I learned at 11 came handy 13 hours later. It was also my first time helpin' out someone in a Spiritual "depression." Basically she wasn't havin' exactly a great time growin' in Christ. I talked to some other people about what I should do.....and I just hope the advice I gave her was really from Christ himself. So after that THEN I started the bio and stayed up till 1am. Wonder how she's feelin' right now...  *Back to now*  So yeah...for the whole day today I was still thinkin' about what happened yesterday. So basically I didn't sleep until 'bout 2am last night. Lucky it wasn't band night or I woulda been screwed =P.  So I woke up around 730.....and then did usual morning routine and headed out  the door with Patrick. Got to school pretty early actually which was surprising. History class was ok today.....we didn't really do anything.....just usual note-taking and preparing for next day where we're gonna compare the movie "Pearl Harbour" *Parts of it* and some documentary to see how real the movie really was. Funny though when Mr. Campell had to sub for Ms. Manson for a bit today. He was makin' Ms. Manson seem like a dictator haha. Actually I like his teaching style better......waaay more laid back and not as serious. Also today in history.....I just felt REALLY sick.....wanted to go home but I felt better throughout the day. Kinda started prayin' in my head. So yeah it was pretty boring.......you know usual history class. I mean I like the subject....just sometimes Ms. Manson makes it so......BORING.  Civics class.....whee *there Gertrude I spelled it WHEE* we started watching "Remember the Titans!" FINALLY! Something that DOESN'T require AS much work. No note-taking for 140 minutes in a row! er wait 150 since periods are 75 mins long each, and having that two periods in a row in the same room w/ the same teacher is pretty unappealing. So yeah..........watching the movie. AWESOME MOVIE if you people have never seen it. Seen the thing probably over 10 times already.  Lunch today went out like usual. I couldn't really eat though. Wow first time I had no appetite at mealtime. *Cringes at that thought.* HOW?! I have no clue...but it got to the point where I gave Thompson one of my pancakes and Hermann a piece of toast. ME!? GIVING AWAY MY LUNCH!? Yeah it's unusual.....but I just had no will to eat today. *Shrug.*  Math class.....YES I DON'T FEEL AS BAD AS THIS MORNING IN HISTORY! So yeah I actually got to intake some KNOWLEDGE. AAAH I'M LEARNING! Started geometry.....my dislike in the math subjects. Why can't we do algebra? It actually makes sense. Who cares about.....ANGLES and LENGTHS OF SIDES and if a stupid triangle is CONGRUENT. I'd rather figure out what "a" equals to than looking at two ALMOST identical shapes, calling them CONGRUENT or NOT and then getting it wrong because I was off by half an inch or something. THEY'RE CLOSE ENOUGH. But most of all the funnest math unit......is probably BEDMAS. So useful and easy ^_^.  Programming.......BORING. That should basically be enough to say.  Stage Band X today.....actually we are beginning to sound decent. I'm actually beginning to like the sound we produce.......sometimes.  Ohh yes the bass trombone I play in Stage Band X.....shooooo shiny lol. It actually still looks like BRASS and not like PLASTIC.  Well when I got home......I drummed for an hour then watched TV. Then slept.  Now what am I doing? Well after finishing this blog I'm going to eat, then do homework, and then sleep. Senior Band tomorrow. OH YEAH also tomorrow MRS. WHARTON'S back to teach us! SWEET! No more Mr. McCumber I just remembered hahaha.  But anyways.......by day's end my mind's been cleared up from all the thoughts I had from last 3-4 days, and I just feel a lot better compared to this morning health-wise. So I'm cool for now. Lol Ada just told me she d/l all the pics off Martha's MSN group. Craaaazy........almost 70 pics haha. And now I'm off to dinner. Mmmm.........foooooood^_^. Later.
     

    



       
       3/21/04   Early Blog....there's sometin new   Blogging at 230?! From ME!? NOOOOOO WAY! Well yeah believe it....it's happenin' right now. Yeah today I'm gonna basically be cooped up in my house anyways.....drumming, h/w, etc etc. So much work to do today that I kinda shoved behind me from March Break. Then again who doesn't do that hehe. So yeah I'm officially settled back into my slow-paced hick life.....filled with loads of sleep, piano, drumming, and blogging. Of course though I'm gonna keep on pushin' on the goals I've set for myself at TC. But just from last night after I stopped blogging until even now....I'm still thinking of all the crazy stuff that's happened these past few days. I mean I felt God's presence just.....so much more I guess. Now I'm realizin' that before when I complained about God not being there for me or sometin', really it's just me being too ignorant to even stop and listen to anyone....including God. So yeah after realizing that today during church....I'm going to try to look around everyday for how God's done something for me each day in my blog....as I know everyday he provides me with something. I just hope that I can keep this goal and that this isn't a "spiritual high" aftermath.  Well today I woke up at usual time. Wow reflecting on your week until 3am isn't exactly MOST intelligent thing to do the night before church....but really cleared my mind. It was so weird though. While I was thinkin'......all these weird noises were coming out of my compy. Either I think too much of Silent Hill 3 (there was like a high pitched noise comin' from somewhere) or yeah sometin' weird was goin' on. Well I guess I was thinkin' at the time maybe it was time to go to sleep. So yeah headed upstairs....and then decided to read Psalm 23 tonight. I guess I'm kinda going off track with my devos.....but sometimes I just like to read the Bible on my own and not follow guidelines. So after waking up this morning.......I had a quick breakfast then ran out the door. Picked up Jason and then English Service here I come!  Today was pretty interesting for english service. Well before anything else Calvin and Carmen are on a two-game losing streak for ushering. Showed up late both times. Yeah I do realize I'm still on a hockey aftermath from the "Spiritual hat-Trick" thing but meh I like hockey....and it does kinda make sense. Sorta. Maybe. Somewhat.....Anyways point is me and Gavin had to take over for ushering today. English service saw a new dude come in. Think his name was Greg dun really remember. But yeah hope that dude keeps on comin. Service today also took a different route.....we had TEAM Missionaries come in and speak to us.   The speaker, who's name was Charlie, spoke about well.....missionary work today. He read from Acts chapter 1, and the memory verse for this week I find pretty cool. It reads:  "But you will receive power when the Holy Spirit comes on you; and you will be my witnesses in Jerusalem, and in all Judea and Samaria, and to the ends of the earth."  By the way that's verse 8. So from that one line the speaker Charlie was speaking about how missionaries should be witnesses all the time anywhere. Sadly I was kinda falling asleep from lack of sleep last night....so I went downstairs and slashed some water on my face to wake me up. I felt alright after that. After the sermon though.....Ali who was doing song of response w/ worship team went up and read the EXACT verse I was thinkin' about. The verse is Isaiah 6:8, which reads:  "Then I heard the voice of the Lord saying, "Whom shall I send? And who will go for us?" And I said, "Here am I. Send me!"   I remember that verse as last year for TC 2003 I was in team Isaiah, and that verse was our "key" verse I guess you can say. But yeah I did some thoughts on it a while back, and I just find it pretty cool how Isaiah was already so enthusiastic about doing such works. Heh these few months have shown me so many people that sacrifice so much to get to know God. I feel as though God is telling me "Joe, you can still sacrifice much more." I really do believe in that....as this is why I am beginning to improve my prayers and increase the time spent on devos. Oh yeah Carmen and Calvin managed to make it for offering part of their ushering task though. Least they made it. Better late than never as they say.  After service.....well my SECOND bag in FOUR DAYS broke. The strap on this one broke piece of crap lol. I hopped off of the stage and *snap.* Lucky I have a spare strap. On my TIME bag the strap was still intact, but the ring for the strap broke. So yeah I've been havin' pretty bad luck w/ duffel bags last few days. But now time for class =P.  Class today we listened to the Len Nation's story of his life. Wait I think his first name was Len. Well anyways the speaker was talking about how he ever came about to becoming a pastor and pastoring at a church. Apparently he was raised in a pretty crummy area, his parents divorced, and he just never had a decent childhood. High school he was basically the school bully, narc dealer and booze hound. But after this one even that happened.....the gov't put him into a juvie program that forced him 4000 miles away from community and they had to climb the Rockies. Basically each day was military training, and then one day.....a huge glacier avalanche came down. A barrage of snow, ice, and debris started hurtling down the hill, and him and the other juvies ran to take cover. He happened to find a big indent to hide behind for cover, and he said that as he was sitting there with all the stuff flying by he felt and pictured God "holding him by the neck with a dagger in other hand." But....after that....God just stood back....like backed off, as though forgiving him and giving Len mercy. See all Mr. Nation's life he's been doing everything possible against God as he hated him, but when God seemed to still forgive him, Mr. Nation was just so amazed at God's Grace. Pastor Mackness said that it's almost like the Song "Amazing Grace," which talks of Christ even saving a wretch like the composer. So yeah i've met some pretty cool people last few days. Pastor Bartha was just an amazin' speaker @ TC (like the story of how someone was almost 'bout to kill him but backed off when Bartha said if he died, then his word would spread even faster from the fact someone would kill him for that), Sumair for his amazin' story about how he came to Christ, and today Mr. Len Nation for basically giving us his testimony. Craaaazy stuff, but cool.  Well yeah that is basically the highlight of my day. For the rest of my day, I'm gonna be doin' the homework I've held back and just drum around. Not much variety of stuff but it's gotta be done. So yeah......until later.....Lates.
     

    



       
       3/20/04   Spiritual Hat Trick By Christ himself   OK.....well after TC 2004....you know....especially this year as I had mentioned before I feel re-dedicated and refreshed. God already showed me so much this week. I'll basically go straight into the whole "Spiritual Hat-Trick" in a moment.....but today was just so spiritually amazing. No wait....correction that this WEEK has just been.....so powerful. I was gonna say weird but earlier when I was talkin' to my dad he used the word "powerful," which I find MUCH more appropriate.  Well today sadly was the day I head back to London. *sigh* TC 2004, the chillin' in downtown T-dot, yeah it's all gonna be cherished for a while hehehe. I mean......just havin' bot hthe priviledges of Spiritual growth....and just havin a blast w/ some friends......yeah it's honestly some of the best times that I think you can have on this earth. So yeah.....we said our final good-byes and stuff, and headed out the door for our final subway ride down to Union Station for home. This morning I was really missin' TC lol.  Well before headin' out the door.....logged on MSN for a bit and checked my blog's g-bookie. It's CRAZY how small this world is. Apparently the counselor that helped me re-dedicate......is none other than Gerty's Cousin! Waaaaah.........Daniel Trinh and Gerty are related!? NOOOOOOO WAY! And then also....I found out that Jesse Wong apparently knows one of Jenn's friends. And then she told me that Jesse's girlfriend goes to TCBC. Wow what a small world just thinkin' about it now. My old HYPE counselor somehow knows Jenn lol. Er Jenn's friend. And Gerty's cousin helped me get my life back on track? Incredible. So cool though =P.  But yeah....got a drive from Dave's parents to the Subway stop.....and then said our Thank-You's and stuff and then headed downstairs. Stupid Toronto subway. I thought I got stuck in the revolving doors. I was going through VERY slowly through the door w/ my gargantuan bag when I hear a *click* and I'm thinkin "There's no friggin way your lockin' on my ya piece of crap." Thankfully it was a false alarm lol, but yeah it was pretty scary at the moment=P. But yeah then we headed to the train stop.....found Jason *we were a bit late but we lived* then quickly ran to the train. JUST MADE IT FOR BOARDING. Too bad all the group seats are taken *blast* but we managed to find some aisle seats near one another. However though this would lead me to a really weird thought later on...  Well as the train started headin' off, I started listenin' to music. Jason was already slowly dozin', Gavin was readin his TC booklet, and Josh I'm not sure of because he sat in front of me. I know though he did his devos because I saw him do his when I started doing mine. I haven't been using the ODB actually for a bit, and I'm actually gonna probably begin using the Purpose Driven Life devo book for the next well......40 days hehe. But today I just read Matthew 6, and just read over how to pray once again. To me honestly, prayer is probably like THE biggest thing. Just the idea of putting total faith on the Heavenly Father.....yeah that's why I think prayer is one of the most powerful things out of all the things to do for a Christian. So yeah I am finding the Lectio Divina method of doing devos pretty effective. i'm really startin' to sometimes really be able to just PICTURE the exact happenings of the stuff written in the Good Book. So did my Devos in about 40 minutes....yeah I find long time devotions really is effective. I did it last night too....read Acts chapter two about when the Apostles started to talk in different languages all of a sudden after being filled with the Holy Spirit. So yeah I guess TC did effect me a hefty bit this year. I just hope that it lasts on until....well.....ever hehe. Well yeah just finished devos and......PERFECT TIMING! Lunch =P.  Mmm.....Ham and Cheese sandwich. The marvelous talent of VIA cooks =P. Gavin payed for my meal since he owed me $$$. So his 7 dollar debts been paid.....and Josh still owes me 2.50 hehe. David still owes me 15 bucks from bus tickets lol. So yeah it was a pretty good lunch. Gave my peanuts to some dude sitting beside me. Pretty cool guy though. We chatted a bit about few things. UT2K4, gaming, even a bit about religion. Was kinda interesting to see him having a Muslim Qo-Ran. So I asked him if he was Muslim. Apparently he's Catholic....just readin Qo-Ran for more knowledge. Kinda intersting though....I sorta wanna get to know other religions better though too. So after that I then started to listen to my music for.......hmm.....30 minutes or so. Oh yeah really weird....I think I saw my careers teacher in the train too =S.   Actually one thing that kinda got me thinkin' on the train today was my devo. See....there's always people saying how the Bible's "contradictory" but honestly I have never seen it happen before. Well today I ALMOST thought that with the line "don't pray like the Gentiles do." Thing is though...I am a Gentile. I'm a non-Jewish Christian. However....as I kept thinking about it....it did make sense in the end. I mean....it's sorta like how if you read something saying something like "don't program this program like the humans did." However, you're a human being. A Person. But, you can still change your way from how the previous humans programmed.  It's like how I'm a Gentile Christian.....but I don't do what the Gentiles do in Prayer. Get it?  Well after chattin' for a bit n' stuff, FINALLY LONDON ONTARIO. Blast. I was actually kinda sad too because now I'm officially 200 kilometres from Toronto. Crappage. Well got a ride from Gavin's parents......and off to home I went.  Home.....basically I sat in front of the comp chattin' to TC kids, reorganizing comp, and just lookin at the 97+ pics I took while on vacation hehehe. Wonder how I'm gonna get these developed lol. So talked to TC kids, and then this was where the Spiritual Hat-Trick came in.  I used the term "Hat-Trick" as first I'm a hockey fan and I felt God has majorly showed me three amazing things this last week. First one: gotta be the craaaazy dedication that I saw my counselor Sumair have from being a "sorta" Muslim guy to a devoted Christian. I was wowed by how he became one. He had to just go through so much toil, and arguments at times to get to his goal. But I really praise the Lord for lettin' him receive the prize. So yeah that was the one big first thing that hit me. So that's One "Goal."  The second feat that God showed me of himself was the WHOLE TC 2004 day two. First thing that was when I re-dedicated myself to God....and I was just almost in tears in seeing so many people either re-dedicating or dedicating for the first time. Really felt a warm feeling in my heart. And also just the final worship......when I prayed for most of it....and just reflected.....wow so much happened there. I doubt I'll be able to describe it in blog....but it was just sometin' that I never felt before. I mean....I just felt the Holy Spirit just take over me and seem to say "Welcome back Joe into God's arms."  And also after Gavin's talk today about how he felt demons and stuff during worship.....real deep stuff but really makes me think twice about why I'm so priviledged to know Christ. It's also crazy how Gavin felt it during worship....just shows how powerful Satan's presence can be....yet be defeated by Words of God when Gavin prayed for it to leave. So yeah that was Goal #2.  Now the 3rd one. This one is a bit weird. I mean it started off with a debate w/ Josh on whether d/l music is cool or not. Now personally up until now I still don't consider it "stealing" but he did. So we kinda got into an argument *details not included* and then in the end I kinda ended with a "Alrite I'll stop d/l music if either God or the Artist tells me to stop." Well....this sentence I think kinda cornered me as God would show me at fellowship. See today we had a workshop on "descision making" and how the four main things that affect it are:  Values Virtues Variables Vision  So yeah.....I was thinkin' "wow....these things are basically the things I was goin' through my head when I was debating with Josh." Now though.......I don't know for sure if God's tellin' me to stop d/l music though....cuz I mean....I'm not exactly selling it for myself, I'm just d/l em for my own musical appreciation.I guess I kinda live by the sense that music is like art. Josh actually came up with this analogy. Art if you like it can be sketched for appreciation. So basically well I basically just download the music for appreciation. So up until now....I'm still a bit confused, but as the night is going by *it's 1am now* I think I'm starting to get a clearer vision of this. I mean.....I guess I've been livin' by the whole idea of "private use is OK" sorta thing. But I think I'll be buyin' CD's soon anyways. But yeah......I guess it just made me think today...."God REALLY does speak when you challenge him." So yeah.......think I'm gonna be thinkin' twice before I type now. Just how direct and how quickly The Lord answered me....wow. Thanks for the eye-opener God.  Well.......actually come to think of it Christ scored more than 3 goals this week. There was also the very strange thing of how my workshop got switched.......but it was switched for the best. Originally I was gonna take a workshop on relationships and another on Music and Evangelism....but in the end the Music one got cut off....which left me with none other than....."Give me Oil in my Lamp." This workshop was for the best though. I now really know what "doing my devos" really means....er wait what was the other word I used before....socializing w/ Christ? That works hehe. So yeah and also....I am now beginning to fix up my prayer. In fact I tried it out today.....and I was amazed how fluent my prayer went. It was as though the Holy Spirit was actually in me.....speaking out of me word for word. So yeah.......put it this way forget the hat-trick thing. What's someone who's scored more than 12 goals in one game called =P.  As for the rest of fellowship tonight......well after the little Missions Presentation we got from a group of missionaries, HYPE had their own little meeting about TC. Junior one really seems watered down from the previous ones. I guess removing the workshops really had sometin' to do with it. But yeah Steph seemed to have a cool week back in London too w/ her dad. And then the seniors (me, Gavin, Josh, Brian and Jason) had LOTS to say. So yeah we took up about an hour. Talked about so much. I mean just some things I remember off the top of my head.....  Well Josh talked about the vision of heaven that he had a while ago. Thing is though this time he was tellin' us about how he afterwards prayed for each of us to either experience or envision God in another way. Surprisingly without me knowing......it happened. That dream I told you about a while ago about my church growing? Well...see these were all never on our prayer request lists......yet we somehow seemed to mentally communicate. And Gavin............he's really been experiencing so much. That little dude can take in a hefty bit of stuff in a few days. I mean....if his seeing the Spiritual Realm gift is true......wow he's got lots of courage to use it. So yeah today I've been stunned, confused, amazed, and just recognizing God's power all at once. So much has happened.....I think that tomorrow morning *Sunday* is one Sunday that I truly need to clear up my mind. I mean today in fellowship I wrote so much.....my booklet I got from TC looks like a collage of graphite. We talked alot also just about how TC seemed to connect us back to our HYPE lessons too (Spiritual Gifts one mainly) and how it's affected us. This is actually pretty cool how these last few days seem to go so well......it's like the total opposite of my windmills=P. Oh yeah also....Josh talked about his little talk w/ Lily about religion. Well apparently that has now spurred Josh into tryin' to look into Buddhism and see what makes them tick. I just hope that Josh knows where he's goin.....same w/ Gavin and his Spiritual Gift.  From all this thoughI'm really startin' to have a new look on pre-destination. I don't know why....but all this seems to have been set up perfectly. It's like putting a sports play into action and working 100% smoothly. I mean Workshop change, the message Pastor Kirk gave, Josh's prayers.....too good to be random. So yeah...these few days.....I really have had lots of reflecting time. And I'm thankful I had the  time....just so much to think about.  Well after the long discussion......got some forms n' stuff for gym nite....and then went into groups for prayer. Me, Gavin and Carmen got put together into one group. I actually liked it though. I mean the talk we had.....about Spiritually preparing for battle and how to be careful of using our gifts....really cool stuff. But yeah just hope they are careful with it and use it with the right aim. So yeah this was when I prayed.....the most fluent prayer......I had ever heard myself speak. So yeah....this was a great note to end on from the whole week.  So yeah.....I gotta be headin' to bed. Lol me and Karen have been postin' pics up on Martha MSN Group (http://groups.msn.com/m-a-r-t-h-a) so yeah I've been kept busy for a while hehe. Well I'm out for the night. But just thinkin' back on all the stuff that's happened......I mean TC 2004, the talk at fellowship, and the somewhat ongoing debate in my mind about d/l music. Still though I think I'll still be d/l music....but honestly not as frequent. Also I may start to be buyin' some WOW Worship CD's. But yeah....this week has just been awesome. I'll be bloggin' more tomorrow....since I'm gonna be a bit of a hermit doing all my h/w hehehehe. So yeah I'm out kids. Later.
     

    



       
       3/19/04   Downtown Toronto=Fun =P (though we got lost for 2 hours =P)   So last day in Toronto.....yeah it was pretty cool. Sadly it's the last day of March Break though.....and also the last day of me spending time in T-dot. Ugh Monday......back to stinkin' school. This March Break has just been too much fun. I got reminded of school again when David was  complaining about the 2 pages of math homework he has for this March Break. Sadly I have homework too. Ms. Manson gave us a flippin' history PROJECT basically on Hitler's propaganda in Germany, plus a science lab and my Bio project still. Argh Sunday I'm gonna be cooped up inside doing 3 projects blast. Oh well least I had my fun this March Break. TC 2004, Chillin' around in London, and of  course runnin' around Downtown Toronto like typical tourists lol. So yeah this March break was pretty awesome. I liked it a lot at least....don't know about the others about walking in circles in T-dot=P.  Well our plan to wake up at 10 kinda got scrapped when no one cared about the alarm clock and headed straight for bed for another hour. So yeah nothing from there till then =P.  *One Hour Later*  11AM!? Uh oh....we were supposed to be gone by now but we have just woke up lol. So yeah we kinda started getting ready slowly. Played some G-Cube, Talked on MSN, and tried getting some TC kids if we found any to come to Toronto too. Unfortunately everyone was already doing stuff......or too lazy so in the end it was the original people: Me, Dave, Josh, Gavin and Jason.  Now we WERE supposed to leave at ASAP....but the ASAP turned into a LONG TIME after it took us about 30 mins to get bus tickets. In the end I ended up getting a ride from Dave's mom to Dominion to buy them......and then went back to the house and we headed out for the bus stop. Wow......our morning started off bad. After getting the tickets......we still screw up when David forgets where the shorcut to the bus stop is lol. So we ended up walking an extra.....hmm 30 minutes or so and then FINALLY got to the bus stop after taking a few unecessary turns. Amazingly no one complained. Me and Dave were still pondering on where the shortcut was.....and Gavin and Josh I think were talking about their TC experience. So yeah it was pretty well....quiet walk lol. Well afterwards.....after about 40 minutes we FINALLY managed to get to the bus stop....then waited for another 20 minutes for the bus. WHOO! SUCCESSFUL! WE HAVE MADE IT THROUGH STEP ONE!  Now.....off the bus and off to the subway. THIS is the complicated part. Up until now I don't know if we were supposed to pay, get a transfer, or not bother to do anything and just hop on the subway. So I did choice 3. Nothing happened so I guess that it was ok lol. I think we were supposed to get a transfer but I didn't really care since bus driver was a smurf. I was kinda peeved but we still got to our aim location: The Eaton Centre. But.....we didn't get there at the aim time....we were 30 minutes late lol. Oh yeah but while on the Subway....Today was the day Gavin actually discovered London has no subway, though he's been livin' in the hicktown for over 10 years:  Gavin: This is my first time on a subway...pretty cool Joe: Heh yeah HK's subway way cooler though. I've been using subway a lot in HK, Montreal and stuff. Gavin:Is there one in London? *Josh and Joe just look stunned* Josh:*ehem* Yes Gavin London has a subway system using every Mac's variety store as a subway stop. Gavin: REALLY!? How come I never knew about it?! *Joe and JOsh just look at each other amazed at Gavin's stupidity* Josh: Yes Gavin....all you do when you go to Mac's is ask the store manager for a key to the back, and then you open a door, go down a few flights of stairs, and there you are London's premier Subway System. Gavin: Uhh.....*kinda doubtful look* are you sure. *Joe and Josh just shake their heads with a 'Gavin your an idiot' expression* Gavin: Aww nuts....*slaps himself*  yes.......probably biggest blonde moment on this vacation lol. Amazed it happened in the aftermath of TC. Also sadly Josh was the one that explained it and he's been livin' the least amount of time in London and knows more than Gavin lol.  So when we got there....first thing we had to do was find Jason. So no sign of him at subway where we were gonna meet, so we went to EB since we thought he'd be there. After realizing this is the most pathetic idea, we decided to call his cell. And yes he was pissed off lol. Threatened to cut off his leg and hit us with it. "Ok go for it Jason...." He kinda just thought about it then lol. Maybe it wasn't such a good idea huh Jason =P. Well after that we headed down to the food court for some lunch.  Jap or A&W? Hmm....Root beer owns Jap so A&W it is =P. So we ate lunch......very "nutritious" meal of a teen burger combo =P.  So after the eating.....we kinda just roamed around the mall for a bit. I really wish I lived in Toronto. Eaton Centre is actually such a crazy mall. First off there were breakers today sineit was like Busker week or something where random people could just volunteer to take some time and show off something *music, dance, anything) and just to bring a crowd. The breakers were decent. One had a roll-back Hollowback and another one had a spinning airchair. Then there was this horrible group of chicks doing a crappy Choreoed Dance. *Shudder* wow did it suck. Looked at it for 'bout 10 secs then left lol. Places we went to today....mostly places like Athlete's World and Foot Locker and stuff. Oh yeah had to buy a new bag since my Time Magazine one broke lol. So yeah now I have a new duffel bag =P. And also Head Quarters....AMAZIN place for hats lol. Bought two new hats, and also......my now treasured......NOWITZKI JERSEY! Not a authentic but meh still alrite =P. One of the 70 dollar Reebok ones. For some reason though Sport Chek was selling NY Rangers Jerseys for more $$$ than Jerseys w/ player names. Maybe because Rangers is Authentic Jersey. Oh wait wouldn't that be worth 10 bucks then =P.  So after spending time at the Eaton centre.....well we decided to walk around downtown Toronto. Now unfortunately we didn't make use of our TTC day pass much, and ended up circling around downtown Toronto not knowing where we were headed lol. I find downtown Athlete's World near very end which kinda sucked *blast.* Grrr...Yes and I manage to get all the blame for going nowhere in one and a half hours. Whoo. How nice of them=P. But meh stuff like that always happens. I don't mind walking around downtown for over 3 hours but they're legs were hurting....and Gavin was sorta feelin' sick he said. So yeah we ended up kinda just milling around random places...somehow ended up at Union Station and decided to leave for home (it's about 7pm already now). Jason left for his Raptors game around 6pm and we WERE gonna go to Mopicks, but since Gavin' wasn't feelin' well we all agreed to go home....or at least some place closer  to home to eat. Oh yeah on a side note.....bumped into Paul Nielsen today. Weird.....never expected to see anyone from London. Crazy how I saw him in a city of 5,000,000+ people. Said our heys then kinda left, since I think he was catching a train and I was trying to run back to Gavin Josh and Dave.  Now back on the subway. Subed up to Fairview and had dinner there. Mmmm.....Taco Bell. I know it can be gross at times but it is still a decent place to go to. The whole day today though.....has been filled with TC talk. None of us can even try to get the thoughts of the great times we've had this year. I mean the spiritual growth we all had, meetin' new friends, and just catchin' up with old friends from previous TC's......yeah unforgettable times. Just wait'll TC 2005.....I'LL BE A CAPTAIN *hopefully* MUAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!  I won't say much about trip home....other than the fact I finally figured out how the Toronto Transit system WORKS. SHWEET! Next year I won't look as big of a tourist, even though I already did look like one for a while @ TC when I was carrying around some of my group's bags and carrying like 3 cameras at times lol. So yeah just wait till the summer boys n' girls.....I won't look as Touristy as before =P.  Well for now.....this was basically my day. Slept, Chilled in Downtown, and then headed home. These last three days have really been a blessing. For Wednesday and Thursday.....God once again has forgiven me.....and now I'm a re-dedicated follower of Christ. Somethin' I really needed to do. Thanks a lot God....MAAAD Props. And Friday.....just a day of relaxin' and seein' what Toronto really has to show about itself. Yeah Toronto was pretty cool once again. Summer I hope the times will be just as chillin' when we get a Martha reunion set up. YEAH THAT'S RIGHT MARTHA.....REUNION IN SUMMER K =).  So yeah I'm probably gonna spend my few final hours in Toronto now packing, just chattin' wit people from TC on MSN, and of course play a bit of G-Cube and just talk with Josh and em. So until tomorrow's blog.....where I'll be in Home *not so sweet but still alright* home....the L-Dot. Londontown. L-Unit. Little England....Poser Toronto....you get the point we are probably the unknown big city in Canada lol. But yeah today was fairly interesting.....chilled....and we totally lost our sense of direction....to the point so bad East was officially unofficially West. Like I said we really needed to take in our direction senses in for a tune-up.  Anyways yeah I'm out for the night. For now I'm gonna just chill w/ my final hours here.....and then sleep and get ready for the big trip home tomorrow=P. So yeah once again....Shout Out to all TCers and.....yeah guess that's it hehehe. Keep on growin' in Christ kids.  Lates=P.
     

    



       
       3/18/04   TC 2004: Re-dedication in my life...I am reallly thankful for making it to Day 2    This year.....I MADE IT TO DAY 2! No projectile Vomiting (YES!) and I think this was all totally set up by the Lord this year. I mean, I've never had such a feeling of Christ being in me to make me re-dedicate my life. I mean sure I've been going to church, and praying and doing devos (somewhat poorly but I'll catch up), today really marks a pretty special day in my life compared to last TC or even yesterday at TC.  Today was a bit more reaxing for me. I mean, no waking up at 730, and today I got to wake up at 8 ^_^. Basically Gavin dragged me out of bed today, so yeah I trudged upstairs, had a breakfast of pizza again, and then did daily morning routine and headed out the door for TC day 2.....a day that will be in my mind for a LOONG time.  Day started off with worship today, where my group unfortunately had to sit in the back *grrr.* Oh well we are still all worshipping the same God, just that I like sitting near the front better. So yeah worship today was like yesterday, a big greate blast of warm air into the sanctuary as 700+ Christian youths are worshipping the Lord. It was great and all....but honestly sometimes it seems like a show more than worship when people start turning into a mosh pit at times. But overall I mean the atmosphere is VERY welcoming and I can see why non-Christians would be so convinced to turn to Christ after going to TC. Honestly I think that the praise time at TC really gives you a Spiritual shot of Caffeine as both days I have been attentive in the sermons....which I find interesting...being I woke up ounly like 1 hour ago =P.  Sermon today was about the gospel of John. Actually mostly the 1st chapter. Verses 1-34 if I'm not wrong. But yeah it was speaking of the Word of God with the famous line "In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God." Verse 1 of John by the way. So yeah he spoke about that, and about the life of John the Baptist....well when he was baptizing people in the Jordan and baptized Jesus and how he came to fortell the coming of Jesus. I was actually keeping track in my Bible and everything....very exciting ^_^. Though I knew the story fairly well, but re-reading it always brings something new up, which I'll talk about more in the evening when something just shot a HYPE memory back in my head. The main thing though about the morning sermon....was that I re-dedicated my life to Christ. Pastor Bartha had this analogy of sin as a dead, roadkilled raccoon. You take it then wear it under your shirt. No one can see it, but they can sense it (smell, and just by attitude in reality) and also you feel pain ("the raccoon is now rotting and eating at your skin" quoted from Pastor Bartha) of the sin. So after he said that, I just thought of all the sins that I kind of just quickly asked for forgiveness, then shoved it into the back of my mind. So after this sermon.....I really felt that Christ brought me to TC here for a true reason. In fact after the sermon and Pastor Bartha called for the people who wanted to either re-dedicate or dedicate their lives for the first time for Christ to go up to the front (altar calls), I went up. Really was a great feeling. I just felt so Spiritually cleansed right at that moment, with all those sins I had been shoving in the back of my mind just washed away. Afterwards they also took us up to the chapel for a small talk, where I met Daniel Trinh.  At first I thought I was in the wrong place. But afterwards, with some talking, I finally really realized....this was the perfect place I had needed for more than 3 years. Just the fact that the counselor I had (Daniel) was pretty open, and he was in the same situation as me. He said he re-dedicated over 3 times in his life already, and that it is hard to keep up a good Christian life. So yeah I really felt that God's presence was in there this morning, as I just felt so Spritually cleansed after the talk and  the sermon. So yeah....Daniel Trinh if you ever get to read this Props man...and thanks. My life's back on track now.  So after that.....hmmm I lost my bag. Uh oh lol. Lucky I was re-united w/ it afterwards since Matt actually took it since he thought I forgot it. But yeah s'all good....I found my bag afterwards ^_^.  So yeah after losing my bag, I went to workshop somewhat unprepared now since I lost all my stuff lol. Yeah I had to grab a new booklet and everything, and I was a bit late too (oops=P.) Workshop we learned about prayer today. A well-known subject that has so much related to it that re-learning it over 100 times still hasn't hurt. In fact it's helped me a lot, since I finally got some pointers on how to make my prayer life better/Devo life. For example, I'm gonna try to do Devos at a better time now and actually spend more than 5-10 minutes, and also for Prayer I'm going to begin to learn how to pray for more than just people I know and me. Also starting today I've learned that I must listen a LOT MORE for God. So yeah I think the two booklets from my workshop (Give me Oil in my Lamp) are gonna be used throughout this year a hefty bit....at least until I make it a routine to do the goals I wanna do =P.  After workshop it was LUNCH!......wait No it wasn't. I thought it was but then Jason told me it was interaction time.........so starvation for another hour lol. But interaction was cool. Sumair answered some of the questions asked last day about Christianity and about God. He got people to chip in opinions about each one....and yeah I chipped in one or two since I normally am a debate/talking person hehe. But yeah interactions was pretty cool. But reminder that only 2 left=(.  Lunch was A LOT COOLER today. PEOPLE ACTUALLY KNEW EACH OTHER SO THERE WAS TALKING! NO WAY! Yes way lol. Even though we still had sandwiches which I'm not a fan of, it was just cool to be able to talk to more people since everyone was so much more open. Also I got a funny pic of lunch time, and also of the dreaded lunch lol. It was pretty cool time actually. I also talked to Gavin, J,Dave, Gerts and Jenn too. Oh yeah and also got to start talkin' to Gerty's friend Joy, who was in my workshop. REAL cool girl. Shouts =P. And yeah lunch was pretty much that, just our group gettin tighter w/ each other and also meetin' some new people outside of my group =P. But even w/ that....GO TEAM MARTHA AAAH!  FAMED REC ORIENTATION AGAIN! Except this time NO SEE-FU! HOW?! WHY!? So yeah when his "replacement" came BOOOOOOO! lol all jokes though. Lol oh yeah and of course the "translator" er assistant today, was imitating Golem lol. They had a cheap version of TC rec leader tryouts, it was pretty funny though. I personally liked yesterday's but today's was still good. Not much else just pure laughs hahaha.  Seniors got Rec time first, so the gr 10's got to do interaction. We did Bible study, and we were still revolving around the community lesson from yesterday at first. We had to get a skittle from one end of a line to another *two diff teams* with the spoons in our mouths and first team to make it to the other end wins. We lost =( but s'all good we still got Candy! Ada and Matt *our amazin' TC el Capitaines* fought over a gummie frog. Feel bad for Ada though Matt kinda just yanked it out of the bag lol....well sorta ripped it with the bag....hard to explain but the people that saw it........yeah it was funny lol. Also the study we did followed up on the Gospel of John sermon from this morning, and also listened to Sumair do the final follow up conclusion. Basically he told us of how to be completely honest w/ God....and gave us this acronym to remember it:  Honesty Open Direct  They all sorta mean the same, which is sorta like the Trinity of Christ. Jesus, God and the Spirit are KINDA the same, but are three different factions. But yeah this year's TC interaction Bible Study was GREAT. So Ada, Matt, Sumair....if you readin this....GREAT STUDY =). Though it seemed somewhat like you guys were winging it sometimes...GREAT improvising lol.  After the study came REC! We played electric fence (had to get someone across these two ropes in between the ropes) and also this thing where we had to all of us make a certain "machine" out of all the kids in our group. We made a lawn mower and washer and dryer lol. OOOOH yeah and then came the thing were we could only have this amount of certain parts of the body touching the ground (i.e. 20 hands, 10 feet and 2 elbows). That was like a diff version of twister. Fun though =P. Oh yeah then the dreaded "Step as many people on 16 or so blocks as possible and whoever gets the most wins." I thought piggy backing would be easy, so Karen hopped on....except yeah I was getting tired after 20 minutes lol. But yeah the game was kinda amusing, but tiring. And afterwards, when doing our cheer....my Time magazine bag broke. NOOOOOOOO MY BELOVED TIME MAGAZINE BAG! Hopefully I get another one =P or a better quality bag lol. But yeah lost that, but lucky I had my combo lock with me. So I made a makeshit clip with it lol. My bag hung lower than my knees now though but  doesn't matter....it still worked...sorta lol. We actually did pretty well, and we were against....SILAS lol. Kinda embarassed myself when I tried to clap w/ Karen's feet lol. Gavin Dave and Jenn just gave a pathetic "Joe you suck" sorta nod and I sat there going.....aww crap lol. So yeah SORRY KAREN lol.  Then after REC came TC Media. This time I managed to stay awake through most of it. SHWEET! I mean the presentations are REALLY good, just that even @ school I always fall asleep after lunch. Also Rec kinda got me tired out =P. But yeah today the main theme I got out of it was the "Multiple Personalities" part. It was sorta Malcolm in the Middle style, with the person talking to us, and then to the play, then to us again. It was pretty cool, and moving. Like the one about how one girl's dad passed away, and how everyone seemed to overtreat her now, more than before just because of that. Also the one where two people kind of met through the same situation *they were both doubtful of their friends* and then became fast friends at a bus stop. The story is more complicated but I'm sorta zooming by because it's over 1am and also I still gotta cover another half of the day lol....the most exciting half of the whole TC. So after the media, we went to our FINAL interaction of the day *sigh.* These are the times when I wish TC lasted the whole week. I would get to know people so much better. Then again TC is about knowing God more....and the friendships I can make on the side =P.  Interaction 3.....basically just chillin'. REAL chillin. Me and Arthur started sessionin outside (breakdancing) and yeah he's not that bad for breakin' less than a year. I kinda hit crickets....and I need to work on my nike's now lol. Other than that we also passed around our booklets (for me paper pad since I forgot booklet=P) and just gave our emails, contact ways, and also words of inspiration. I kinda forgot my booklet though and just asked for emails lol. Yeah by the end....I really got to know the captains pretty well. Matt and Ada made an awesome "crew" lol and also just the people in the group were pretty cool kids. Diana and Karen basically made my loud image look like a muffled bullhorn, and those two combined were....Loud. VERY loud. Arthur is another B-boy, Gloria Vikki and Jenny were hilarious, and Clarence...though he was weird he reminded me of....me:  Clarence: *Takes out a wooden pole* MACHINE GUN *bak bak bak* Joe: *look at him with a stunned look* Someone's more retarted than me?! Clarence: Guess so.  Yeah when you take out a wood pole from the team banner and use it as a machine gun...you know you have problems lol. Oh yeah and Louis (one of Dave's friends in my group) was hilarious lol. "UGLY!" "UGLY!" and then we started smacking each other  and then punching lol. Yeah my groups is pretty crazy group. Then for group pics. Mine is a bit unique....GOT IT FOB STYLE lol. Just before the REC leader was 'bout to use my cam, I just yelled "EVERYONE FOB STYLE" and everyone put out the peace sign lol. AMAZING group of kids hahahahaha. Props to all who read this and are part of TEAM MAAAFFAAAAA! lol. Lets see what else happened.....someone hid Arthur's shoes, stole some of Lazarus' food *whoops lol* and Diana is apparently an AMAZIN pianist. How come all Asians play the piano I sometimes wonder. Must be a cultural thing now....  Dinner time.....Well no cardboard pizza from rumours....BUT CHINESE TV DINNERS! Wow never knew they existed but yes they do. Dinner wasn't that great....food was bad but MOST CHATTING IN WHOLE TIME. Day two wasn't filled with too many of my trigger happy camera pics...but got a few funny ones. Yeah confirmed with Jason we chillin' tomorrow @ Eaton Center, and also just last minute contacts/chats with Martha dudes/dudettes and of course people from other groups like usual =P. Met some people from Silas, and also became pretty fast friends with Joy. Good times good times hahaha. Wow I feel tall though...not that I'm bragging =P. But honestly some Asian chicks lose like 5 inches when not wearing shoes lol *not that I'm including you Gerty or Joy =P.* *Sigh* yeah but these times are cherishable moments. Even last year.....dinner was unforgettable...for day 1 lol. Talked a lot more to everyone, and everyone was just so open....and loud lol. I kinda threw out half my TV dinner, and chatted more instead and of course PHOTOS!=P. But yeah after the more socially scrumptous meal...Final Worship/Praise=). This was both a happy time (amazing praise and worship) but also saddening at times as this was actually like THE final time I'll be seein' most of these kids until next year. WAAAH! lol. Up until now at home already I miss TC 2004 already lol.  So yeah before worship...REC presentation for Top Teams. Unfortunately Martha didn't make it =( but Congrats to Noah, Lazarus and Ezra for winning overall team awards. And of course Abel for winning the Spirit Awaard (Good Job Brian your team won an award! Represent LCAC lol). Just wait'll next year....Me and Gavin will own the team competition =P.  Final worship....honestly I didn't sing as much as I prayed. I mean actually final worship was MORE exciting than the first worship, but I honestly just felt it was the time to pray for everyone to leave TC with a grateful heart, and an evangelistic one. I mean Spiritual Highs are always an issue, and I mostly prayed about that, plus for myself also to be able to listen more to God instead of always asking and me always doing the talking. I also took a few pics of final worship, and a video or two hehe. But yeah truly unforgettable moment. And just the environment around me....just wow. I really felt the warmth of God surrounding me at the time also, as when I was praying, I just felt like an inner warmth beginning to take over. The Sermon focused on Acts Chapter 1 when Jesus left the world and gave us the Holy Spirit, and spoke of how the disciples went on to preach the word, as Acts is about the acts about the apostles. In the end Pastor Bartha was just basically summarizing the last two days, and also spoke of how he and his friends blew up a car when they were younger lol. But yeah the main message in the end of this to me...I don't know if it was but just to me....cuz it really hit me was Acts 2:4:  "All of them were filled with the Holy Spirit and began to speak in other tongues as the Spirit enabled them. "  It hit me just because I remember the Spiritual Gifts workshop that HYPE did with us, and how learning other tongues was a gift and how sometimes people can just automatically preach in another language at any given time. Oh yeah which takes me to the original TRUE message *I think:* For the final message Pastor Bartha spoke much about sharing Christ w/out fear, and this is going to be something that will affect my life for sure. I just feel so much more open and ready to spread Christ's Word and also just seeing people like Jenn, Sumair and many others suffer so much more for Christ than me....really sets the max bar MUCH higher for me. For song of response.....well actually songS of response I prayed for most of it. Prayed about so much.....there's too much to name. One main one was about a dream I had a while back which I mentioned in one blog....the one about my church thriving just from people evangelizing and had nothing to do w/ church image? Yeah prayed about that plus the other dream which I have never mentioned and still won't. A little on the personal note and it was about someone and I dunno if they'd want me to mention it. But yeah I don't know why but all of a sudden I felt as though Satan had a part in that dream, as it was somewhat anti-Christian. But I prayed about it, and prayed for the Lord to please drive out any demons or old sins stuck in my head to be cleansed out, as most of my day has been revolving around that since I re-dedicated this morning. But yeah for the very end....I mostly meditated and prayed. I really just felt so open for it though. Great time....this is gonna be goin' down in my life history for a while.....since today really marked somethin in my Christian Walk w/ re-dedication. Once again Props Daniel...and Props God Jesus and Holy Spirit for allowing Dan to redirect me. Props for sure for that.  *Sigh* and the most moving part now. After all the thanking and final cheers....it was time to go. Said final good-bye's to everyone, and took a few final pics. Wow....such an emotional time. I can now see what I missed last year hehehe for day two. So yeah said final good-byes, chatted a few final chats w/ some kids, and then headed out the door with Dave, Gavin, Josh and  of course myself =P. But yeah....me and Gavin....LOOK OUT TC! WE BE BRINGIN' DOWN DA HOOSE NEXT YEAR hahaha=P.  So yeah now I'm home.....recalling TC moments....planning my Sunday where it's gonna be pure postin' pics and h/w. So like my Huntsville blog *this is probably gonna be goin in w/ my look back blog also* I have a few final things to say....  "When the dishes are done, All is washed away, and I simply Clean, Longing just to Broom, Something in your Room, That will bless your Home....  MARTHA  (Insert Evanescense theme here =P from Wake me Up)  What else to say....OH YEAH..... AAA MAAAFAAA! FOB PIC EVERYONE! And of course....GOD IS GOOD ALL THE TIME! AND ALL THE TIME.....GOD IS GOOD!  TC 2005.....wonder how that'll turn out =P. Lates to all. Props to all TCers....and mega props to Martha Cap's and Counselor and kids=P. LATES! KEEP IN TOUCH!  Lates.
     

    



       
       3/17/04   Drive to Toronto: 3.5 Hours. Sleep before TC: 5 Hours. TC 2004's First Day: Timeless   After a year, I sorta forgot how exciting TC really is. I mean at the beginning of the day I was somewhat tired, and the day did start off slow. But after interactions with our teams, and some rec games and then final worship.....wow. Yeah memories of TC 2003 are now being slowly washed away by new 2004 memories. Of course there are always the memories that re-occur every year. The meeting of new friends, TC Rec games and of course........"NO MACKING" lol. This blog might be a bit long, so grab whatever you need to read this. Chips, apples, peaches, pizza, I'll give you 30 seconds to order Chinese Food.  *30 seconds later*  Times up here it goes =P.  Well my morning started around 7:20am. Yeah I was REALLY tired when I woke up, mainly from Gavin and Josh waking up before me. The noise of footsteps....argh. So yeah I dragged myself outta bed and then headed upstairs for breakfast. Whoo. Leftover Pizza....hehe. So after a scrumptous meal of leftover pizza, some Orange Juice, and my regular morning routine, I got dressed, packed my bag for the day....then headed out the door. First thing I do.....I break out my D-Cam and start taking random pics and vids. Lol the car ride there was sorta amusing hehe. Decided not to blind anyone with the flash from camera today hehe. 15 minutes of riding in a car....yes all that can happen. No stupid stuff though most of us were pretty tired still from the morning wakey-upey.  Yeah so we got there around 8:45 or so.....didn't see Gerty or Jenn like we planned *lol crappy planning there* but I did manage to find Jason and Brian Wong. Gavin Dave and Josh were still with me. So we got our stuff, and apparently my name tag had almost been taken by someone else by accident. So we chatted for a bit before heading into sanctuary. As we were walking in.....FINALLY SEE SOME FACES I RECOGNIZE. Good old Gabe lol. First reaction when I saw him "GABE!" "YOOOOO!" from the both of us lol. Then I bumped into Jenn! Ok so I'm not at the wrong TC lol I finally see people that I remember from last year. Oh yeah then I saw lots of people from David's church NCAC. Louis, Desmond I think his name is and Jacqueline, Wendy's cousin. Oh yeah and right about now.....bummer I have an upset stomach lol. But I really believe God was with me for the day, as once I prayed for the pain to go away, during worship it left me. Amazing. So TC started off first with usual chatting w/ other people, and then TC RULES.  I know you must think I'm insane to think rules are amusing, but just the way they intro'd each rule was hilarious, with ways like:  -2 Fast 2 Furious ( don't be late) -The Matrix Pills (No drugs) -Freaky Friday attempt to jolt (No changing teams) -Tampon Commercial (for name tags lol hard to explain)  But yeah this year's I have to say was a lot funnier than last year's LOTR one. Sorry I'm not gonna explain how each one worked, but that alone would take a whole blog so yeah =P. After the exciting start with the Rules and the TC 2004 intro....came the high-energy praise & worship. Wow was it amazing. The drummer(ette) is CRAZY. And the guitarist is amazing too. Wow the team they put together this year was insane. The music seemed to hit a whole new level. With the energy surrounding us and just the great worship section they put together, wow that woke me up for the next two hours hehe. So after that high energy worship, we came to the message, which was spoken by Pastor Kirk Bartha of Waterloo Mennonite Brethren Church.  First message he was speaking about I unfortunately can't remember 100%, but the thing that probably hit me the most was the miracle that happened in BC for him. He went out to some rural town in BC, and preached to some First Nations people. Amazingly when he said he would pray for anyone, the first person that came up was this alcoholic student. So after some hard prayer, and determination from the student, he broke his drinking habit. In fact, his father was so amazed he became Christian also. Powerful story of evangelism and how miracles still happen these days. That really inspired me to evangelize more also, as it really seemed to show me how POWERFUL evangelism really can be, starting from one child and then spreading like wildfire to many others. He also talked a lot about himself, lots of funny stories from him heh. So after the message (which really whizzed by) we ended with a closing prayer and then.....WORKSHOPS! hehehe=P.  Yes....the workshop that I ended up in somehow was #19 which is a two day track. "Give me Oil in my Lamp" is the title, and basically the workshop was to help us put our Christian lives back on track, which I really needed. Heh funny though.....didn't think I'd know anyone until I started passing out books that I noticed someone:  Joe: *pokes person to give her booklet* Here's the Pile. Girl: Oh Thanks.....*stares weird look* JOE?! Joe: GERTY!? NO WAY!  So yeah that was basically how it happened lol. But yeah I didn't know it was her until after 20 minutes or so *slow huh lol.* The workshop I thought was really well done, and the speaker for our workshop who was also a pastor (Christine Lee) was pretty funny. She had lots of stories....like the one of how her husband joined a car club and to her they just "stand around" in parking lots Friday nights lol. I actually reallly find this workshop so far REALLY useful. So many things that I need to know once again, like how to do Devos more effectively. I think I'll be trying the Lectio Divina (Divine Reading) format or the "Three R's." But yeah apparently the speaker speaks even faster than me *it is possible* and we finished 20 minutes early. So I chatted around with Gerty for a bit, then met up with Gavin and David and picked up my TC 2004 shirt. So yeah by now I've taken probably 40 pics already, deleted a lot of crappy ones lol. And at lunch I'd take more pictures too ^_^.  Lunch was kinda weird. Last year we had interactions first so I knew some people by lunch. This time at lunch I didn't really know anyone, so yeah lunch for ALL OF US was pretty quiet lol. So I kinda shifted over to chat w/ Jenn for a bit, then Gavin and Dave. Couldn't find Jason or Gerty though. Lunch consisted of orange juice and a sandwich that resembles Arby's Sandwiches which I hate. Oh well ate it anyways, and then went to chat more until lunch table calls started hehehe. Yeah so groups did that for a bit and  then....OUR FIRST INTERACTION!  FINALLY TEAM MARTHA COMES TOGETHER. My group this year is SOO much different from last year. All grade 10's. Wow. And my two counselors this year are Matt and Ada. Funny people lol. One was stalked over MSn (Matt) and the other has slipped playing bowling (Ada). My counselor actually is really cool. Sumair was his name, and he was a Muslim before converted, which I find really cool. So for first interaction we played an icebreaker game...TWO TRUTHS AND ONE LIE, which I failed to be able to play lol. I said three truths instead of two lol. Then after doing that icebreaker game (we only got through half the group) we learned our team cheer. WHOO!. Actually ours is pretty funny. We start off in like a sappy remix of "Heart of Worship" and then all of a sudden after a 1 second pause we go straight into Evanescence's song that has that loud yelling dude and the lyrics go sometin like "WAKE ME UP WAKE ME UP INSIDE CAN'T WAKE UP SOMETHING SOMETHING SOMETHING" and you get the point Evanescence sucks =P. Our cheer would also emerge victorious in the end as we are right now one of the top 9 teams =P. Then afterwards.....it was time to show off our skillful cheer, and also make some NOISE!  REC PRESENTATION! Hahaha another presentation of the rules.....this time we had a dude that would translate what Master "Wong" said in either poor broken English or Chinese lol. It was pretty funny. "I learn my english from Star Wars Yoda." Lol. Anyways yeah so they did a presentation, some pretty funny skits, and then REC TIME!  Rec included games of "Shape it Up" where we have to make shapes and never break our connections w/ our hands, volleyball w/ blue sheets to launch the ball and also running around tied up with toilet paper in our groups. And of course much yelling=P. Oh yeah my voice is slowly going by the second. OH YEAH the Scavenger HUNT! AMAZING! Had to do stupid things like throw in 10 shoes tied together, 4 belts tied together, or the 4 seperate keys. Hmm what else happened....LOL OH YEAH THE 6 MAN PYRAMID LOL. That was hilarious since Gavin just reminded me. We won in that too hahahaa=P.  After kicking the crap out of all the opposing teams in Rec, it was time for interaction 2. We had a Bible study for Interactions 2, and did skits of Genesis lol. Basically the creation of the world. My group ultimately failed miserably and improvised with reciting the thing basically with other team members poorly acting it out lol. We also got some snacks then, and also.....talking of course =P. Finished up 2nd half of Ice-Breaker too. Karen I think her name is wrote hers out and had them all prepared for her turn. Wow....weird lol.  TC Media. Now unfortunately all I remember is the MSN skit where people were talking over MSN about a certain issue, which was pretty funny, but after that unfortunately I kinda fell asleep lol. So yeah I don't really remember 2nd half that well =P. The MSN skit was pretty funny, but meaningful at the same time. Showed us that going to church is to praise the Lord, not to MACK hehe. Funny how TC emphasizes "NO MACKING" so much lol. Became a tradition. Even Tommy remembers it hehe.  And Dinner FINALLY. This was when more talking started since people finally got to know one another, and we've gone through two interactions already. But with that, I still talked to old friends too. Yeah chatted with Gerty and Jenn for 'bout half the time and then Jason, Gavin and them. Apparently Gerty and Jason are in the same group, and Jenn, Gavin, and Dave are in the same group. BLAST I'M ALONE. *shrug* meet new people =P. If it weren't for that I would've probably never met Vikki, Arthur, Wilfred, or a host of other crazy people hehe. Dinner was good. Chow Fan.... Mmmmmm. Sho good. Arthur spilled some of mine though *shakes fist* but lucky we get 2nds =P,though I didn't need it since I'm trying to prevent myself from projectile vomiting lol. Don't ask =P.  Then time for final interactions. Now this was when we heard about Ada and Matt's most embarrasing moments, but the main highlight was basically Sumair's almost-as-long-as-a-testimonial speech about how he came to Christ. I really enjoyed it though, and was amazed of how much he had to pull through and still believe so faithfully in Christ. It really raises the bar for me in being a follower of Christ, as Sumair could suffer through so much and still be so devoted. Props dude if you're reading this mad props.  Now we are nearing the end of the day *awww.* First off.......We find out the top 9 teams through the "Kung Fu Endurance tests." Yeah basically it was hilarious *ask others that saw it TOTALLY indescribable just plain HILARIOUS* and we find out.....MARTHA'S IN THE TOP 9 TEAMS WHOOO! Same as Josh's Hosea. Sorry Gavin Brian and Jason you guys are CUT =P. Jokes hehe. But yeah after that....came the most exciting praise and worship I've EVER experienced, but since all the energy was spent on that...I sorta fell asleep at the message whoops =P.   Sorry can't say much more about that, but I really need to get to sleep ehehe. Tomorrow I gotta wake up early once again for Day 2, and I really want to go to it this year lol. Anyways yeah but all in all, amazing day, and look forward to my Thursday and Friday blogs. They'll be just as exciting with my milling around Toronto. But for now....Lates=P. 
     

    



       
       3/16/04   Trip To TO: VERY retarted (as in us lol)....FINALLY IN TORONTO WHOOOOO!   YES! After a three hour trip, and some very songs in the car (Gavin and Dave were singing Beer Bottles on the wall....they made it from 99 to -2) and struggling on the snow-covered 401.....I am now sitting on Dave's comp, hogging it to use to type in my blog. heeheehee shweeetness=P.  Well after the sleepover yesterday, which consisted of Stepmania, Gunbounding for Dave, and watching David get the crap scared out of him from Silent Hill 3 (a phone rang and it literally killed him lol). Also a few pillowfights, and just random talking, and me defending my TV from producing the horrific images of.........SHANGHAI NOON! (dun dun dun). So yeah the sleepover wasn't too bad, and it was pretty funny actually lol. I don't know  when the other two went to sleep yesterday night, but I slept at......thinkg 2am-ish? I dunno what the other two did. I just built myself a fort (very mature huh lol) and then went to sleep....  *This morning*  Morning didn't really start until 10:30am. I was the first to wake up out of all of us I think. Actually wait. I think Gavin woke up first because I awoke to him singing  urlLink  Milk and Cereal  . Yeah watch that you'll probably get a laugh or two out of it. And Holy Crap I'm lucky that that I posted as I just closed my window lol. But yeah I'm lucky I posted so it saved all of the stuff up until the Holy Crap. So yeah when we woke up, basically we ate lunch, cleaned up the family room from the wreck it was, and then I packed.....yes preparing for my 3 hour car ride out to Toronto in a REALLY big blizzard.  So yeah our car ride to Toronto. Me, Dave, Gavin and Josh. Yeah we go pretty insane after a while. The beginning of the car ride actually wasn't  too bad. Me and Josh just sat around listening to music, while Dave and Gavin were talkin' in the back. But after 5 mins David started listening to music also. *Shudder* Asian pop music hurts my ears.........usually. I dunno why, but I just don't like stuff like Sammi or Twins. But LMF isn't bad. So after about one hour of listening to music, well what else do people do going to Toronto? SLEEP. Duuuuuh.  *1 hour later*  Just passed Cambridge, and I'm still listening to music. I woke up to the sounds of Rapper's Delight the original one. NOT THE REDMAN VERSION, which really sucks. So yeah there was a traffic jam around Cambridge, and we sat around for a bit. This was when we started going insane. My thought about how teens go insane after 2 hours in the car proves correct once again. Here and Huntsville, both times after two hours or less we go insane. At Huntsville me and Hammond started having pillow wars, and here today......my attempt at drawing a smiley face turned into a almost satanic look lol, and Gavin and Dave started poking me to death after I punched Josh lol. Then after that I decided to listen to more music, in hopes of ignoring them lol. But then afterwards....after mass pokings, I notice the Ferrero Rocher chocolates didn't have the stickers...  Lo and Behold.....my back is now a gigantic Ferrero Rocher commercial. 18 stickers were stuck to my back, which led me to retaliate by failing to punch Gavin and Dave lol. Then....yes yet again another traffic Jam. By the way if you find most my blog revolving around my car ride.....IT'S BECAUSE MOST OF MY DAY HAS BEEN IN THE CAR. So with the traffic Jam, I started singing to the songs I was listening to, mostly trance and of course the Techno song by Strong Bad. Then Gavin and Dave, going even more mentally retarted, start to sing 99 bottles of beer on the wall. They managed to sing it for an hour, I know this as they started singing on the outskirts of Toronto and reached -2 bottles of beer on the wall (accompianment by me and Josh) by the time we reached Markham, where I'm staying. So after that, well we were all pretty dead tired. I was beginning to feel light-headed from all the singing, and also just the fact most of us were going retarted in the van also got us pretty light headed.  So yeah when we got into....er to Dave's house, I say to and not into as I couldn't fit in with 5 duffel bags. Rambo poser I realize=P. I even stood on the front doorsteps and did the (CCHK CCHK.....GUNG GUNG GUNG GUNG) and Josh with a look saying "Joe, you need to go to Ching San," AKA go to school in the small bus, or live in the Special Building where losers wear the "sane" stickers=P.  Anyways I'm out now....Dave's kicking me off the comp and I wanna go play GC. So until tomorrow where I may not blog (TC 2004!)......so I guess I'll say until either tomorrow or the day after tomorrow.....ZING! BUNUNUNUNUNUUNUUUUNUNDUNDUNUDNUNUNUUNUh! Lates. *Ponk*
     

    



       
       3/15/04   Life as it is......the usual March Break day   Well one thing that's different today........I finally decided to get off my lazy butt somewhat and actually do something =P. I guess I feel.....lazy still. March Break feelings you know. But yeah I really can't wait 'till tomorrow now. Only bout 15 more hours....seems so short now when I think about it. I still remember typing out my blog on Saturday when I was really excited about well......March Break lol. I don't really know what else to say today.....I mean I lazied out for most of the day, since Dave was over we sorta ended up playing PS2 all day from 12-4:30, since people came over then for the big dinner tonight. Not sure for what but meh Big dinner means food and people comin' over to tear apart my house =P.  Aftermath of sleeping @ 230am: I woke up about 11am =P. Making the most of what I can with March Break, and sleep is always one element that can't be removed. So yeah I woke up around 2pm, and then...well....had lunch (mm..........pizza). Yeah today I couldn't really do much since most of the day I had to help prepare for tonight, where everyone just left. It was pretty amusing though tonight, but I'll fill you in on that later =P.  After lunch, well helped around the house, and when I could played SC lol. Dave was in the other room playing his True Crime file, and yeah that was basically what took up most of the afternoon. Yes I realize my afternoon sucked but meh it can be amusing sometimes watching someone play True Crime and just blowing up everything in their path =P. Also I drummed around for a bit, I really am thinking I need a drum teacher. I need to learn some better techniques and just work on my sticking. My power in each hand is still pretty uneven.  Then came 4pm. Yes people started pouring into my house. Lots of little kids (Priscilla, Heather, and their little posse) and some other random kids that I barely know. Then in kids around my age Josh, Gavin, and Wenders came. I doubt Wendy reads this anyways so she can't kill me when she sees Wenders in place of Wendy =P. So yeah we all pretty much just hovered around PS2, played NFSU, NFS Hot Pursuit II and Virtua Fighter 4 mostly. But after we got bored of the fighting, drunk fighter, crashing, shooting, poor driving and NOS, we then turned to the one and only scary (and I mean DAMN scary) game of......SILENT HILL 3. Not much to say on that.......I am still friggin scared @ the part I'm in at the game right now, so I won't play it till later on tonight. Hmm........yeah so we ate, chatted, hung around......and then........yeah they left. Gavin n' Dave are still here though, leavin' for T-dot 2morrow w/ Josh also. Rite now......Gavin n' Dave are exploring the twisted world of Silent Hill 3 lol. So funny watching Dave play though......he makes any serious video game seem like a retarted comedy lol.  Yeah I know this blog kinda sucks, but I really don't have a thinking mind right now, nor was my day extremely exciting. Also I can't stop thinkin' about how TC went for the Juniors. Last year's was awesome. Just hope it was the same this year. Well yeah...that's all I really have to say for the night. I'm out I guess.......this is my last entry before TC....so yeah Tuesday-Friday I may sum up in one big blog on Saturday. I'll decide......but hang tight people......I may be bloggin day by day still =P. Lates. Oh yeah on another note.......  I CAN LINK EXTREMELY UGLY WINDMILLS! WHOOOOOOOOO!
     

    



       
       3/14/04   2nd Annual HYPE Exec Meeting: Productive (Kinda at least=P)   First Sunday of March Break, and also the countdown still continues to TC 2004. Yeah I'm pretty hyped about it right now still, and just seeing how quickly time is flying by, wow. But yeah so far my March Break has been.........lazy. VERY lazy. So far it's consisted of sleeping, sleeping, and dreaming lol. I dunno why but I've always been fascinated with dreams. Who knows maybe my mom naming me in the hopes I'll be like the Joseph from the Bible has an effect to it =P. By the way I mean the Joseph and the Technicolour Dreamcoat Joseph not the one that was with Mary. By the way if you don't know why I'm saying the 1st Joseph it's because he could fortell dreams, and the actual story does have a bit more sadness in it. But anyways, enough about that for now I guess....I'm not about to let go my whole life history =P. So yeah...to begin my March Break Sunday...  Today I had one of the strangest dreams I've ever had in my life. I mean, I don't even know if I should put it on my blog. I mean it was REALLY weird. I mean it wasn't really about me......it was about one of my friends. I don't know if I'll even share it with her. Oh well.....in time it may come out though but right at the moment I think I need more reflection about it than speaking out. Thing is though it's about.....well suffering for Christ I suppose. That's as far as I'll go for now......details may come later on in this blog when I feel I've done enough reflection. But yeah lately I've been having REALLY strange dreams. Unfortunately some exciting one's I can't remember *blasted short term memory grrrr.*  Well after that, since my dad was in the bathroom, I decided to go on MSN. and lo and behold Gerty was on. She told me she knew of the plan of meeting up @ TC by recognizing me wearing........A BRIGHT GREEN SHIRT?! I said GREEN not BRIGHT GREEN JENN! Lol so yeah after going through that confusion....well yeah now it's final......YOU'LL SEE A DUDE WEARING A HAT, GREEN ADIDAS SHIRT.....AND HAVE A TIME MAGAZINE  BAG lol.  So after pondering about that in bed for a bit, I did my morning routine and then headed out for church. No lift for Jason today......since he's in Toronto. What a smurf. Same for Mike and Dan=P. Jokes all jokes dudes. So today I got to church relatively in a more relaxed way, since I didn't have to worry about taking anyone to church with me. Got there, chatted w/ the people for a bit, then me and Wendy did ushering for today.  Today....sermon theme was......ooooh boy I really have a crummy memory lol. But I do remember the memory verse was Hebrews 9:14, which reads:   "How much more, then, will the blood of Christ, who through the eternal Spirit offered himself unblemished to God, cleanse our consciences from acts that lead to death, so that we may serve the living God!"  Now if I remember correctly, one thing that the guest speaker Don Hill did talk about today was the power and superiority of God. That was the main title, but I don't remember the EXACT words. But basically the message today was how Christ, who came to the earth to die for us, did what 10,000 animal sacrifices could never do......and that is give us new life. So yeah I really did like today's sermon. Lol the speaker made fun of Chris a bit. Heh seems like everyone loves to make fun of the guy. Poor dude lol. But yeah speaker was pretty cool today. He had a comedic sense. Usually comedy/ real life experiences really get my attention in sermons. Oh yeah and on a side note, for me preparing a prayer during song of respone for offering didn't work lol. I choked more than I normally did. Ehehehehe gotta work on public speaking more even though I like it=P.  So yeah after that we had a Sunday school class with none other......than our HYPE counselor ALI! Today we learned about how basically the whole english term "two heads are better than one" saying works. I mean in the Bible even it talks about it. We studied Ecclesiastes chapter 4 today. It was speaking of a man who had no one to turn to, and how he was fairly depressed. Then it spoke of many analogies about how we should stick together to make life easier for one another. Also we spoke about how Christians are encouraged to marry other Christians, as people with more things in common probably get along better right =P. So the idea of people that have common likes/dislikes living together is like a team of oxen. If you have one big and one small oxen, life is a bit more difficult to plow the field (the plowed part being life's achievements). However if you have two even built oxen, the job is done faster, quicker, and the things you accomplish in life may look better (better quality plowed field). So yeah I really liked today's lesson also. A great day at church if you ask me hehe. Oh yeah Victor came back from the land Down Under again *AUSTRALIA for those shmucks out  there* and yeah chatted w/ him for a bit. Apparently he did break his arm in the accident but he looks healthy.  Then today was Communion, so we went upstairs. Well, me Ken Josh and Gavin stayed back to put out tables and chairs for the special lunch we have every Communion Sunday. Today was also the 2nd monthly HYPE exec meeting. The meeting went by fairly quickly, and I liked how the counselors really listened to me and Josh. It was pretty interesting meeting, and I felt we had accomplished lots of tasks to be completed in that meeting. I really am happy for the changes that have happened to my church. Our church's English/Youth ministry has never been better I think. Today's meeting also marks how close we are to summer holidays (for UWO students) and how some of them are leaving =(. But then again, this does happen, and we can only pray for the best for these people. *Sigh* but it seems so weird......in a matter of a year or two Josh Lo can be a counselor. So weird lol. But yeah we had a pretty good meeting, went over many issues/hopes for the future of HYPE. One main thing is getting our room painted. It's still sorta halfway done only lol. After this meeting *which was GOOD.....yes GOOD* it was time to go home.  Well.............first nap in car *ZZzzZZZzzZZzzzz* and then got home.  And to my surprise........DAVID'S HERE? Weird thought the kid wasn't comin but yeah came home and he was hoggin' my comp w/ Subspace. Wow...............weird lol. He seemed so bored too lol. But oh well yeah s'all good. So yeah he was playin comp, and I decided I'd nap. Yeah today and yesterday have compiled of nap, nap, and more nap. What a immense combo. MMADDDDD.   *WUMP* Nap time =).  And then after a shweet nap, went to Dave's grandma's house for dinner. REALLY boring. I was dying there. lucky I made a deal with parents to be back by 8 or they are paying me $$$ lol.  SO yeah now I'm at home bloggin', typical blog endin' for me. Yeah I can't believe it's only 10:30pm right now. Feels like it's friggin' 1am. I guess it's just because my day's passed by so quick, and I've done so much tonight already (blogged, slept, MSN, PS2, Dave's over and typing up Bio notes for Underhill for project). Anyways yeah I guess I'm goin on SC for a bit, then headin for the the hay and more Dreams. Hehe lates. 
     

    



       
       3/13/04   First day of  FREEDOM !   Before I say anything else, I'm happy to see people blogging again! I mean during the school weeks, it was sometimes a bore at night....which is almost perfect  timing to be surfing blogs. Unfortuntely, may people dun have time to blog during school =(. I totally understand though, sometimes I just don't feel like  blogging, but then again............it is pretty fun too sometimes. Also it helps me w/ my memory *got the idea from Buttefly Effect I guess, but it works* and also my english writing skills have actually gone up. I've also come to like public speaking now through this. Sharing online isn't much different from sharing in front of people now is it=P? So yeah it's cool to be reading so many updated blogs today. Gavin and Jason.....BLOG!  And for the rest of bloggie for today.....  YES! Finally...........Day 1 of March Break. And a relaxing day 1 it was. Wow I haven't had a Saturday like this in ages. I mean........I completely forgot what it's like to nap for a whole afternoon. Also........I have got back into Badminton. I'm actually really excited about badminton season now. But yeah for a first day of a break week.......it was pretty enjoyable. It wasn't like AMAZINGLY HAVING A BLAST sorta day but REALLY relaxing, something I need after last week w/ all the tests n' stuff.  This morning I woke up EARLY. 7:45am on a Saturday? Yeah I know I'm crazy......but Badminton was that early @ UCC today. So had a quick breakfast, and then headed out the door for badminton. Both of us *me and Thompson* were late though, and didn't go in until 8:30.  Badminton was actually pretty fun today. Beat thompson 11-8=P. Then again I ain't goin for singles just because I hate doing all the work. I'm the lazy type, so someone else can hit the bird when I don't feel like it ^_^. So we played some singles, lazied around, and then some doubles games with some UWO students. Apparently some of them were surprised when John told them we were 15.  SO yeah basically did that from 8-11, and then came home.  Oh yeah I made a long distance call vai cell phone to Jason, who was in Toronto *whoops=P*  Now like I said......today's a lazy day, so I napped whenever I could. With that said, I slept from 12-12:20. Wow a 20 minute slumber....amazing. So after that grueling nap I headed to my last piano lesson before the holidays came by. WHoo.   So now I"m playing piano.....pretend you hear my exquisite, superior piano playing skills. Just picture Beethoven......but Chinese=P. Oh yeah and of course I'm better......*I wish, to both of those claims.*  So yeah after piano.......TIME TO DEPOSIT MY LONG EARNED MONEY FROM STARVING @ LUNCH FOR 3 MONTHS PLUS VARIOUS OTHER OCCASIONS! Wow.......I never knew Isaved up almost 400 bucks over last 3-4 months. My wallet couldn't close. Yes....this was about the first time *wait maybe 2nd, the time I refunded PS2 I had LOTS of 20's* my wallet couldn't close properly. Wow......Now I know how rich people feel....only their wallets probably can't close at all. So I went to deposit my money.....and I saw my account jump from 281.99 to 651.99. Wow......all that money.....all stored electronically in some database on a comp. I feel really safe w/ my money. I mean having an inatimate object keep track of it......yeah isn't it trustworthy=P. So basically all those days of starving @ lunch have paid off. Actually it was starving every once in a while.....I actually spent a lot at lunch these few months, going to Jasper's n' stuff. But yeah......and then after that went home.  Now........this is the time where I sleep from 2pm-5pm. *zZZZzzZZzzZzzZZzz*  Now I wake up......headache,and sorta confused at what time it was. Apparently Dad left for the church for the event tonight, and mom's not going. Least I have a dinner ^_^. So I woke up, ate, and then headed to the comp to see who's on MSN. Not really many people, so I went on SC.  SC....played diplomacy mostly tonight. Got bored, then went on MSN.  Yeah and now I'm on MSN, blogging, Kazaa (d/ling some new songs) and probably gonna sleep soon. Yeah I know today......isn't very exciting. But in 3 days........there's gonna be three really exciting blogs......they'll be JUST AS competitive as the Huntsville one. I'll probably add it to the looking back blog also. And I'll be blogging of course on my regular one here=P. Well I'm out for the night. Wow TC is inching closer and closer. In fact with Jason, Mike and some other people already out in Toronto, it really makes TC seem closer than it is. So......yeah I'm REALLY excited right now. I can't believe that it's already Saturday, the Saturday that marks 4 more days until TC 2004 for Seniors. SO EXCITED! Well yeah anyways I'm out.....so I'll see TCers on the 17th, and lates to all.  
     

    



       
       3/12/04   And it's over.....SCHOOL'S THAT IS   WHOO HOO! GOOD BYE SCHOOL (for a week) AND HELLO MARCH BREAK! Wow Finally the long waited week of rest has come! Wow.......to think that only a month and a half ago I was complaining about exams. Well yeah with another bit of school done, the students and teachers finally get to enjoy a nice relaxing week of doing nothing. I especially am excited, as today marks the fact that there's only (yes count them) 5 more days until Senior TC 2004. The twins, Carmen, Rebecca and Calvin are headed for the Junior one on Monday and Tuesday. Wonder how they'll take this whole thing. Last year was friggin' AMAZING. I just hope it has the same effect on them as it did on the people that went last year. So yeah, but for the first three days of March Break, I'll still be in London. So yeah I'll have some time to kill in this old hick town. Wonder what I'll do. *Shrug* figure that out later....but yeah here was the outline basically of how my last day of school went....well the day before March Break.  Ooook......well woke up at around 7:20, and left by 7:40. And to think I had time to gel my hair, pack my bags, AND eat french toast? Wow I'm amazing =P. So yeah, left for Pat's house for a ride to school @ 7:40. Wow.....he's right at my doorstep waiting. Even better I don't have to walk down 3 houses lol.  Today, since it's snowing (what is wrong with Canadian weather, it was 17 degrees celsius last week) it took us nearly 25 minutes to get to school. Stupid snow......it was gone for a week and now it's back. I mean I normally like snow, but just when I started getting used to spring....SHOAM! More snow. BAH! So yeah today we had a pretty long car ride to school, but we were still on time. Ran to locker, put away stuff, and.....yeah then I headed off to....MUSIC!  Today was the final day for Mr. McCumber. I mean though he was a good music teacher, I never really liked him. He had spasms all the time and "volcanic eruptions of anger" as he describes it. So basically today we merged classes, and just had some fun w/ music before March Break. Really didn't accomplish much work.  Science class.......did some lab w/ making stuff fall. Physics is pretty boring like usual.  Lunch.....well today since it was last day I decided I'd treat myself *wow I'm very generous to myself no =P* to a nice luxurious lunch @ Jasper's. Instead of grabbing usual coffee and bagel.....I decided to go Ritzy style. Fried rice.......AND CHICKEN CAESAR WRAP?! PLUS A COFFEE ALL FOR JUST $6.38! Mmmmmm......food. Thompson got usual breakfast, Mike got burger and Nate a bagel. Hermann then came with Monica and Co. So yeah we chatted for a while, 'bout random stuff, then headed back to school....where Bio class awaits.  YAY ALMOST NO WORK TODAY! Just a quick sheet about nutrition facts, and then watched some lame 1980's National Geographic Video. Whoo.....no work......too bad my group presents first day back =\.  English.....finished Romeo and Juliet. Yeah the movie's just as twisted as the book....VERY. And that basically describes it.  Bused home, chatted w/ Dominik and Ryan.  And then home. SC, piano practice, etc etc. Usual stuff.....and then UCC (typical Friday).  Yeah today @ UCC originally me, Calvin and Sergei were only people there, but more people came in the end. B-droids was only open to people 19+ so we still had a small session. Steve, Igor and Lance came too, and some other people as well. Today....well I didn't really accomplish much. I can now very poor form link two mills. I'm SLOWLY getting the concept. Well I'll work on it over March Break I guess. But yeah got that sorta done and over with, and got burned in a battle. Me and Calvin vs. Steve and Sergei.....yeah just a bit stacked. Pulled off ugly millz=P. But I had to leave early so @ 9......I was back home.  Played piano, chatted, and now blogging. Gotta sleep early tonight since tomorrow I'm playing Badminton w/ Mophead and Hermann maybe. So Later.
     

    



       
       3/11/04   And after almost two and a half months blogging...   Yeah, I've come to see blogging really does make time seem to pass by so quick. I mean just to think I'm already on entry #72 or sometin like that already. And also......after two and a half months, watching more blogs pop up, and etc., I seem to be the lone survivor of blogging. I mean this as in I seem to be the only one still blogging daily. Jason kept the fight up until about ate February, while Gavin could keep up for 5 days lol. Lindsay kinda keeps hers up and running, and Kurtis does his weekly. Jenn also stopped, Josh kinda goes on and off......so yeah........I'm the lone blogger it seems now lol. Surprisingly, doing all this blogging has made me come to like public speaking now also. But it's also kinda  cool to see so many people have visited my site over the last few months. Ever since January......I've had about 1700 visitors. Well almost....I'm at 1640 almost right now. But that's already almost catching up to MANY Asian Avenue people. Not bad considerin some of em have had their site up for over two YEARS. Mine's just a little over a month ^_^. But yeah......blogging has basically become part of my life now......I find it amusing, and just sometimes when I'm bored I do sometimes read back on what I did say on......February 19th *Huntsville* or January 1st *New Years.* Well here's yet again another blog........ENTRY #72......  My day started off typical. Woke up, got ready, and headed to Pat's house for a ride to school. Got there, did this, walked there, threw stuff into locker, and then headed up to history class. I'm starting to think school's getting REALLY repetitive lately. Nothing exciting.......well until after history class.  History class we watched this video called "The Wave." Basically the video was showing how easy people conform to authority. The teacher *in the video* was teaching about Nazi Germany, and was talking about how Hitler murdered 10,000,000 people basically right under the German People's noses. Then the students asked how blind could the  German people really be, and that was when the plot of the story unravels. Basically the teacher then makes everyone think they are a cult called "The Wave" and has a whole system of society. The teacher then shows them how easily they were conformed at a rally, and the students then realized how easy it was to fall into a political trap. That was history class for you.  Announcements today: BADMINTON SEASON HAS SORTA OFFICIALLY BEGUN! Well signup started in rm. 314.....which I would head to at lunch to sign up. Hmm....I'll probably end up playing mixed doubles again. But before talking about that......Civics class.  Kinda interesting how mood swings happen......Ms. Manson was pretty nice in history, but right when civics kicked in.....she turned pretty bitter. Apparently our class "pathetically" failed the first civics test, even though most of us had decent marks. We started leadership unit today. We got into groups and had to solve this "mystery" of who blew up a bank and stole one million dollars. The suspects: A janitor, teller, president of the bank and.......a hippie. Right at the beginning we ruled out the hippie since well......HE'S A HIPPIE! So we then solved it since only the teller had access to dynamite and the keys to the bank. ANYWAYS yeah it was pretty lame. Our group concluded that in leadership......I seem to like to take control. Whoo! Point for me ^_^. So off to lunch.  Right after lunch.....SCRAMBLED to find room 314.........and I found it. It's a bloody hallway. WTF? Yeah I figured something was wrong, so then me, Thompson and Hermann went downstairs to the office to ask where the badminton meeting is. That's when I caught a piece of paper saying 314: Mr. Endo. I figured from there *don't ask how* that it was the physics room.....so I ran up there and I was right. Problem is: it's room 314 too. Wow......our school REALLY needs to learn how to number rooms. When you have two room 314's it's pretty difficult to set up meetings. Hmm turns out LOTS of people are going for JR. and SR. badminton. For Juniors I saw Thompson, Hermann, Meaghan Tanner, and Thompson's partner from last year Jen. Apparently lots of regulars *Jacob and Brandon* didn't know about the meeting lol and didn't sign up yet. Well so yeah did that.....and then studied for math test. Lots of people needed help lol. Maybe 3/4 of our class showed up. But lots of people did. I left about 3/4 of the way through since I learned everything I thought I hd to learn.....er review. SO quickly bought a lunch *well actually Thompson bought it* and then went to math.  Test actually wasn't HORRIBLE. Some stuff I didn't get at all though......but yeah I think it's a good thing I prayed. Really felt I had guidance from God. Unfortunately there was one question I never studied....the stupid rectangle. *Shrug* I just put down random formulas for that.  Programming.......boring. MOre turing, More crap.  Then bus ride home. Took  Cherryhill today w/ Dan and Elaina.  And Now I'm home. Typing, SC.....and now haircut ^_^. So people for now I'm out. Later =P.
     

    



       
       3/10/04   Moment In Joe's Life: His debut.....into Senior Band 2003-2004   Yes.......read it and umm......suffer! MUhahahahahahaha! I'm now officially the Bass Trombonist for ONE SONG in Senior Band. Well now two since the other dude gave me another song. But yeah you heard me. I'm in SENIOR BAND! WHOO HOO! Yeah senior band isn't much different from regular band. Actually I find it really amusing.....that's why I'm looking forward to senior music next year.  My day started off like usual Wednesday morning.....except this week instead of gr. 10 band I'm headed for senior. So I woke up at gruelinf 6am as usual *Yeah Jenn (Wong) 6am is brutal, just think I'm gonna be doin' this 3 times a week compared to your 5=P* and got ready for school n' stuff. Headed to senior band......and yeah like I said not much difference. First impression for me: I hit someone's music off a stand....and senior band folders are IMMENSE. So yeah not that great first impression=P. Better make it up somehow. For my first appearance though......I think I did....well decent. Hopefully. Only difference I really noticed between Senior band and intermediate  band: Senior band moves faster, but looks at stuff MUCH more detailed. From a wee little crescendo to a note tapering, Mrs. Wharton could point out every mistake you could think of. Then she totally burns the trombone section (not including me cuz I don't play the song she was making fun of =P). Says to them the 4 of them are pretty pathetic as Dave Rutt (Stage Band X conductor/senior trombonist) could produce more sound than them alone. Ow. Lucky I wasn't included, or else it would be 5 =P. For Godzilla, I actually have a REALLY easy part. Since I'm a bass line, I  basically follow Tuba, or in other words Christian *music genius* and Sam Zhang *Asian Retard.* Only hard part about my part is I have to play REALLY low notes. I'll learn in time though. I just need a bit of practice and I'll be up and running. This morning I just sight-read everything.  Music class....bit different today. Mr. McCumber played sorta a "farewell" thing. He's actually pretty good w/ the clarinet. After that business as usual. I'm happy Mrs. Wharton's coming back after March Break........I mean though Mr. McCumber did calm down these last two weeks compared to before but I just don't like him. He's a REALLY weird teacher at times. Today we learned that the song "Son of a Gambolier" is actually the Georgia Tech theme song or something like that. Cool, we're playing something somewhat famous. Hmm....nothing really amusing happened in class. Pretty quiet class today actually.  After music headed up to science class. We didn't really do much today, had a cheesy quiz *which I didn't do too well on* and then after that talked about a lab we are doing next day, which I have to print off. Not a very exciting class.  Lunch......I spent my time doing programming project. Hermann went also, and Robert and some other people I saw in there too. Hmm........so far this week's gone really well actually. I've saved 15 bucks already just from starving. I can see why playing basketball in the gym can be popular now. At this rate if i save 15 bucks a week, I make 60 bucks a month (if I save 15 bucks a week, if I save 25 then 80 bucks a week). Holy crap to think I can afford a PS2 game each month if I did that. So yeah worked on that...and Jason came in for a bit too.  Afterwards headed to bio. For the whole class today basically did some random work since Ms. Wiener didn't show up as her grandfather recently passed away. Me, Okanski, Underhill and Robert planned out what's happening w/ project. It's  been agreed we meet Friday FOR SURE, then Monday if needed. Wow one day to do a 75 min project.......just amazing lol. I'm confident we'll get a good mark though.....I've started to like public speaking ^_^. Not much else really happened, since a lot of people in that class was on vacation. Oh yeah and then me and Okanski started making the faucet noise thing *the one where u hit ur cheek and make that water dropping noise* and pissed off the teacher. Then Okanski started randomly calling Drew, pissing him off lol.  English class we started watching Romeo and Juliet. BOOOOOOORING............VERY BOOOOOOOORING.  Then after that time for home! Bused home w/ Dominik, Ryan and Underhill.  Then got home. Nothing very exciting at home today. I ate, played SC, then napped. And then Theory class.  By now in theory we don't really learn anything. Basically we go there and do our theory papers since we know the basics to everything now. As usual I'm VERY behind, but most of my answers are right at least. We finally got our score sheet. Lauren got bored and started drawing a group picture of us on the scoresheet *we have open space since we have only 4 people in the class now,* which really shows how bored we can get. Also Melody went sorta insane, and Me and Thomas were on a hot streak w/ guessing words today. Whoo. Yeah I know you don't have to tell me never make another entry about  theory class. It's a waste of space I just noticed also but I'm not about to backspace my efforts.  Then came hom around 9pm, and started studying for math. I have a REALLY big test tomorrow and so yeah two hours of solid studying *plus msn, winamp, and other crap* but SOLID studying. Anyways I'm out for the night now, so watch out for my next entry coming THURSDAY MARCH 11th. No way! Yes you better believe it another one tomorrow. Later.  
     

    



       
       3/9/04   Blog w/ Big Title=*shudder*   Yes......this WAS my first blog with the new TITLE FORMAT! But it looked like absolute crap so no big titles. But yeah sorry people. Today I gotta have a cheesy summary style blog. But it was a late start day today which was cool ^_^. Slept in whoo! And here's the day:  -Woke up -Lift to school from Pat -History....learned about Battle of the Atlantic (my comp froze, destroying my note....crap school comps =@) -Civics........did stuff w/ politics. We were grouped into parties and then voted (NDP won somehow, I was Liberal and voted Liberal) -Lunch....worked on programming project -Math: Review for dreaded test on Thursday -Programming: We did more imaging crap w/ Turing. So lame. -Bused home -Ate food -SC -Ate Dinner -Homework -TV -More homework  And now.......SLEEP! So yeah I'll make a better entry tomorrow. Later =P.
     

    



       
       3/8/04   Most Barren Band Practice EVER...   I remember when Jason wrote the entry about his classes when we were away on Huntsville and how they were all barren. Well I think I got a taste of that this morning. This is why...  Well after waking up on a Monday morning @ 6:30 for band, I got ready fairly quickly and darted out the door. But when I got to band today. First I was kinda surprised to see the strings in our usual rehearsal room, but also when I actually stepped into the strings room for band rehearsal.....WOW it was barren. Instead of the usual 91 of us......there were 15. I was late too lol. Our rehearsal started off with NO clarinets until about 5 minutes in. There were only 3 flutes compared to the usual 40 billion, and 2 trumpets lol. Two clarinets, Thompson the lone percussionist.....and oh yeah one horrid sounding oboe *they sound worse than clarinets ugh.* There were also the assortment of other people and stuff, like the usual militia of Saxophones (Maggie, Lindsay, Caitlin and Rebecca) and me, Pourier and Shaun covered the trombone parts pretty well.....but mostly today was pretty big waste of time in band. He might as well have just let us go and roam the school for one hour. But no we still rehearsed. and after that really boring rehearsal.....came first period which was.....MUSIC *shudder.*  Music today we crammed together the two classes and rehearsed. We don't sound half bad. I don't have much to say for that time because I was half asleep.  Same for science. All I remember is some lab testing acceleration.....and then spent 40 minutes chatting about random stuff. Oh yeah Rhoden sang the element song since Mr. Curphey got pissed off at him.  Lunch today I went to get a book for english class. I'm gonna try starving this whole week, since I'm trying to save up as much $$$ as possible for TC. My aim of 600 bucks came about 50 bucks short =(. Oh well least I still have $$$ to spend =P. Afterwards met up with Thompson and them and we went to Athlete's World for a bit before heading back to school. Nothing really too great....downtown Athlete's World isn't even that much better than Masonville's. So yeah what a good waste of 10 mins=P.  Well when I got back to school......it was now bio class. We had a sub though today since Ms. Wiener's grandfather just passed away today. So she was out and we had a sub teacher and we watched some video and then chatted. Now originally me Underhill and Robert would agree to go to the library after school, but I had Stage Band X and would meet up with them later.  English class we finished Romeo and Juliet. For the next two days we would watch the movie. She assured us it ain't gonna be that crappy modern one w/ Leonardo The Craprio or however the hell you spell his name.   Stage Band X.....I am now officially a Bass Trombonist =P. Wow our school actually has friggin nice instruments. The bass trombone I had was basically brand new. So yeah I'm now gonna remember Trombone # 3366 for next year. I hope it was that number at least lol. But yeah rehearsal actually went REALLY well today. I was surprised how well it went. Other  than some talking, we actually ran through the music really smooth.  Now then I get to the library......and they weren't there. Well.........looked around for about 15 minutes and after figuring that they had everything done already *I don't know what really had to be done* so I left for my bus stop.  Now I'm home.........blogging, chatting, the usual. Probably gonna nap for a bit now. Anyways yeah I'm out both ways so later.  
     

    



       
       3/7/04   Just another average Sunday   Today didn't have too many highlights. I don't know why, but on Sundays I seem to like to relax more now than running around town. Saturdays though I can never tolerate staying cooped in the house all day. That's one reason why I like HYPE, it gets me out of the house for sure each Saturday lol, and also I'm happy I live by Masonville and UWO. So yeah my weekends are normally spent outside my house anyways. Today though marks the beginning of the last week of dictorial school before the Break. I can't wait...March Break sometimes to me seems more exciting than summer I don't know why. Maybe it's just the "let's see how much funm I can shove into one week!" or just the fact you can snowboard AND play basketball even sometimes at the same time of season. But also of course........TC is around this time....and that is always one heck of a fun time for both my Spiritual growth and meeting new people. But that'll be in one week's time. So for now....onto talking about my Sunday.  My day kicked off around 8:30, waking up and getting ready for church. Slow moving morning I found. Took me bout 10 minutes to get ready and then off to pick up Jason. Listened to a gospel on 105.9FM and then when we got to Jason's house....well he was still sleeping. But thankfully the doorbell woke him up so off to church we went. Whee we were early again! It was cool to see all the UWO students back again. Also Kendrick bought Daniel a Bible, which was pretty cool. I sometimes think now that the dream I had a while back about our English congregation growing quickly, may be true. Just seeing such generosity within our congregation really brings up my dream as a possibility. Worship today consisted of a Drunms & Piano combo which was somewhat new, and......JESSE WONG CAME BACK FOR A DAY! Our old HYPE counsellor, he was pretty much the dude who formed the fellowship. So yeah this dude does have his place in LCAC. He did so much for us, starting the fellowship, and just giving us the chance to really grasp what a fellowship is like.....awesome. So yeah today was kinda cool at church. Oh yeah....and though Carmen and Gavin WERE supposed to usher....in the end Jason had to take Carmen's spot since well she kinda....didn't make it lol. So Jason took her spot for today...*shut down...sorta=P.* The message today: modeling the Christian Life." Now unfortunately after Kendrick sorta gave me a Bible to read since he thought I forgot mine *really it's because I pay attention better without ANY distractions* so I started flipping through the Bible that was-to-be Dan's. So I kinda didn't grasp the message today =S. Zoned out reading Revelation. Read Revelation 8:8-9 which reads:   8"The second angel sounded his trumpet, and something like a  huge mountain , all ablaze, was  thrown into the sea.  A third of the sea turned into blood,  9 a third of the living creatures in the sea died, and a third of the ships were destroyed."  So yeah after reading that....I started wondering if that has happened yet. At first I thought of Atlantis....and if it was referring to that. But then I thought about Global Warming....and how it is said that a third of the world's land mass would be lost once the poles melt. Well if they do. So I started thinking about that during sermon for about 30 minutes. I still haven't come to a conclusion obviously....but it was a thought to throw out I guess. Then during tithes & offering, I had a quick prayer about my dream. I don't know why but it seems that this dream REALLY does mean something. I don't know if it's just me, or this is as meaningful to me as the entry in Josh Lo's blog about the glimpse of Angels during service one day. Well after service, talked with the HYPE counsellors about when our meeting would be...it is now officially set for next week. And for the whole morning Kendrick was looking for someone with nice writing to write sorta like a "To: Dan From: Hype Counselors" sorta thing. I dunno who he found in the end but he found someone lol. Then had the usual chatting time afterwards, and then class started with Pastor Mackness.  Today mainly we talked about the movie that we all just saw last night * The Passion of the Christ if you don't know what I mean.* Had a big discussion on it, what surprised us, what the movie meant, etc. Josh who couldn't make it, asked us what we got out of the movie. Personally though I never said it....I didn't actually get any like NEW things out of the film. It was more of a reminder to me of how much Christ suffered and how great of an example he has set for us. Afterwards we finished up our lesson on God's presence with different names for him throughout the Bible. Abba, Elohim, Jehovah, the list goes on and on. I think there were about 15 different names. Well actually a few of them start with Jehovah, but I counted those as individual names. After that, Jesse and Gavin had a "Jam sessioN" w/ guitars, and the rest of us just chatted. I locked together a few of our bags together *amusing no =P* and there were the daily poking wars between Rebecca and Jason lol. Chatted a lot, and then Badminton started w/ Calvin and Gavin. Originally Jason was gonna come over and we were gonna play that new 007 game for PS2 "Everything for Nothing" or sometin like that, but since dad had to fix some speaker at church we kinda got delayed to 3 lol. So I sat there, taught myself 3 new guitar chords *NO WAY!* and now my guitar chord span is up to 6! C,G,D,E,A,Em! THAT'S A +6 IMPROVEMENT lol. Originally I vaguely knew G or C lol. Well I kinda got the hang of C from practicing it for 3 months, but yeah now I can ALMOST play a whole song lol. All I need now......are those chords like "Asus" or the dreaded B, Bm's, Bsus or.....the infamous F#m. *Shudder.* Stupid bar chords....I can see why Gavin hated them lol. So I basically  taught myself *with some help from Gavin* on how to play the basic guitar chords, and some badminton. I REALLY suck now at Badminton lol. Lucky I'm basically the only veteran mixed doubles player lol so I can't get cut =P. So after waiting around until 3pm, with some badminton, and guitar playing, FINALLY we got home.  So me and Jason ate quickly, and the played some 007. AMAZING GAME. Co-Op is so much fun. I mite buy the game actually. REALLY fun. And it's in 3rd person thank goodness. I'm happy EA finally learned that 1st person shooters and PS2 just don't mix. 3rd Person shooters...I love em. This game I honestly I think is the best 007 yet since Goldeneye for N64. So after we did that for a bit, dad kicked us off TV, so we ate half a bag of tortilla chips and half a tub of sour cream, and then played some SC. Jason left around 6:30 or so.  Anyways.....yeah that basically summarizes my day. Now....what's comin up next? A really insane week @ school *Programming project, Bio project, first time tryin out senior band, and a math test* and for tonight.....dinner and some h/w. So until tomorrow's entry.....  Download some music you people. Later.  
     

    



       
       3/6/04   "The Passion of the Christ..."one word to describe it. Wow.   When I say wow to the movie, I don't just mean as in it was a very moving film. I mean it as in just the detail, the images and the power that this movie really has. Maybe it's just because I'm a Christian, or maybe it's the same reaction for Christians and Non-Christians.. But when I saw this movie today at 6:30 with HYPE, I was never really anticipating that much detail and awe that this movie really has. No I didn't cry, or feel very different like "oooh I'm gonna re-commit my life now," but it was very interesting to see what another fellow Christian brother pictured in his mind when he read about the last 12 hours of Christ's life. And the discussion afterwards at McDonalds *very appropriate place to discuss huh=P* was very interesting too. But like usual I gotta cover my day before I reach the climax. So here it goes....my day that led to the seeing of one of the finest films I've seen so far in 2004.  It all began today with waking up from an 11 hour slumber. I haven't slept this much in ages. I had some very strange dreams last night. Originally I did remember them earlier....but yeah they are somewhat faint now. Some of the dreams I remember though really boggled my mind when I woke up. Others kinda made me think what my mind has going through it at 3am. Nothing really that stays in my head for 8 hours. I mean there are some dreams that stay in my head for ages. Like I still remember the one back when I was 8 that scared the hell out of me when I saw pupiless-eyed pale people stepping out of my TV. Or the time when I saw my English Congregation at Church spreading to many people in the community. But yeah the dreams I had last night stayed in my head for only about two hours lol.  Well after waking up, I went to practice my piano for about.....yeah a good one hour. Ate lunch, then quickly threw in an extra 15 minutes. Oh yeah and I did something really stupid: I cut up some photocopied music by accident =P. And then off to piano lesson.  Today....mainly getting prepared for Kiwanis coming up in a month or so. Nothing really big happening.  After that yeah I spent most of my afternoon working on a resume, chatting to people on MSN, and lunch. Nothing very appealing today in the afternoon. So yeah to get out of the house ASAP called Jason and we went to Masonville a bit early before the movie and pre-ordered SC Ghost. Saw Nick Saika too. Talked for a bit, then went off to some other stores. Champs and Foot Locker mainly. No place sells Adidas Superstars as much anymore. Bummer. Well if I find a pair in Toronto MAYBE I'll get one. Then walked around a bit more, grabbed sometin to eat before the movie. And then met up with the rest of HYPE for the movie. Went in, bought some stuff, and then.......the anticipated part of my day/blog....the movie.  I was surprised that there were almost NO commercials in this film. Only previews for ONE movie instead of the usual 7. The movie though started off almost right from Jesus' arrest. By the way I basically can't ruin this movie for you. I mean it's been written in over 20,000,000 books in this world, and translated into more than 200 languages.....so it's pretty hard for me to ruin the film. If you haven't read the black n' white version of it, go to BibleGateway.com and under passage search Luke 22:39-23:49. That'll be basically the whole movie in its original form. I really like how they portrayed Satan in the movie. Instead of the stereotypical voice in the air, they used an actress *Rosalina something forgot her last name* and poised her as a bald, eyebrowless Satan. Really added an affect to the movie I think. Creativity points right there. And from the beginning, on, it basically showed what Jesus' went through *A lot of pain and suffering* for the people that rebuked him, but He still loved. Another part of the film that I found really well made was  the emphasis on how Pilate *the judge that condemned him* didn't want to at all, and tried all he did to save Jesus' life. In the end though he did it only at the Jews' cries and edge to start a riot, and he even said basically that the Jews were responsible for his death, and the Jews AGREED.  Just to say now also, I REALLY disagree on how so many people say this movie's Anti-Semetic. I mean it's recorded they did it......and they did say it. It's not like every Christian's now going to hate them because of it. It was said many years before this would happen. And it's been like this for 2000 years and it hasn't changed so I don't think from one film everyone's going to hate them now. But back to the main point of my blog....the flim.  The torture was the part where I really was surprised of how much they pictured Jesus going through. Whipping with sticks, and then the flog. Wow the flogging.....really disturbed me in a way. I mean it wasn't that bad at first, but when one lash actually was latched in his skin and the Roman just rips it out...*shudder.* That really turned my stomach a little bit. Then the crucifying. It all seemed like the usual picturing....with the nailing to the cross and of course the pain that goes along with it. I mean I've pictured it....and seen it in the old films that talk about Jesus. But one part that REALLY caught me off guard and actually made me just tense up.....when they turned the cross about face. I mean LANDING on your knees WHILE nailed to the cross.....yeah that really shot in my mind "Joe, Jesus did a lot for you...A LOT." The suffering, and the pain that he had to go through for us to receive salvation....yeah it's a lot to intake. "A good shepherd dies for his sheep," that statement means a lot more to me now than before probably. I mean....I know he did go through a lot for us to receive salvation, but I guess just because of human nature...visually SEEING it.....yeah it made me think. But I would recommend everybody, Christian or Non-Christian to go see this production, and I hope that both ways it will make you think twice about what Jesus has done for us.  After the movie we headed to McD's for a little discussion before heading home. We got split into groups, with JT and Kendrick taking me, Calvin, Mike and Dan. We started off with a word of prayer. It was actually really good to see Mike taking the courage to pray in a public area like McD's. Him being such a young Christian and already doing so much....wow. I don't know if it was because of the movie, or because he's really moving on his Christian life....but it's REALLY cool to see Dan, Mike and Jason already grow so much in Christ. Personally if I were in his stage of a Christian I wouldn't even have the courage to pray in public. So if you're reading this Mike Props Dude....many Props. We then talked about the film...many responses were the movie was powerful, and it really showed how much Jesus suffered for us just for us to have eternal Salvation. The whole thing about the movie being touching to the stage of making you cry, personally I didn't think so. I mainly didn't really feel that because of this reason:  Pretend I did cry and feel so moved and stuff....it would've made me feel guilty that it takes a human to show me how much Jesus suffered....when it's been in a book that's been sitting in my room for over 10 years....loud and clear....straight from God. Says so in Matthew, Mark, Luke and John about how much he suffered. And if four prophets couldn't get it through my head and all of a sudden a Hollywood can...that just shows how much Media affects us and how lazy I am not to have read my Bible. This story's not new...it's been around for over 2000 years, translated into over 200 languages, and been in mass production since the Printing Press was invented. So the only time I should have been moved by this story....was when I first read it. Though I didn't...but I still do know how much he suffered, and paid for our sins in the form of the worst torture known probably to man. But I don't expect every person that watches the movie to ball their eyes out afterwards. I mean I know some people will, but I didn't for my own reasons, and I do think it's perfectly fine if you do and no you won't die if you did. It's just in my opinion why I didn't, and I don't expect it to even be applied to anyone. But anyways yeah that was MY opinion and back to the discussion @ McD's...  We discussed a lot about the accuracy of the film also. It was official.....lots of us were freaked by the demon lurking in the forest that just popped out at Judas. Also the demonic figures chasing Judas after he turned in Jesus for the money, that was scary too. Overall yeah this film was VERY accurate...and probably went beyond. Going through Roman history to determine the name of the Pilate and his wife, the process of torture, and the process the Romans went through before the crucifixation, I really commend Mel Gibson and his production team in going through so much effort to make this movie accurate to history as much as it was to the Bible. And like I said before I really liked how they portrayed Pilate as an actual Judge and not a random condemner, I mean he did try to avoid letting Christ being crucified since even he found no fault in Christ, and also how they emphasized Christ still forgiving us even when the Romans tortured Him, and not cursing. Also Kendrick kinda said a few things he shouldn't have said lol. I won't mention one of them as it was a pretty embarassing counsellor moment but here's the one I will mention:  Ken: What'd you think of Steven carrying the cross with Christ? How are we sorta like in Steven's situation? JT and others: Isn't his name Simon? Ken: .....Whoops ehehehehehe=P.  Yeah that and also we kinda discussed about a few other things. Some funny moments at McD's. Then aftera word of closing prayer, and talkin to the others....I left for Paul n' Yu and got parents drove me home *they had dinner there.*  So yeah summarizing today: Woke up, piano, boring afternoon, and then movie. The movie though I really recommend. The Passion of the Christ...very moving. I recommend anyone to see it. Even though it wasn't exactly like the usual theatre thing *no DDR or anything afterwards* it was still an amazing time with HYPE. Anyways I'm out for the night......it's 12:25....lucky I had 11 hours of sleep yesterday. Hmm....not much else to say really. So....G'nite. I think I've covered everything I want to cover. Lates. 
     

    



       
       3/5/04   No I didn't miss a day of blogging ehehehehe=P   Technically I'm blogging this actually at 1:12pm on Saturday....since I kinda...well.....fell asleep for 11 hours lol. Originally I had my whole night planned out: UCC, Piano practice, and then blog. Well that kinda got changed to UCC, Piano........WUMP! I sat in front of the 88 key wooden block for 15 minutes then decided to take a 30 minute nap, which got prolonged into a 11 hour slumber. SO yes see.....a very legitimate excuse for not blogging yesterday. At least I catch up fast....unlike some people who's name I will not mention. *Cough.....JA.....Cough.*......*Cough SON Cough.* So yeah here goes.......the recalling on what I can recall out of my non-recalling mind of yesterday.....er I mean "today." Whenever I say "today" in this blog it refers to the date posted on the blog date by the way. Hmm also kinda interesting how 30 people still visited my site without me updating.  I woke up like usual, fairly tired since the night before I was doing stupid but "productive" things like reading other blogs, surfing the net, and just letting TC memories whiz by my head while I was thinking about how much more exciting this year's TC will be since I'm DETERMINED to go to BOTH of the days. But anyways I got ready for school like usual, and then headed out the door for a expected average day 1.  Turns out it wasn't that average. Today was assembly day! WHOO! AVERAGE ASSEMBLY DAY 1! Actually it was a first. This is the first time in the whole year that I had an assembly on day 1. Reason why I remember is because it's the first time I got to sit in the balcony this year for an assembly. Normally we sit in the back, struggling to see what the hecks going on with the heads of gr. 11's and 12's blocking our Gr. 10 miniscule field of vision. But yeah before that we were in History......whoo hoo. BOOOOORING. I dunno why.......but I really find this history unit boring. So far at least. I mean, I love learning about World War II, since I used to be sorta a 20th century war nut......but I guess just the pace of the class has kinda made it seem boring. I liked the  class before more when we watched the video on the Battle of Britain. Today we just learned about basically the Canadian and American convoys going to Britain lost LOTS of boats. U-Boats would whoop Merchant Ship ass out in the Atlantic. Hmm that's basically all we did.....History class is norally this amusing. I guess one reason is cuz Ms. Manson....can't come up with a SINGLE joke in class. I mean she could at least TRY, and have us laugh at her lame attempt, like Mr. Estabrooks last year, or Mr. Douglas. So after 60 minutes of that boredom.....it was time for Civics.  Bah. We were in assembly #2. Rats. That meant I had to suffer the boredom of Ms. Manson's civics class BEFORE the assembly. So yeah today we went to the computer lab and further did more on that assignment about the Canadian government. It's pretty lame actually.......we have to compare the provincial and federal parties and see the differences. It's basically the same.....only Federal do less actually. They don't have to worry about education funds, or the money put into health care. So yeah we learned about that, and then went to the assembly...  The assembly today was on multiculturalism. I don't mean to sound mean.....but the assembly really did blow. With all the technical difficulties, and seem-to-be poor preperation, just the environment wasn't too appealing. Last year's I actually enjoyed watching, the people on stage seemed to have a passion for what they were doing. This year's was just so slow moving and crappy I fell asleep for most of it. There wasn't really any highlight......some people afterwards told me that the first assembly was better,and ours was cut short. Both ways I really didn't like it.  For lunch...went to Galleria. Had some wedges and coffee. Weird combo I know but it works. Then back to school.  Math class once again Mr. Gilbert had to tolerate w/ our loudness and annoyance lol. We basically reviewed for the math test on Thursday. Not much excitement there. Hmm.....well like usual Mike was a jackass, John was being bitched at, Courtney still needs PMS pills, Nick was also a shmuck for a bit. My Coffee didn't affect me that bad.......I wasn't AS hyper as usual.  Programming...not very amusing. We learned Turing imaging more. It's terrible. Today's class sucked....no funny things happening...no Icy mauling Pokan...no nothing. Just pure silence and the sound of typing.  Then after school met up with Dan for UCC. well First house than UCC. So at home we just ate....lots. We bought some stuff at Angelos to eat then went home. First we ate this cake stuff called "Tiramisu..." SOOOOOO GOOD. It's like a Cappuchino cake almost and I'm hooked on em now. Then after that went on MSN for a bit....and I went upstairs to grab a bite of Lemon Meringue Pie. Dan came up too for some....but when he sat down....CRACK. Congrats he just sat on the lid for the pie. So we ate about half of that and we were still hungry. And that's when we came up with the most ultimate food at  the time. Cheese+Tortilla Chips+McDonald's Salsa=SOMEWHAT BELOW AVERAGE NACHOS! WHAT AN IDEA! So we quickly grated some cheese, put them in the oven.......and 10 minutes later POOF! NACHOS! Mmmm.......soooo good. Then after that we decided to make more.......and we did. More food.......mmm....more fat and carbohydrates and minimum proteins. So after that......we decided to go to UCC and work out for a bit before sessioning. Well a session that we'd eventually not do because we were WAAAY to tired after the workout we had.  Yeah so we did weights, cardio, the works. LOTS of it. from 5-7 pure working out. I think I went through 3 bottles of water through that workout. My bench has gone down from 125-110 unfortunately, but I can still do as many sit-ups as I could do in the summer, maybe a bit less. I did 60 today (not full effort but meh), but over the summer I did over 60 with a 25 pound weight. So yeah maybe it has gone down a bit. But I really need to start working out more, my muscles are DYING slowly. Dan is a friggin tank. He can already do 120 in Gr. 9. Not bad with the fact he's 5'2 lol. Then we ran about 30 Mins of Cardio, and then more weights. 15 mins of Cardio, then went upstairs to see how the session was going.  The session had a hefty bit of people show up. I just watched basically since my muscles were kinda tired out from weights. But yeah it looked like a pretty good session. Then me and Dan went back downstairs for a bit more Cardio, then I had to go. Friggin Cell phone didn't work *damn Fido......DAMN YOU!* and then ended up buying a 20 dollar phone card lol. Stupid Bell machine not providing change. I HATE YOU TOO! And then went home.  And this is where my day ends. Watched some Family Guy, Piano for 15 minutes then.....WUMP.  And that's the end. For now.....I'll blog more tomorrow. Later.
     

    



       
       3/4/04   Today marks 12 more days till TC   Hmm.....if I could get one of those timers......I would make one counting down to TC. So excited....there's still 12 days and I all the memories from 2k3 are already coming back into my mind. The flag carrying, yelling, running around the church like my usual self at school.....except more cuz after day 1 my voice was dying already lol. And then the food.....and me and Gavin's shallowness.....yeah immature 9ers....so typical lol. LEING LUI OVER THERE AH! Yeah we had some of those laughs too in TC....of course though we did grow spiritually also. But enough said about that for now....each day until TC I'll slowly talk about that. But for now.....yeah you guessed it......it's time to talk about my day =P.  Today was............Thursday that's right so no band lol. Almost forgot there. OH YEAH I REMEMBER WHAT HAPPENED NOW! I woke up......and then Patrick called and said he's not going to school today. Well since I didn't have to worry about giving him a lift to school......I was kinda tired too....soo........Hmm I was tempted to stay at home today. But then again I needed to see guidance today *which I did in a 50 minute interview* so yeah with my willpower I finally got up, got dressed n' stuff (morning routine) and headed out the door.....for another day of high school.  Well......first class up......music. Boy only 3 more classes w/ Mr. McCumber and then Mrs. Wharton comes back. Thank goodness. I'm sick and tired of this dude's moodswings. One day he'll be all happy and next day......PMS TO THE MAX! So yeah I'm happy I only have to tolerate this for three more classes. Well today music class sorta started with a jumpstart when Mitch fell off his chair and made the xylophone thing fall too lol. He kinda fell into it and CRRRRAAAAAAAASH! Mr. McCumber wasn't too pleased, the rest of the class just laughed lol. So yeah like usual we played lots of pieces, and then today once again Mr. Clark merged his class with us. Nothing too exciting there.....I had to help Spencer w/ his trombone solo, and I was bored so I played some of the Sax part since Bradburn sits beside me. Yeah not very exciting except for the Mitchell falling off the chair. Meaghan's still has a broken wrist....and Lindsay and Katie were late. See not very exciting except for that one highlight. I'm still deciding whether I should play senior band for the next 3 months left in the year. It'd be training for next year at least.......but should I? So many descisions to make...and yes this is why I have to pray. I dunno who else but God could really help me at this time.  Science.......hmm not much today. Me and Korpela kinda had the weirdest idea *PATENT PENDING* that I won't say what it is or else well....you'll know our idea=P. And no it isn't squeeze bottle ketchup I realize that's been made. Or Peanut Butter Paintballs. We are still doing pyshics in class.....really boring. Hmm.....that was basically it....then lunch *DING DING*  Well today Jason came out for lunch with us....and we went to Galleria. Lots of talk about the big trade the Leafs and Rangers made. Brian Leetch w/ the Leafs........they actually have a chance at the cup now I think. And Sergei Gonchar with the Bruins.......two new stacked teams....COMPETITION. And of course the no name trade Edmonton made lol. I don't even care about them.  By the way I'm talking about the NHL if you still don't know what I'm talking about. So yeah today we went to Galleria to eat......and then headed back to school. Oh yeah Mike wasn't there today.....so the scapegoat of making fun of someone was........the one and only.......AMERICAN POSING.........JOHN THOMPSON! Yeah everyone made fun of him lol.  Bio Class.......BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOORRRRRRRRIIIIIIIINNNNNNNNGGGGGGGG. Another presentation.......well actually this one was kinda amusing.....they were talking about narcotics lol. But even if I wanted to nap I wouldn't have been able to. Holy crap Adam Ozvald sniffles once every 5 seconds....for his presentation he'd sound like this:  "Nicotine *sniff* is a form of depre*sniff*ssant.*sniff*It acts as a *sniff* depressant as it *sniff* causes *sniff* you to not *sniff sniff* have as *sniff* great of *sniff* senses *sniff sniff sniff* as usual"....*SNORT*  So yeah even if I tried to sleep......I woulda been woken up by the constant sniffling. Half the class was kinda giggling 'bout it too. Robert was gonna suggest to tell him to blow his nose....but didn't as he thought it might "offend" Adam. But in a way I think he shoulda to put Adam out of the misery he didn't know about. Oh well.....it's over now anyways. I really need to start working on the project, which me and Robert did after school.  So now to English Class....normally. However I had a guidance appointment first...so first to that....  *Running to Guidance Office...Zing.*  And now I'm sitting in Ms. Fallon's guidance office. Yeah I really needed this guidance appointment. I kinda let everything compact itself in so I never really thought about guidance until now....where I would have a 50 minute appointment lol. So basically I'd talk about how instead of pure business.....I may drop Co-op now and take Chem and Bio. It's an idea....I guess. I mean....now I have three fields I could enter: Business, Law, and Sciences. Bah but I wanted something with psychology. It's actually becoming kinda interesting....the whole neurology thing/psychology thing.....pretty cool stuff. I guess office work is starting to look.....bland I guess. But it's cool too.....with the whole competition thing. Oh well I still have until late April to figure it out....so yeah...this is gonna be one huge prayer request...just for God to help me organize out my future for me....for those praying people out there. Yeah so that was basically the whole guidance appointment......50 minutes of talking aboutwhat I wanna do with my life. The bottom line: Keep my horizon broad.  And now that I'm done that...........back to English class. Listened to some book reports. Read Romeo and Juliet. *ZZZZzzzZzzZZZZzzZZzz.* We are up to the part where Friar Lawrence plans to fake Juliet's death. Boring. REALLY Boring. I hate this stupid 500 year old play....so useless.  So yeah had to suffer that for only about 20 minutes instead of the standard 70  becuz of guidance ^_^. And then me and Rob went to the library to start our bio project on malnutrition.  Not much to say.....we researched and took notes....not much else. No one's there on Thursdays for some reason.  Bused.....came home......hmm.......yeah after school life consisted of TV, SC, piano practice, and some homework.  Yeah your typical Joe Chan day....with guidance added and some funny parts to today's school day. And now.....yeah I think I'm gonna sleep early for once....or do some more piano practicing. Later.
     

    



       
       3/3/04   Tiring days make Joe.......well tired.   Bah another Wednesday. Wednesdays are probably the most hated days in my life. I mean just the fact it mocks you by saying you're only halfway through the week already peeves me off enough. Then again it's an indication its halfway through the week.....so only two more days before weekend lol. But also it's the fact that I have band *shudder* plus theory *double shudder.* Yeah that's why I hate Wednesdays. Average day lasts from 6am-11pm. VERY boring and tiring. But today actually wasn't horrifying....just tiring. I haven't got good sleep for the whole week, and today was no exception.  This morning I was debating about whether or not I should go to band. For some reason I decided reluctantly to go......and I did. We played actually very well this morning though. I was really surprised. And I was happy it was day 1...don't have to suffer in the same place for over two hours. Oh yeah....and up until now I don't know what the heck that green jersey I bought was of. It's just green......and it says #6 on the back. It's a nice shirt though, looked it up on foot locker. Apparently it's a Boston shooting shirt? Shooting=? Meh it's a nice shirt so I'm not complaining lol. Some people thought baseball, and others thought Rugby. I truly don't know lol. Footlocker.com says its a "Boston Shooting Jersey." Celtics? *shrug.* Who cares really it's a shirt lol. Anyways off to history...  We talked about Battle of Britain today. FINALLY a battle. The French lost so badly in the war that Ms. Manson didn't even bother talking about them really lol. Just talked about how they failed. We watched a video. History is biased.....since it was basically showing Britain's glory. Though it's true Britain whooped Germany's ass. If Hitler never PMSed though and started bombing London instead of the defenses though on Britain.....I think he could have won. But since he PMSed, and attacked London, his landing never came. He did the same with Russia. Some people say Hitler attacked Russia because he lost in a game of poker to Stalin. Yeah history zoomed by sorta.....slowly. I can see why now though Britain lived....with Hitler making a stupid descision like that. Oh well off to civics.  Learned about gov't more......blah blah. Boring. Went on computers to do some research on our government. Whoo.  Lunch....well I'm cutting funding this week and next week.....hoping to save at least 200 for Toronto and TC. I'm at 190.......so yeah I'm cutting back on food lol.  So I had fries and coffee.....what a weird combo it is. Thompson had shitty pancakes from International Soups today, and Nate and Mike had BK and Subway. Mike left early for some reason, but after he left me Thompson and Nate started talking about starting a playoff pool for NHL. And then we left for school.  Math class........it was usual. Mike was being a Jackass, everyone was a jackass to Thompson *lol* and Mike said to Courtney that she needs PMS pills. Yeah our math class is getting more and more hostile each day.  And programming......was pretty entertaining lol. We got an extra day to work on our project....and I kinda missed guidance cuz of it =P. Lol it was funny though. Pokan found out Icy's password for Friendster, and then was gonna change it......and for 40 minutes Icy was struggling to keep Pokan and Hermann from changing her PW lol. Then Pokan found out that her password worked for ALL her comp things...MSN, Hotmail, Login name for Comp, etc. So Icy was basically PMSing the whole class......and actually viciously attacked Pokan lmao. Funny watching though. And it's funny how biased Mr. Dayus is lol. He'll get Pokan in trouble......but NEVER Icy. She's always "good." *Cough*. *HACK HACK COUGH.* That was basically main highlight of programming class. I still have to finish up Hyperstudio project. Hmm.....other than that.....yeah the main highlight was the Icy vs. Pokan n' Hermann warz. They are friends but seem so hostile to one another. True blue friendship lol.  Then bused home w/ Ryan. Too tired to go to library.  And now I'm home. See I'm tired....and I can't think of much else to say about my day. And now I'm gonna go nap. Later.
     

    



       
       3/2/04   And still counting down to TC   Yeah you're gonna have to live with my crummy titles for the next....two weeks or so. I can't really think of anything else right now except TC 2004. I can't pay attention in school even. I just doze off and think about how great it's gonna be. Then again...today did have its points where it was kinda amusing....but really I don't like Tuesdays.....the lead to stupid Band Wednesdays.  I've also now concluded......I'm one of the sole survivors of bloggers. Many of my friends have either stopped blogging or have not updated in a while. I don't blame em though....these few weeks have been tough. Well some people that I know of that have stopped blogging.....Jenn. And long-time-no-updaters are Jason, Gavin and Josh. Like I said though I'm not gonna like YELL at them or anything....these weeks have been tough.....and I've been averaging only 6 hours of sleep a night. I'm like a UWO student.....but not quite because I still have food=P. But onto my day......and I'll talk about university when I'm in university.  Life's been a bit hard lately like I've said. I don't get why since report cards are coming out in 3 days, but my teachers are bombarding me with so much crap....that I haven't had much time for drumming or piano. Breaking I still go on Fridays, but at home......not many places to practice since the cars in the garage.  Starting off in the morning....got to school like usual, and Hammond apparently set up everything for the weekend. Wow. Problem is: I can't go cuz it's when HYPE is =P. Also it's at my house......so both ways I'm having fun. So really I'm not complaining about not being able to go to Hammond's lol. I mean in both cases I get food, and have fun. HYPE has always been as blast since it came about. So yeah.....can't go to Hammond's and I'm still with HYPE =P.  Well today in music....we kinda merged classes in the end and that was the main highlight. We played for a bit, and then heard some song on a CD. Then came announcements.  And in science.......MR. CURPHEY'S BACK! No more of some retired Saunders teacher called Mr. Roxburgh. *Shudder* that guy was weird. He seemed to not understand we're in grade 10 math and would make an equation look so hard. Well since he taught us most of the motion unit so far, we don't know much, and most of us didn't do amazing on the Science quiz we had. Amazingly I got perfect! 100%! I was surprised, but not complaining lol. But yeah Mr. Curphey's now on crutches, hobbling around the classroom and still teaching us like his usual self. Lol it's kinda funny cuz we can kinda go milling about in the room and he can't do much about it. Rhoden abused this priviledge by chatting to almost every kid on the left side of the classroom, and by the time Mr. Curphey could hobble over there, Justin would mockingly pretend to hobble away. Yeah Mr. Curphey seems to be having a hard time, but it's cool to see him back. Some kids signed his cast also. And my mark is still at a healthy 87^_^.  Lunch...we went to McD's since it was Big Mac day. Not much amusing stuff happened at lunch....since now there's no  snow bank to be pushed in, and we all know if we push each other in mud, the other guy's gonna die once the muddy dude gets back up. Uhh....oh yeah but Jason came out for lunch today also. We talked about SC at lunch sadly lol.....but eventually we got in a huge convo/debate about how Chinese has no alphabet, and Nate didn't seem to get it. He kept wondering how we write stuff if we don't have an alphabet lol. But yeah in the end I think he finally understood we use CHARACTERS and not every language is based on ENGLISH RULES.  Bio class Melissa's group went today for seminars. Our group really has to start working on ours. It was REALLY BORING though. I slept through most of class.....and most of science class too. I've had good naps in class lately ^_^. Not good though for learning but meh.  English.....handed in book report, and watched the very few people that chose to, do their oral book reports. Yeah all of them were just winging it. Funny though lol. And then she gaves us 40 minutes to complete 17 Romeo & Juliet Q's. Fun. Not. I only got up to 14 and had to hand em in then.  Well now after school. We WERE supposed to Session for a bit....but I dunno where the heck Spencer went, or the twins. Saw Meaghan Tanner....apparently she broke her wrist. Ow. Hope that gets better soon. And then walked outside, about to begin my trek to my bus stop when WHAM! WTH!? Twins were outside!? *Shudder* oh well no session apparently. They had to go places. Anyways.....chatted w/ em for a bit then headed for bus stop. Yeah I'm really tired by now....but I wouldn't sleep as when I got home.....  I ate food. Then went on SC. I was REALLY bored tonight and didn't feel like doing any work, so now I'm really behind in piano theory and practicing=P. Least I got no day 2 h/w, except that stupid science crap. Well then yeah I played a few games of SC, wasn't too bad had a few fun ones. In one game I was playing against all hackers which pissed me off, and John and Age, so I started hacking as much as I could. Stacking, Map Hacking, not letting anyone do anything without my consent or Jason's.....yeah Arve and his friend got really pissed off. But yeah I proved my point in a way. Hacking is really gay. Arve was PMSing afterwards lol. So did that for a while, and then ate, and then played w/ Jeff and some other dudes on SC again, and then h/w. Oh yeah and some piano somewhere in there. Family guy tonight was a repeat.  Hmm yeah school days aren't that exciting. No blog right now even comes close to matching my Huntsville one. Well....I know for a fact TC 2004 will match it=P. Or even exceed it. So much Spiritual growth can happen at that retreat/conference. Last year I still remember....the retreat convinced me that I had to go to service every Sunday, which I'm thankful it did. I mean....without going to church service......How would I have ever gotten closer to Christ? Anyways yeah can't wait till then..and sleepin' early tonight. Band tomorrow....so catch you people later.
     

    



       
       3/1/04   Whoa....March already? Wow.   Yes....I bet you're surprised too. And I'm surprised that I still find the will to blog at 11:45 at night. I guess typing up that book report of mine really spurred my typing fingers right now. I really don't wanna stop typing right now lol. Normally right now I'd do a jot note blog, but nope not today....this is gonna be full length, UNCUT, UNRATED, UN....umm....RELIABLE MEMORY! Well somewhat reliable=P.  But though this is supposed to be a normal blog, it's gonna be somehwat short because I REALLY want to sleep. So to make my morning short......it was a typical morning. Waking up was REALLY difficult today.  But I managed....and still got to school early so I'm ok =P.  History class we are going more "in depth" into WWII. I'm surprised how Canadian history actually tells of how lazy the Allies were in the beginning of the war and would even mention the "Phony War" at the beginning where the Allies declared war, but then didn't do anything basically. WWII history can be somewhat boring....since we haven't even hit Pearl Harbour yet. And also I'm a pretty big WWII history buff, so right now this stuff is LAME. I only like the parts where guns are the focal point. We watched a pretty interesting movie though. This Russian somehow disguised himself as a German and was sent to Hitler Youth. The movie showed the Hitlter Youth camps, and wow.....they are twisted. Also got history test of the Dirty 30's back...I GOT 100% SOMEHOW! WOW! AMAZING! YES MY MARK WILL GO UP NOW! Hmm.......and then Civics class.  Don't really remember what we did today.....OH YEAH wrote a stupid note on Canadian government hierachy basically. CANADIAN PM MAKES 140,000 A YEAR FOR SITTING ON HIS BUTT APPOINTING PEOPLE TO DO STUFF! Ugh.....how unbalanced this world is. I should make that much going to school. Oh yeah and the fact that our Governor General spent 1 million dollars of OUR TAXPAYER MONEY for a 3 week vacation in Europe. You wonder why Canada can't afford an army. And the story of how one senator only went to work 12 times in 10 years and still got paid the same 70,000 a year plus a 10,500 tax free allowance and 64 free first class air tickets to anywhere in Canada. Wow......how corrupt our government is.  Lunch.......went to Galleria. Had pizza today. Interesting how there was an expo for volunteer organizations today. So I decided to pick up a form for London Public Library. Could work who knows? And also picked up a job application form from City Hall for summer job. Thompson got the two forms also.  Math we had a quiz. got 75%. *Shrug.*  Programming last day on working on project....now we gotta do it on our own time. GAY GAY GAY.  Today at home.......lounged around for a bit.....bought some new clothes from Winners *whoo* and then did h/w. And then now blogging.  *Yawn* yeah I'm gettin pretty tired now. Sorry if this blog sucks I realize it does too. I'm getting bored from typing it even. But I can't think at midnight.......MUST SLEEP! *WUMP*
     

    



       
       4/30/04   Another Friday of tiring self out   Relaxing Friday? PHHHT That hasn't been on the menu for a while lol. Friday's always consists of cramming for piano, UCC, and other various activities that seems to kill away my Fridays very quickly. Not that I don't like that.....in fact I enjoy it but time flies fast enough....ugh why does time have to seem to fly faster? It's like time puts on NOS boosters whenever I do something fun. But enough of the complaining...my day was.........pretty amusing I guess =P.  Senior band was much more interesting today. We played Godzilla Eats Las Vegas as opposed to the last 7 weeks where we practiced Vesuvius and our challenge pieces for Kiwanis. Gets so boring after 3 weeks....so yeah I'm happy that we have a change of course FINALLY. First time fully rehearsing Godzilla.........didn't sound bad actually. Sounds pretty cool actually I think =P. Senior band is a lot more exciting than Intermediate....as I've mentioned many times before. And also....  Apparently Senior band made the Kiwanis "Stars of the Festival" concert for Vesuvius. SHWEET! WE DID AN "OUTSTANDING" performance as described by Kiwanis. So after that excitement walked by....basically band was over....and Mrs. Wharton put on our recording of Vesuvius of our Senior Band on as 1st period music filed in for another day of productive "learning."  Music class we learned more about music history....nothing big. After that..........Mrs. Wharton announced that we will begin our quest to search for our solo piece for our final project. Hmm.....this year though we can't play anything too modern. Blast. So I'm stuck with pretty bland music for Trombone. All the songs are so crappy...and lame. So I decided to pretend to look like I was doing something class related....by looking through the crappy books we were provided with...and then thought "Ok...I'm goin' to Belle Air for music." Then I blared around on the piano for a bit..and class was over. Yes time flies.....then again it is Music....one class that I never like missing =P. Yeah also asked if I could play keys next year for Jazz band....but she would rather have me on Trombone. Ergh....  So after that good old science class *Shudder.* What a horrifying class. It's so lame especially when you're doing ECOLOGY. WHOA LOOK SNAKES EAT MICE....WHO THE HELL CARES?! I'D RATHER BE MORE AMUSED LOOKING AT THE FOOD I WILL BE INDULGING IN THE NEXT 60 MINUTES AFTER THIS RETARDED CLASS. *ding ding* YES THE BELL!  Lunch today: good old Galleria. Got one of those pancake breakfasts....which I haven't had in ages. So ate one of those......Mike had a sunburn so smacked him across the back after he nearly pushed me into a garbage can.....and John hit Mike a few times too lol. Tip: When you have a sunburn..don't piss off your friends =P. Quick lunch.....I wanted Jasper's today though. Their food is startin' to really be good......mmmmm perogies and quesadillas....and pizza....mmmmmmmmmmmm.....................foooood...  Bio class was pretty lame. Watched some video we've watched already and I slept through most of it. Not very exciting....  English we started our exam guiding.....pretty fun I guess. Figured out me and Kurtis have the Oct. 12 as our B-days....which means I ain't the only kid that doesn't have their G1 till then. Nothing much really happens in english....read a bit....and today we are just preparing for our essay exam......*shrug*  After school......headed for home. Took the bus w/ Ryan and we decided to meet up at the park to play some ball after school. So got home....quickly grabbed a sandwich to eat...then headed out for the park...  Played some ball for 'bout 40 minutes or so....then we left. Well he left first....then I left 10 minutes later. Eventually though I'd still end up playing a bit more ball when I headed to UCC....except basically me and Dan were the only people @ UCC playing ball lol. So went home.......did some stuff around the house...piano,drums,etc. and then headed out to UCC after a dinner of a omlette that sorta resembled a Western omlette   No breakin' tonite....just workin' out w/ Marcello and Dan and then some ball on my own since no one seems to be at UWO now since everyone's GONE. So did some cardio...weights *my arms are useless right now literally* and then balled. Then went home...  And here I am....desperately trying to organize everything for the weekend. HYPE schedule....praise for Sunday....etc. Yeah I really feel like a secretary right now....only thing I'm missing is a phone headset and a coffee machine. Later.
     

    



       
       4/29/04   HYPE for May-June: All Wendy and Kendrick lol   School may not have been exciting today....but after school life was pretty amusing. Well it wasn't my average Thursday at least.....had to go to Josh's to plan for HYPE over the summer. Then after that.......explored for the first time the Adidas Outlet store down on Fanshawe Park....which I thought pretty much sucked. But school did have its bright side I guess.....I think I aced a trigonometry test....and Mr. Brown subbing for Civics is pretty funny. Anywho for the rest of my day...  I woke up at 720 this morning like usual time......and I actually felt refreshed from a good night's sleep for once. I think I was talking in my sleep last night though......well for some reason I recall doing that...plus my mom thought she heard me talking to myself in my sleep. Heh haven't done that in ages....last time I recall doing that was grade 5. So anyways after pondering for a few minutes about whether I was talking out loud while sleeping or not....I finally decided that I did and then headed downstairs for my breakfast...I ate that...and then morning routine...and then headed to school.  At school......well I got there somewhat early today....and then headed into History class after chatting with Pourier about yesterday's Kiwanis....which like I said we blew total crap. After that headed upstairs then...and then headed into history.....preparing for the dreaded test that we......  DON'T HAVE?! AUGH IT'S POSTPONED AGAIN! Actually wait.....SHWEET IT'S POSTPONED AGAIN! Though I wasted one hour doing something I didn't have to do.......at least I have more time to study now =). Apparently Ms. Manson was at a track meet......so Mr. Campbell came into teach us today. Apparently last class they watched the Nuremburg trials....which are REALLY pointless and lame. I mean why would you charged someone for murder when they were under order to? It's not THEIR fault that Hitler told them to...if they didn't they would have died. That's what I really don't get about these trials....and apparently some people even now are still trying to hunt down the Nazi veterans. Their 90 now for crying out loud leave them be! Might as well let them live out their old.....quiet lives now. Well after finishing that stupid movie *most of them got hanged* we then had Mrs. Bailey come in. *Shudder* she's loud....old....and annoying. She's like your typical old person. She tells us to shut up....and then 5 minutes later she starts blabbering. Ugh can she ever shut up....she's worst than those FOBS at Weldon Library that Cynthia described in her blog. I mean talk is good.....but when your teacher is blabbing about economics in history class.....and about how London has no outlet stores though it does......it kinda ticks me off sometimes. She seems crazy sometimes too. Well after history though.....we had another two sub teachers for Civics...  Civics never seems to liven up. Watching a video with some kid narrarating how Parliament is "exciting" doesn't make life much more exciting in that drab Room 308 during civics class. Then after the video though.....Mr. Brown came in to teach a bit of civics. Somehow....he actually made it seem exciting. He imitated some parliament dudes which got us all kinda laughing plus he also talked about USEFUL things....like how much a MP gets paid....which is apparently a CRAPLOAD. I can see why law class is pretty popular @ Central. He's a pretty cool teacher. Well after a quick 40 minutes or so with him teaching....it was lunch. Fastest civics class ever I think happened today =P.  For lunch....well Nate headed to Stobie's so me and John headed to Jasper's. Brescia came too...but she had to walk to a bus stop....apparently she forgot something at home lol. Had a pizza at Jasper's today that was REALLY good and John apparently got addicted to Chimichangas...or however you spell it. You know.....deep fried wrap w/ chili and stuff and you serve it with sour cream or salsa? Anyways he said it's REALLY good...but the pizza at Jasper's ain't bad either. Monica, Maisie and Pokan came to Jasper's too....and apparently Pokan and Monica were figuring out their essays or sometin' for their english class. HAH we do ours next Thursday lol. So for today I studied trig @ lunch....and then after a bit me and John headed back to school for our math test.....  Math test: was easier than I thought. Hmm it's kinda funny......but it seems as though as my Spiritual Life grows....school stress seems to lessen and lessen more. God really makes his presence when you ask him for it. Well I believe that at least anyways if you don't....but really last few months....entrusting Christ with more and more of my life....things have really been flowing as well as water flowing through a river. Today's test seemed to be fairly easy....and I hope that Mike did alright also. Well it SEEMED easy at least....who knows maybe I did everything wrong lol....hope not though. Well after the test.....  PROGRAMMING! Like usual......much typing.....and trying to crunch the many Syntax errors within my program down. Eventually with the help of Mr. Dayus I solved the problems.....and now we are onto a project where we have to animate a whole animation thing. I was gonna do Super Mario....but decided that's too hard so I'm gonna maybe make a robber steal something.....or maybe a plane. *Shrug* I'll figure it out later....my head was hurting at the time.  So after school now....WHOOOOO! Took Springbank up to Josh's. Realized two things while on bus:  1)Bus drivers in London are much more polite than Toronto drivers 2)Reading PDL seems so much easier on a bus than at home  I don't see how......but reading Purpose Driven Life is so much easier on bus. Not as many distractions as at home.....plus it's so quiet on the bus....at home there's TV....Compy....MSN's constant *doo doo doo* or something like that. And the bus driver started talking to me. Like a regular daily convo. Well me being a loudmouth I started talking also....and before I knew it 30 minutes had passed....and I was at my stop. In Toronto it took forever for me to even just get a transfer lol. So like I said....before I knew it I was already at my stop. Talked to Justin Deyell while on the bus.....plus some girl that I don't remember that somehow remembers me from Pearson. Don't really know her name...but I've seen her around school once or twice.  So after walking up this massive hill to Josh's place....FINALLY started our meeting for HYPE planning. This will be the last one Ali will attend....and also the first one for our summer term. Surprisingly everyone was early lol....so Wendy's plan worked haha. Basically planned out HYPE for May and June....mostly Kendrick and Wendy will handle it *with Theresa "guest-starring" a few times* and also we talked a lot about the three kids comin' in from Sunday School group in September. Also a few pondered about whether we will have new counselors next year. Hmm...so far our summer seems pretty relaxed compared to school year HYPE....and yeah we'll be packing lots of fun nights and stuff lol....mostly because well....IT'S SUMMER! Everyone's lazy =P.  Got a ride back to my place from Kendrick.....before that though we all stopped at Fast Eddie's for some burgers and fries. Seems to be a favourite place for UWO students to go to lol....plus I think now that that would be the last time I'll see Ali as part of HYPE. Didn't realize that at the moment....but now that I think about it....yeah I think it was. Bummer. Kinda funny but I think I'm the last HYPEr to see Ali before she's leavin'. Oh well...time must move on I guess....and as that cheesy drama saying goes "The show must go on."  Afterwards made my first ever trip to Adidas Outlet store...which really isn't that grand and then headed home....  and now I'm here. Bloggin' yet again. Sleepin' soon though since I got band tomorrow....gonna watch a bit of hockey though if it's on. Wonder if the games are over yet? *shrug* Later people.
     

    



       
       4/28/04   School? uhh...Oh yes right that =P   Hehe almost forgot about that government facility that over 5000 kids in London go to 5/7 days of the week. Why? Well simply because I barely went to school today lol. Oh yes.....the Kiwanis festival has once again pulled me out of class and killed 4/5 of my schoolday, since today was also Early Dismissal. With all that into play, I was in school today for a total of......100 minutes? =P.  My day started off with brass ensemble this morning.....and would be our only time rehearsing for our Kiwanis class later on in the morning lol. So got up.....trudged outta bed.......morning routine and *zing* I was off to school...  Ergh.......now sitting in room 125 like every other band rehearsal.....and we sound like crap. With the added problems like half of the people can't count....and another few I don't understand why they are in Gr. 10 music.....we took one hour to rehearse the one and only song we are performing and we still sounded like crap. So after that grueling one hour practice......we sat in music class.....  for the duration of 50 minutes that it lasts. Then.......OFF TO KIWANIS! WHO CARES IF WE SUCK......AT LEAST WE ARE MISSING CLASS.........and there's nothing anyone can do about it =P. Oh yeah something interesting in announcements today:   ME AND JOHN MADE 7TH PLACE IN GUYS DOUBLES IN TVRAA!=)   That's one place higher than our original seeding! AND WE ARE IN TOP 10! WHOOOOOO! So we didn't do AS  bad as thought.....which is good. So there....some hope for me and John's badminton career =P.  Summarizing today's Kiwanis in one word: Crap. Total Crap. Finlan's trombone skillz would actually look mediocre for once if he played today.......so after a lecture about how we sucked, and what we could improve from our total suckage we left the Salvation Army Citadel....and sat on their lawn waiting for the bus. The bus ride there and back was filled with many various convos.......ranging from chicks to Star Trek.....and Family Guy. Yeah the minds of various gr. 10's. So vast and bubbling with so many...uhh.....already existent ideas and stereotypical thoughts =P.  SO arriving back to school..........ARGH 40 MINUTES LEFT OF SCHOOL! Was gonna go out for lunch....but some people from Kiwanis went back to class already so it'd be kinda funny how I didn't make it yet the others did. English class consisted of reading though so no biggie. Rain Fall is getting to be a better and better  book now....plus Fried Green Tomatoes is kinda picking up also. Reading's becoming a DECENT pastime now =P. But 40 minutes passes by quickly.....as this paragraph will. POOF!  YAY NO MORE SCHOOL FOR A DURATION OF MANY HOURS! After school......I was gonna go ball w/ Jason @ UCC.....but Indoor Soccer had its time at UCC after school. So for alternate plan: LAN gaming at Head 2 Head. Met up with John...and headed out to downtown. Actually......UCC was 2nd plan come to think of it, since me and John planned to go gaming earlier =P. Oh well anyways to the subject.....stopped at Jaspers for lunch...where eventually we cancelled and John ended up getting a Java for no reason....and headed to Head 2 Head.....where lunch would consist of microwavable food *hot dogs and mini pizzas =P......mmmmm the unhealthy goodness=P.* First up on our gaming list: C&C Generals....  As we kept going on playing various games.......it started raining outside. Lauren would tell me later at theory that it was apparently freezing rain and hail...and she had to bike in it. Poor kiddo lol. Jason would eventually head off to play SC.....while me and John went to play some Quake III....  Our contrasting gaming styles once again cause John to win...but I killed him a few times =P.  Then: BF1942. Jason would join in this too...and we played mostly holdout maps *D-Day* and urban fights *Stalingrad and Berlin.* It's kinda cool though how realistic programming has got over the years.....I still remember back when......well Doom was 2D lol. So we played BF for a bit...then went on to BFV.....where backstabbing became a trend for us lol.  Yeah we pretty much made a good looking game look its worst. We butchered it a lot with stupid acts like sinking our own boat, fighting each other and roadkilling one another. John was driving full steam into me with a jeep....I machine gunned him....eventually we both died lol. Head 2 Head I don't think will ever get boring.........may sound geeky but meh games can still be fun every once in a while =P. I'm not 40 just yet hehe.  And so home......after tiring gaming....slept lol.  *2 hours later*  THEORY CLASS. Whoo. Didn't do much....overlooked papers......and hoped for the best as May 8th slowly comes closer. Hmm......only a week left......and I still need to do a few papers lol......I should be  done soon though....only got a few questions left =P. Cramming rules haha...  Anyways back home now....cramming for history and overlookin' trigonometry stuff. Goin' to bed now though....hehe prayers for my history test and math test to go well....God I know you're with me......and I really hope you'll help me and whoever else with these upcoming tests. Last month and half of school left.....as Simon on his blog said for his UWO exams:  HOME STRETCH!  This right now feels like the home stretch.....last 100m before Summer Holidays! HURRY UP!  Sayonara.
     

    



       
       4/27/04   Conference Today....GRRR NO WOSSAA!   Argh......the bitter taste of loss when it's just so close to a victory. When you get eliminated by STA 1 and then lose to Saunders 3.....yeah it really sucks. I feel like the Red Wings right now back in 2003 when the Ducks killed them in a 4-0 series. Ergh......and I was so close to making quarters. If only we got by them....cuz next team I know we coulda won. Oh well.....we made a decent run for 8th seeded team I guess. I'm surprised we even got seeded lol.....we went to one quad meet and *POOF* we are in 8th place. Well though me and John's hopes are now crushed for making guys doubles in WOSSAA.....there's still next year......or the year after that. Hopefully in one of them we make it. This spring/summer: Badminton Practice.....LOTS of it. Plus volunteer work/basketball/usual stuff I do in summer. But other than that....BADMINTON lol. On the bright side though.....least I got to miss school =).  Though school wasn't on the menu today.....I still had to wake up at 7:20 to get ready for badminton. Lucky I packed everything last night.....so this morning I just had to jump in the car and go on my way to STA. Breakfast this morning consist of rice.....and some other stuff since I wanted carbs....as so rumours say a carb meal is good before sports. So after that....quickly brushed my teeth n' stuff and then headed out....all set and ready for the day that lies of head for badmintonage.  Got to STA around......8ish? Saw Meaghan struggling to find an entrance so we eventually found the front entrance. STA's announcements are much different from ours. After the anthem they seem to say something......like a prayer of some sort before the day starts. I didn't know so when I began walking and then heads turned....yeah I realized something was different lol. Plus I was actually kinda amazed that kids are independently standing in the middle of the halls for the anthem. At Central....if a teacher doesn't see you.....normally kids will just walk to wherever they are going. I was surprised that students actually showed respect during the anthem. Maybe Catholic Schools do have something different. *Shrug* Well after that headed around the school.....trying to find the gym in a school seeming to be 4x the size of Central. Eventually we managed to....and......  WOW THEIR GYM IS SMALL. Well compared to Saunders. Maybe every gym is this size around town....but their gym seemed somewhat small. So warmed up.....rallied a bit with John.....and then talked to the people I know there. Calvin, and the few who I've played before already. The dude quickly made a few announcements *the organizer* and then....LET THE GAMES BEGIN. So grabbed my Gatorade, raquet, and headed to Game 1 of the day: Central 1 *me and John* Vs. CCH 3.  Not being in competition badminton for a year.....I felt kinda shaky. But as we rallied, and then got into our game face.....the game blew by pretty quickly. Two quick victories of 11-2 and 11-1. Fun fun ^_^. OOOOH so this is what guys doubles is like at conference level. So me and John....shining with our victory reported the score, and then waited for our next game....which wasn't for a while. So heaaded up to the mezzaine to watch the games......and we see Hermann. HUH? Yeah weird but guess he skipped school for badminton spectating. So talked to him for a bit, then Calvin, Pokan.....and then headed downstairs to get ready for 2nd game. Just before that though.....John apparently met his heavily-stoning partner...whatever the hell his name was.....but John seems to have lots of nicknames varying from Mophead to T-Time lol. After chattin' for a bit, we headed down then. Surprisingly.....Central's doubles teams would all make it through first round. SHWEET! lol.  And so to our 2nd game: Central 1 Vs. Holy Cross 1....  We whooped them lol. First game 11-2.....and I guess 2nd game they picked up the pace a bit so 11-7. Whew I was thinking "Crap......tiebreaker" but it never happened =). So won that....and up next.....the dreaded, and most infamous.....STA 1. *Eep*.  Before that though....a quick lunch =). Ate a granola bar+a Snickers, downed with nothing else but Gatorade.....mmmmmmm. Then Josh came down for his lunch also and chatted for a bit. Yeah he told us we were screwed......much the same way Calvin did:  "Have fun"  Why am I so intimidated by STA 1 you ask? Uhh.......*COUGH.*  Even though we had time of rest......OMG WE GOT OWNED lol.I can see why Josh and Calvin were pretty much anticipating my loss. They didn't look that good...Short kids.......and one seemed to be anorexic lol. I can see why he was nicknamed "Bones." Even with that though.....when gametime came.....1st set me and John got shut out for the first time in our lives. First time in my badminton career at least....and IT HURTS. Just knowing the fact that every serving attempt you had was wiped out by an onslaught of smashes, and you can't do anything about it since me and John only clear for smash reception.....yeah we lost pretty bad....and were pretty peeved cuz of it. 2nd game though, we did what no other team before us did.....  WE MANAGED TO PUT OURSELVES ON THE BOARD!  YES! 3 POINTS! THOUGH IT WAS A HUMILIATING 11-3 LOSS......BUT WE ARE NOW KNOWN AS THE ONLY TEAM TO HAVE SCORED 3 POINTS ON THEM! GING AAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Who cares if we lost....we did what no other team has managed to do yet =). We had this one mad play though during the 2nd match. Though I don't remember it really since I was the one diving.....but what pretty much happened was I received two smashes, dived for a third, then John took in 3 and then we took it home.....OUR FIRST POINT! In a REALLY good rally. Like I said before though...we got wrecked lol. And coaching did nothing since Ms. Bates seems to only state the obvious. Gah why couldn't our student coaches be here they actually PLAY badminton. Oh well.......least I lost knowing I lost to the 1st seeded team in the league....no Mighty Ducks story for me. You stay underdog....you lose underdog =P.  Yup.......now we are in elimination round......last team from Central to have it occur to us. First game we played: We played Central 2...  Yes.....the irony/crappiness of that. First game we play in elimination we play our own school. Plus after that game the victor plays either some other school or Central 3. So basically our school killed ourselves. Josh came down again after our loss to STA.....and actually congratulated me and John on our defense. WHOOOOO! We are now officially labeled:   DEFENSIVE TEAM CENTRAL!   "Least we are good at something" as Josh said. And it's true. 3/4 of the teams come with no technique, offense, or defense whatsoever. At least we had one half....and this summer we are hoping to develop the 2nd half. And so after that talk.....he had to head to class....and me and John had to prepare to whoop Finlan and Hughes' asses. Not the coolest thing playing your team....but we were victorious happy to know we owned Finlan in both games=). Team unity there eh lol.  And so the game began with us whooping them.....and it ended with us whooping them. The game was pretty one sided.....and we managed to really beat them pretty bad. Finlan doesn't move....and Alex really does try his hardest it seems.....but when you got a gimpy partner....yeah times can be difficult. So finally....me and John are the lone survivors from Central Secondary School in this conference final.....all the other teams are now gone....including our girls doubles squad which got chewed up pretty badly in the beginning few matches. And so after that victory......our final game was at hand: Central. Vs. the humiliating Saunders 3....where ironically we somehow lost.....we didn't bring our A game for sure....more like our B Game....or maybe C. Both ways......we sucked pretty badly.  It started with a crappy 3-0 run by them....where we eventually caught up but just couldnt keep the pace. Eventually we lost around 11-7.....which really sucked and in 2nd game we just blew it and loste11-4. It was pretty bad....and so that was the end to me and John's doubles badminton season. Beats last year at least...both of us crapped out much more than this year....and this year we actually managed to get past 2nd round.....WHOA!!!! Well he did....last year I got beaten out since my partner seems to struggle at figuring out how to hold a badminton raquet.  So then we stopped at Angelo's....bought some food and then gave him a lift back home and I went home...ate then slept.  *Three hours later*  Here I am blogging once again...bleh today had its good times and its bad times. We had our good beginning run but then was abruptly shut down by STA....and then got our bags packed by STA. *Sigh* oh well there's next year still and gr. 12 like I said....so two more chances of making regional finals.....er actually provincial in senior and then it's over for me and high school badminton.  Now I go eat dinner and then do homework. WHOO HOO early dismissal tomorrow! Can't wait =).  Cya.
     

    



       
       4/26/04   One more Kiwanis event to go.....AND FINALLY I SEE GOLD!   After some nervous playing....and fumbling with the trombone slide....I FINALLY SEE GOLD AT KIWANIS WITH SENIOR BAND! Now at first....I was kinda expecting a silver since we had the same communist-like adjudicators as when Intermediate band played....but once we heard Lucas got Gold....I started thinking "YES WE HAVE A CHANCE!" And we did =). Central got gold....PLUS A TROPHY! Ahh yes....so Kiwanis now I've got a glimpse at every sort of make-believe Kiwanis earth metal there is. I've technically got 1 Gold, 4 Silvers, and 1 Bronze. This is including band stuff and my regular stuff. So if I had Kiwanis bling....I'd be blingified =P. Plus I missed lots of school.....production at its best =P.  So my day today started with the awakening of me around 7:20 or so. Ate, morning routine, and then headed out the door.....carrying a whole bunch of crap for school today. Badminton stuff, music stuff, school stuff, other stuff....like I said lots of stuff. Hmm dunno why but I was pretty cheery today....guess I was excited for Kiwanis....plus NO SCHOOL TOMORROW *badminton conference *AND EARLY DISMISSAL WEDNESDAY. OOOOOOOOH yes...sweet sweet luxury of no school =)....or very little.  Well after dumping most of my junk in my locker, I preceded heading to first period: Music Class. Mostly all we did today was listen to our performance on Thursday......which was pretty bad. That was Communism day....and it sucked. No worries though I'm not complaining THAT much about it....since I guess we're lucky we didn't get Bronze. Would have been humiliating being only school with a bronze...especially being Central. So we talked about how we sucked, and how we did DECENT I guess.....and then some music history! Whoo. I just LOVE learning about the music periods *not.*  After that class.....SCIENCE. Slept through some video about endangered Species. Don't remember much. For some reason there was an ant infestation near my desk. Squashed most of em....reminded me of SST commercials in the movie lol. Science class....argh how I wish the school year would end quicker. I've survived 7 months of this crap already....JUST ONE MORE MONTH! Er.....1 and a half or so.  Lunch: Well I was thinking of playing Baddy @ lunch....but couldn't resist going to Jasper's for lunch. Especially today....I definitely don't regret going out for lunch. PEROGIES ON SPECIAL!?!?!?!? Mmmmm.....who cares if it was $6.00?! THEY'RE PEROGIES! Plus I got a Caesar Salad. Oh yes....who cares about badminton when you have FOOD?! GOOD FOOD! Mmm.....Perogies ^_^.  After lunch.....afternoon went sorta like this:  Bio class: note-taking + tirendess makes Joe tired. Not many jokes today or anything....pretty below-average class. We did some note taking. Oh yeah and I took down a whole note....AND THEN FIND THE HANDOUT AFTERWARDS IN MY BINDER. ARGH! STUPID UNORGANIZATION *whaps head on table* OW!  English class.....since we were supposed to be doing exams but they are postponed for various reasons.......we read....a crapload. And first day of "what are you reading" book reports. Random choosing of people to talk about their book. Whitney and Mike I remember went up...and I think Lilian was the last person. Looks easy enough....all that happens is we get interrogated about our book, and then sit down and she writes down a mark. Beats writing out reports =P.  After English.....yeah picked up Senior band uniform and then Stage Band X practice. Ran through some songs.....went over adjudication for Stage Band X and then baddy practice. Not much happened. My whole after school was quite a blur. Went home then to eat and then headed out for senior band which I've talked about already.  Anyways I'm out for  the night. Gotta sleep early for baddy conference tomorrow. Wish me Luck! Gavin managed to make it to WOSSAA for singles....Hope me and Mophead can do the same for doubles =). Later.
     

    



       
       4/25/04   Two more days until conference...   Though this may not be exciting or nerve-racking for some....but for me.....a average badminton player who's playing doubles this year....I WANNA MAKE IT INTO WOSAA............if I can. Well....there's two more days....so quickly practice....and hope for the best I guess haha. Good day mostly today.....mostly badminton....plus some jamming w/ Gavin and of course church. Hmm guess a usual Sunday I guess...plus 5 hours of badminton....and just awaiting the time of Conference Finals...plus more Kiwanis still lol...  After catching some shut eye, I finally woke up around 830 or so and quickly ran around the house getting ready for church. Scrambling around for my things and gettin dressed and all......yeah by the time we headed out the door.....I was tired =P. So picked up Lina....and then drove down to Jason's to get him too....and then off we were. While passing by Mykono's this time....I ACTUALLY NOTICED IT! Unlike the usual "uh what's that dump?" Now that place has itself nestled into the food section of my brian =). Mmmm....foooood.  So finally getting to church....we were early...something we needed though since we had to haul in a thing or two into the church...mostly chairs we borrowed for BBQ. And then we headed upstairs....where umm a guest person was doing Praise & Worship. Originally I think Gavin was asked by Pastor Dale....but this weeks been REAL busy for many of us. With dinner, farewell for some HYPE members and for me Kiwanis and Badminton....life's been pretty hectic lol. But worship was still good....and today in the message we now have completed studying Phillipians. Our final memory verse from the of UWO school year:  "And my God will meet all your needs according to his glorious riches in Christ Jesus" -Phillipians 4:19  Today's sermon we learned about sharing, and one big thing that caught my attention was though Paul SEEMED like he'd be a hated man going through so much suffering for Christ, so many Christians back then supported him with so much. So suffering for Christ....in return you do get rewarded and God does have backup planned for you =).  After that we went downstairs, chatted....then headed into Sunday school where we learned about Jonah today. So far in the book.....we just got past the part where he gets eaten by the GIANT FISH....not WHALE. Afterwards.....well me, Jason, and Calvin may have a Hoop-It-Up team this year haha.....but we still need to find a centre. Jacky said he may...so YES MAYBE we have a team already MAUHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA. Fiddled around with guitar *I CAN SUCCESSFULLY CHANGE FROM G, TO C, TO E-MINOR TO A NOW!* and then headed home....taking Gavin, Lina, and Jason also.  Well took Lina and J home....and Gavin came over for a bit of jamming w/ drums and geektar. Ate first of course....who can forget lunch and then jammed.....that's basically what we did for an hour, then played PS2, Compy, and then headed to badminton....  Now since I'm running low on time....and my eyes are struggling to stay above my pupils....I'll summarize my evening with this one word:  BADMINTON.  It's great =P.  Later.
     

    



       
       4/24/04   So much for adjusting back to normal life...   Heh seems like a ritorical statement I made yesterday about me going back to normal. Truthfully....after today....yeah a normal average Joe life still hasn't gone by. Today was just as hectic and crazy as any other day of this week lol. So today's Saturday was a really fun, exciting, and jumbled addition to the rest of my week. Very fun though......as mentioned before plus tried Greek cuisine for the first time in my life today...which I must say is GOOOOD!  With Kiwanis over, I decided to slack off this week from piano. It's kinda at the bottom of my list now with theory and other things to finish. so today.....being the lazy one that I am...I woke up around 1130ish. Ahh yes sleep....but then the annoyance of being waked up by the aroma of a barbecue getting up and running. Ok so not ANNOYING exactly but.....still disturbing lol. The aroma of BBQ sauce dripping into the fire, the sizzling of the steak being BBQ'd and all....yeeeeah it was a good aroma lol. So falling into the temptation *OH NO.....TEMPTATION* I quickly ran downstairs, grabbed a plate, rice, and quickly ran out to the wood deck to grab a piece of steak. Yeah savouring the previews to this afternoon's BBQ day for my English Service....mmmmmmmm good steak ^_^. So after eating that steak.....headed out the door for my usual Saturday piano lesson.  Lalalala.....yup at piano lessons now. Like usual congratulates me on my achievements in Kiwanis....and she even thought was total b/s how some girl won playing a piece that was out of the rules. Grr....coulda got two seconds =@! Oh well.....least I still won something I guess....not everything's a win win situation. Today didn't do much actual playing.....more of "Joe let's mark your theory....even though you're coming later!" So yeah now I've got all my theory marked....and I am still on my quest to complete final 5 papers. Pray for me to finish 'em by May 5th lol. Procrastination is not the key in this case =P. Oh yeah and apparently Mrs. Mitsis told that Helen person to look for me at  school because she needs help on Latin Prelude....which I'm pretty good at. OOOOK so she's not a stalker *whew* lol.  Got home after lesson.....and to my not-so-surprised self everyone was there at the BBQ already. Mmm....the food.....and everything....yeah good times this afternoon. So much steak....and the salad was pretty good too. Dad came through again for being the master chef he is.....and really cooked up a good meal today for everyone. Think 50 people showed up in the end.....pretty crowded out in backyard though. Fun times though....with all the jokes and stuff. The steak instantly reminded me, Josh and Gavin about Ju Pah.....lol plus we would be reminded @ Mykono's also =P. Oh yeah and I've now set the bar of insect classification as this:  "Anything below 5 feet is an insect..." *COUGHREBECCACOUGH!*  Well in the end that burn didn't work anyways....since she's past the 5 foot mark now lol....and Jenn I think just misses that mark too haha=P.  Well after eating...we headed downstairs to watch my newly bought movie....KILL BILL *again.* I've seen it 3 times already in two days....and the 3rd time watching it today was no different. I'm still somehow amused by the movie...  So yeah pretty much everyone thought was pretty good movie. Many think it's funny how the excessive blood squirting is amusing *I did a bit.....I mean it does sorta look like fruit punch* and also few of 'em liked my favourite part with the "Wiggle your big toe." I won't reveal much of the movie.....so go rent/buy it on your own =P. *Shudder* one downside/upside of showing the movie today though....  First the downside:  CALVIN CAN'T EVER SHUT UP DURING A MOVIE! Throughout the movie he'd honestly ask some of the dumbest questions ever. I mean not trying to be mean....but when someone's squirting litres of blood....THEY'RE DEAD CALVIN. Also CORN POPS DON'T RANDOMLY FIRE OUT LIKE A BULLET FROM THE BOTTOM OF THE CEREAL BOX.....as he somehow cluelessly thought does.  But the upside:  Calvin can never deny his somewhat often occuring stupidity ever again =P. This is going to haunt him for a while....and as Gavin says:  "You are now officially out of the movie watchers club. The club: everyone else."  Jokes jokes Calvin....but honestly smarten up at times lol.  So after watching the  movie for the 3rd time....it was four....wait....FOUR!? CRAP! And I quickly rush out to car and dad drove me to theory class....EMERGENCY THEORY CLASS. Everyone else was still at my place.....so don't know what they did lol. But on my perspective of the afternoon.....  Yup....so I got to my theory class late....but meh s'all good I'm only just trying to find some time to really cram in some theory....which I managed to do. Started paper 10, and did a lot in the other ones. Also chatted with the few people I knew there *NO ONE FROM THEORY 3 WHY!?* so managed to talk with Jaclyn and Lindsay while there lol. Though I'm mostly totally out of the bubble they have, there were a few things we could relate to. Normally I don't really see 'em much at school....hmm I think mainly because I guess I chill w/ different people? Not that I don't like em....actually they real cool people...just rarely seem em lol. So sat a round there until 5:15....where after a photo or two and grabbing a donut *something we get everytime at a theory "clinic" hobbled out of her house and then jumped in my car.....and off to Mykono's we go!  Judging this restaurant is like judging a book by its cover. The outside....when I saw it for the first time *er noticed it more like* my first thought:  "O M G I'm going to this dump for dinner on Saturday?"  Turns out I was totally wrong...the inside is actually pretty sweet.....and plus their little tented area where our HYPE group sat in....was pretty cool =P. So well....the HYPE counselors like usual arrived according to Chinese time *around 15 minutes late* and Ali couldn't manage to find Mykono's until she called Brian lol. Theresa thought the same as me also from what I heard about the whole...."eew we going to this shack?" but in the end it all worked out I think. Well at least for me it did....I don't complain about a restaurant that serves REALLY good food. Few people ordered souvlakis, one table just ordered an appetizer plate or two to share among themselves....Josh ordered this kickass Greek coffee and some steak meal...and I got myself Greek-Style Lasagna and a Frappe. Aww crap forgot the word for greek coffee w/out sugar now. But gotta try that next time. Coffee tasted like coffee....with a tang of "huong dow saah" *cheesy direct translation to "red bean dessert"* lol. My frappe was amazin'....plus the greek lasagna.....*mmm.....lasagna.* Oh yeah and Greek salad I've never actually known to be this good. Feta cheese on salad is actually a great combo. I think I'm gonna become a lover of Greek cuisine now after today...gotta go there again =P. Plus ONLY PLACE I'VE EVER SEEN IN LONDON THAT SELLS LAMB CHOPS! So those meats they sell at meat shops labelled "Lamb" does get business from some places lol.  So after that scrumptous and eye-opening dinner into a new world of cuisine....I hopped into Kendrick's car along with Dan, Jason, and Gavin and we headed to BKung's place. Lol but before that....the crazy car rides that Kendrick somehow manages. First off.....drag racing a Jetta Vs. Brian's Protoge....LOL hilarious. Jetta killed the little Jap Lawn Mower.....and we then stopped by at a Shopper's Drug Mart to buy some food and stuff for tonight....so did that....then back we went into Kendrick's Crayonmobile *it smells like crayons for some reason.* And off to Brian's.  *Sigh* yeah tonight's the last meeting for JT and Ali. We'll be missin' em a lot...and on a personal note:  Thanks JT and Ali for all you two have done for our HYPE group along with the other counselors. May Christ keep on shining within in you guys in whatever future paths you may step into. We'll all miss you always...and you both will be in my mind forever....with the amount of work you've put into helping LCAC grow furthermore and putting a HUGE stepping stone in my Walk of Faith....or if you want a big boost for me. Thanks a lot to both of you guys.....and keep in touch!  But before that....we had some time of fellowship. Tonight just getting closer with one another with many games and just chillin' with people. Played some Bible Pictionary, and then after that the card game "Killer." They then went on to play Yuker....but me, Jason, and some other people decided to hit the X-Box with Gotham racing and NBA Street. Lol Two point games with 12 second shot clock in NBA street were hilarious. In the end I think JT and Brian killed me and Jason but we pulled off some pretty sweet stuff still lol. Ali had to leave early though.....but we all still managed to sign her journal and JT's before the day was at end. Kinda cool though with the whole journal thing....I want one now lol. Hmm for now though.....we chilled....then headed out around 10pm or so....and this was basically where my day ended.   Hmm.......so guess now I'll be headin' to bed. Church tomorrow plus some badminton practice. Also gotta find my band uniform at Bud Gowan's tomorrow for Kiwanis on Tuesday. So hehe....until tomorrow's entry. Later people =).
     

    



       
       4/23/04   And the world revolves normally again *for me*   Hmm.....sometimes life  can seem to be turned upside down. When I say this I don't mean like "OH NO EVERYTHING'S GOING WRONG" I mean it more of a "FINALLY LIFE'S BACK TO ITS AVERAGE SELF." Usually I don't like normality of my days....but after this hectic week....normality can seem to be such a precious commodity. With 4 days of Kiwanis, badminton, catching up on history+civics, and a whole potpourri of other things....hehe yeah these last few days have been a blast though. So sometimes being out of the ordinary can really whoop ass. Who cares if Kiwanis turned out pretty crummy this year....this week also brought many other things into my life for me to see. I got to see disabilities of humans can never get in the way of achieveysments, see melf do decent in Kiwanis if not the school, Stage Band X beat out a senior jazz group, and of course.....SEE KILL BILL VOL. 1, which I'll elaborate on later. And also....seeing God's guidance and wisdom really fall on me as I could have never gone through this week with the ease and calmness that he provided. So props to him =).  Like I said....life is getting back to its normal route....which actually as I'm writing this entry now I'm starting to not like. This week has been fun *not just because I missed lots of school* but also because I got to see so many new things.....like me actually doing decent at Kiwanis, and learning that reading can actually be amusing at times. Too much to explain....as I will do throughout this blog...  SO CONTINUING FROM "Like I said..."  Senior Band this morning. Hehehe we play next week.....so yeah Kiwanis isn't over this year until near the very end for me. Like any other Tuesday, Wednesday or Friday I woke up at 630am, trudged out of bed, and slowly made my way downstairs for breakfast. Also like any other morning, I did my morning routine, got packed up and headed out the door, eyes still drooping and everything still seeming like a blur to me at 645am. Nothing too out of the ordinary for my mornings.....radio was talking about hockey games from last night....Leafs lost, Detroit lost *surprisingly* and Colorado lost   Band this morning: I'm actually starting to sound somewhat decent. Though there still are some parts I don't get in Vesuvius and Do Not Go Gentle Into That Good Night, but I'll figure that out in time =P. One thing though I'm happy for is the fact that Mrs. Wharton actually gave me opportunity to play in this band....SOOO MUCH MORE FUN than Intermediate band. Same as Stage Band X.....much more jokes and fun. Also it keeps me occupied.....so I don't start to do stupid things at home....like say drink up half a bottle of wine while on MSN like I did a while back....yeah that's about the extent of "Joe's No Life" goes: Being a poser of an alcoholic =P. After band had to make an appointment to get my uniform for Senior Band.....and then I headed to my first class of history this week.  WHOO! Didn't miss jack....who cares if I did anyways....WWII is a joke...kinda studied it back in grade 6 on my own time, plus Paul and Patrick's MOHAA addiction helped too. Hearing about it everyday between gr. 7-8 and also watching Band of Brothers helps you learn much about WWII. Apparently last 3 days they've been watching Schindler's List....a war movie made by Spielberg. Pretty good movie seeing the fact I only saw about 70 minutes of it so far....and the movies almost 3 hours. But it's not bad....I actually liked the part I watched....er saw. And we still aren't done.....more still for next Tuesday...though I'll miss it because of Badminton Conference....=). Hmm....downside of normal average day 1: double period in same room w/ same teacher. Ugh. Civics class is a drag....  Civics today: caught up on stuff I missed....which was about voting....and today we learned about elections. Pretty straightforward.....and I still think Civics is a waste of time. But we do get to go on a field trip =). Social Justice Conference.....something I was maybe planning to go to I'm now forced to go to. Basically it's a conference where you get to attend lectures about issues of today. *Shrug* I guess can't be that bad. I heard actually from people who went last year it's pretty fun. Something to look forward to I guess hehe. Other than that......Yup......watched a REALLY lame video and took more notes. I'm running out of paper and plus I think I'm gonna get Carpal Tunnel Syndrome from all this note-taking =S.  Lunchtime: went to go try on band uniform then head out for lunch.....OH CRAP BADMINTON MEETING! So I quickly rush upstairs....but it was over. Turns out she just needed to know the conflicts that badminton conference will have. For me: virtually none =P. So getting that by, me Nate and Mike ended up going to Stobie's today; a place I haven't been to since last November.....don't remember why...thought it was expensive back then. But seeing my spending habits now...it's a bargain for the quality food I get there. Their pizza's back up in tip top shape compared to before. Might go there more often now =P. Oh yeah Starbucks opened too today according to Natalie....wanna go there and give it a try. Mmmm......Frapuchinos ^_^.  Math: I did math. Nothing out of the ordinary. Trigonometry is a joke =P.  And Programming: I'm definitely not taking it next year.....as it is such a lame course. Comps suck...I hate Turing....and our class is sometimes so friggin' retarded you can't get any work done anyways. I'm not trying  to sound like a geek....but I can't even surf the internet at times with so much crap going on in the class. IT'S DIFFICULT TO SURF BLOGS WITH THE CRAP THAT GOES ON, but it is a funny class though. Kinda good that it's sometimes a last class waker-upper for me with all the stuff that goes on...most of it being funny. Apparently when I thought I woke up early this morning....Mitch literally killed me at that event. He woke up at 430am for rowing. That's one reason why I like badminton: such a lazy sport =).  HOME TIME! Except today went to UCC for badminton. So decided to take long way there instead of waiting for Dundas bus *patience right there* and took Cherryhill w/ Dan and Elaina, then transfered onto Wonderland. Got to UCC around.....330ish?  Badminton today was decent I guess. Didn't really see anyone I knew....so played a few pickup games with some random people. First game I did horrible.....and wasn't into the flow of things....but by 2nd and 3rd game I managed to get my serve up and actually tied from 14-8. In the end though we lost.....I hate tiebreaking games. Heh saw Steve Zhao from the team come today too. Managed to play a singles game with him. Although I lost, but I made some would-have-been decent doubles shots. Final score: 15-12 or something like that. We whooped some UWO ass though when we played doubles. Killed other team 15-5 or something like that. Yeah doubles is definitely my kind of game: run less.....more action hahaha. Unlike singles....ugh all the running.....defeats the purpose of badminton being my "lazy" sport. In the end though chatted w/ Marcello who came for ball, and saw Dan and Adam there also. Well I headed out early though, leaving around 6pm....got a lift from mom back home then....and proceeded with the rest of my day =).  Got home....quickly downed some food....and then.....WATCH KILL BILL VOL. 1!  Now I won't ruin much about the movie....but some parts are hilarious even though it is an action movie. Also....anime part in the movie is crazy. If GOOD anime is like that, yeah I gotta pick up a few anime DVD's. Also just the beginning starting like an old Chinese Kung-Fu flick....really funny but cool. Quentin Tarantino I can see now why he is such a famous director. His movie was ingenious.....with bits and pieces of everything....plus a KILLER soundtrack. Anyone know where I can get my hands on a copy of it? If it's even on sale. MUST....GET.....SOUNDTRACK. Was so good....some of the songs werer crazy.  The whole movie actually.....was crazy. Best movie I've seen this year I think...now I wanna see Pulp Fiction and Reservoir Dogs lol.  For now though....I'm out for this blog entry. Still talkin' on MSN, wasting my time, and I gotta eat dinner still. Wow it's 11:30 already. Blast Habs lost to Tampa 4-0....but I heard from Jason Yao and the Rockets are killin' Lakers right now. Hehe at least something's going right today in the sports world =).  Later dudes and dudettes =).
     

    



       
       4/22/04   Kiwanis: Why is it so weird this year?   Out of all the years of my life competing in this music festival held every spring in London....this year has got to be the worst/weirdest one ever. First off....on Wednesday when some girl should have got disqualified for not following song regulations.....she got 2nd....pushing me back to 3rd.....and today.......9 OUT OF 9 POSSIBLE AWARDS FOR SCHOOLS WERE ALL SILVERS! I mean.....honestly I wouldn't care if someone got bronze. In fact....no one did, nor merit, nor gold. All "shiny" silvers. As quoted from Shaunvir:  "Why are they so communist this year?! Everyone's equal. I mean WTH!?"  Unfortunately I have to agree with him on this. This year's Kiwanis wasn't that great. No winners. No losers. Just a bunch of average Joes getting silver. Whoo. So after we also heard Banting got the trophy for a song we played in grade 9 *yes they played a piece that we memorized and got gold on last year....last year being when I was 14* and somehow they beat us out. Hmm........GAY! They played a EASY piece, a piece that we learned last year and managed to beat us out. Yeah pretty b/s I know.....but enough ranting about how crappy our Kiwanis went....onto the happier parts of my day....like missing out half of english class.....or struggling on a bio test=P.  So my day today started @ 7:30....jumping out of bed, eating breakfast, rushing upstairs, doing morning routine and then grabbing my stuff and heading out the door. Yup....like usual I gave Patrick a lift to school and we just got there on time =P. Hmm for once I actually had to use my locker for Kiwanis stuff, badminton stuff, and a whole potpurri of other junk. First time in my whole high school life where my locker actually looked full. Wow. What an amazing feat huh =P. So first up on the list today: Music class.  Yup....final runthrough before we enter the Kiwanis....shining with our many instruments (over 40 flutes, something like 40 clarinets, heckload of brass and some saxophones, plus the percussio n' stuff) so we merged the two music homeroom classes together and had a full run-through rehearsal. We sounded pretty good I thought.....though there were some rushing issues with trumpets. Nothing new. Mr. Clark then gave us a pep talk for Kiwanis......you know about how we are a good band, and how we are still a good band even if we don't win anything. Meh....we actually do sound good.....and even Lina thought we whooped ass. Plus Oakridge and Westminister REALLY sucked beyond the boundary lines. It's like if it was a hockey game.....and the team sucks so bad that they would lose more often with the goalie in the net than if they didn't even have a goalie. But somehow they managed a Silver still.....which was ridiculous. EVERYONE thought they shoulda got something like a Merit....or whatever's below it *coupons to Wal-Mart?* Oh yeah....also a gr. 11 student came in to play for us....run through before real thing hehe=P.  After music class.......well headed to usual science. We have to make food chains for next day that somehow relate to us (we eat beef, beef comes from cows, cows eat grass). Yeah boring huh? Yes very.  For lunch......Jasper's today and did some quick studying for my Bio test...which I thought would be a quiz. Turns out it's one HUGE test. Well had a chicken quesadilla today from that place......WOW WAS IT GOOD. KILLS ANY OF WILLIAM'S FOOD. Mmmmm...........chicken. So quickly studied for bio while munching on my quesadilla and also had my daily cup of java.....mmm........java. I'd have to cups today so yeah I'm still a bit wired =P.  Bio class: Joe failed/chinese failed/probably usual failed the test I think. I forgot what a spleen was. OUch. Yup.....it was pretty bad. Walked in thinking it's a 20 minute test and lo and behold......WOW A 75 MINUTE FULL TEST. *Uh oh says Joe to himself.* Well I still did it obviously......but checked it over I think 10 times....hopefully it does something. Prayers have helped me much in this course....and I hope it comes through again. Won't complain if it doesn't though......since I barely studied. Thought that reading random blogs was more important the night before =P.  So after that.....ENGLISH CLASS. Read some new book I got on my own....called "Rain Fall." It's pretty cool so far. A guy kills another guy with a pacemacker jammer making it look like the guy's pacemacker failed. I thought it was pretty interesting. So yeah I finally found a book worth wasting my time on =P. I guess reading isn't that bad after all. Thing with me: if I find a book I like.....I'll sit in front of it for 3 hours straight reading it whole. If I don't like it.......I'll read 40 pages in 4 months. If it's an average book........same result. I only read books I REALLY enjoy. Everything else basically goes in a pile for burning =P. Oh yeah English exam postponed because of Badminton and other various activities =P. Shweet....now the exam's on the week that WOSAA's on. I hope that I make it to WOSAA so I can avoid the May 4th one *waste of time....that's why.* COME ON GUYS DOUBLES! LET'S WHOOP SOME ASS =P.  So since class was cut short.....we headed out for Kiwanis then. Funny thing happened though today while packing for Kiwanis...  I was heading into the music room for my trombone.....when someone told me a Helen Neil was looking for me or something. Apparently she wants me to help her with her piano. ME?! Hmm.....yeah like I said I was surprised too. Kinda cool though that someone's actually heard of my piano playing. Interesting too I guess....how it's in my school. I think Mrs. Mitsis told her to find me....it's about a piece that I'm good at. Meh w/e.....never found her since I had to leave for Kiwanis. So yeah....talked to Arjun on the way there. He had Kiwanis again today. Apparently this time he got 2nd....which is an improvement from well....nothing =P lol. Yesterday he kinda forgot half his piece....and today he bounced bac for a silver. Great recovery. And for some reason Fred and Christian were talking about......STAR TREK!? Uhh.....I thought that craze was over um.......20 years ago? lol. So talked to some other people on the bus.....and looked around the Kiwanis program for events that people I know are playing at. Didn't really see much except for some younger kids that go to my church. Two of them apparently have a duet, which I think is pretty cool.  So when we arrive at Saunders....kinda funny how first 3 people I see are Anton, Jonny and Tyler. They were waiting for parents, so chatted with them for a bit. First thing Anton brings up was that prank phone call they made about 2 months ago w/ an Arnold Schwarzenneger voice....and yeah it was pretty lame lol. Talked a bunch of other stuff too.....apparently he knows a few people in our band. Not surprising seeing there's almost 110 of us in band. He's gotta know SOMEONE. Especially also since 60% of Central students are in the music program. He's gotta know SOMEONE. Lol him and Tyler look almost the same though....except for the fact of course Anton's uglier *BURN!* And plus he's also a bit more retarded lol. Arnold prank calls? I have call display too. I remember Paul did that w/ Patrick I think back in grade 6, which is Anton's Maturity level now =P.  So like I said before: Kiwanis wasn't that great.....I mean 5-way tie out of 5 schools then a 4-way tie out of 4 schools. In the first class we played "Concorde Sketches," which I thought we did ok. But that wasn't the main thing I was amazed at.....I saw a gift from God today that was blessed upon the snare drummer for Lucas....  Well at first I didn't notice it.....but when Lucas went up to play their piece....something in the back caught my eye. The snare drummer....his arms weren't exactly well.....normal. Thing is.......he can play the snare better than the drummers in my school. John was astonished when he saw the talent that the dude had in him. It was pretty cool though.......his snare playing was so technical....it was GOOD. I was amazed to see that even with disabilities....it does prove true that God can still shower blessings on you. I witnessed that today. I also saw that in one of Lucas' trumpet players, who is a parapalegic, yet he plays the trumpet like any other trumpet player. It's actually really cool to see. That was one thing this Kiwanis that was shining on the positive side. I mean....I really I guess don't care AS much about winning now, and also just seeing that....I was astonished at the fact that Lucas had such talented individuals who may have disabilities, but those two literally own some of our musicians in my group. True blessing from Christ =).  Then after Lucas played, watched the other schools still. They mostly sucked. Banting did decent, but like I mentioned before played a song Central 9ers learn, and still manage a gold. Banting managed a silver. Oakridge sucked, and Strathroy wasn't that good either. We did decent, though we could have done better I think.  After that class.....DINNER! Went to buy pizza....and my 2nd cup of java for the day. Got a "roll up the rim to win" cup.....but lost. Grr.....stupid Timmy's not letting me win. You win probably once every......30 times I heard? Unless you're one of those really lucky people.....gah which I'm not. Oh yeah! GREAT FEAT TODAY PERFORMED BY JOE!  YES I NOW OFFICIALLY OWN KILL BILL VOLUME 1!  MUAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHA! Now I can watch that.....and then watch Vol. 2, AND STILL HAVE VOL. 1! NO WAY! Yes way =P. After accomplishing that task, I then headed back to school with Pourier talking about how we shoulda got a gold....or someone should have if not us *so bland when everyone gets silver* and headed back to Saunders.  For our 2nd class.....everyone played "When Summer Takes Flight." Really retarded song in my opinion....BUT EVERYONE STILL GOT SILVERS! WESTMINISTER LIKE I SAID SUCKED....AND THEY MANAGED TO STILL GET A SILVER! BAH! Banting and Central should have got Golds....but NOOOOOO..........it seems as though Communism has swept the Kiwanis Nation into a equality world.......so therefore EVERYONE got silver. By the time that was over......  Central had to stay for one last class. The march class. We played the Gambolier song....and it sounded good, but apparently you don't win anything in that one. So all that effort...plus constructive criticism for nothing. So then a frustrated group of ninety some odd Centrallers packed their gear....then headed home.  So yup....here I am blogging about my day....complaining about the corruption of Kiwanis, and the fact that I flunked a bio test. All in all......not that bad of a day. On the bright side got to miss some school, see some friends at Kiwanis and play t-bone. Also I got to find a book I'm actually interested in =P.  Now I go watch some Avalanche game....and then head to sleep. Got Senior band tomorrow. We play on Tuesday....hmm somehow gotta make it after conference lol.  Later.
     

    



       
       4/21/04   Personal Kiwanis Achievements: 2nd and 3rd =)   Hmm.....well turns out after entering two events during this year's Kiwanis....I came out from both with an award. Though there were no first places, I don't really mind. I've been there, done that, so I'm not complaining *last year I got first on sometin.* So this year I'm pretty happy with my results, seeing that I barely practiced 30 minutes a day....SHWEET!=). My day's been pretty short, as my usual 6am wake-up call was shut off by me as I really don't wanna go to band when I got Kiwanis. I'd be dead tired by the time performance came. Also coming home and taking a nice one hour nap.....yeah my Wednesday has been lazy, short, and sweet =).  Well like I mentioned already....the thought of going to band and attending history class completely blanked out of my mind. Even though my Kiwanis event wasn't until 10am.....WHO CARES?! I like to sleep....and have enough energy to actually hit the keys on the piano so no wakey wakey until 9am today. MUAHAHAHAHAHA! I was planning to practice a bit before performance time came...but sleep took over.....and I then just woke up, ate somethin' quickly, did usual routine and played my piece only twice. Then headed out the door for my Kiwanis event.  Yup......and back to the same church I was at last day for Kiwanis. Up against some familiar faces, one being Arjun and the other being some girl.....Keila I think was her name. And this time my "YES NO ASIANS OTHER THAN ME" luck took a turn when 3 Asians strutted in with their piano books and their piercing piano looks. "Oh no I'm screwed" our protagonist Joe thinks to himself. Will he be able to pull a 2nd or 3rd or 1st? Find out.....when you scroll down to the next paragraph!  Dun Dun Dun.........  Location: DaySpring Presbyterian Church: London, Ontario Time:10:15am (a bit over since the class started late) Kiwanis Class #: 3104 Joe is: Competitor #1 Song he plays: Some old Sonatina by Friedrich Kuhlau How does he do: He places 3rd out of.....9?  ......something like that at least. So yeah I didn't do too bad. I was first again....in order of playing...and for some reason......I was REALLY nervous. My hands were shaking as though 3 cups of coffee was going through my system, and my leg was having very weird muscle spasms. So after the competition officially went underway.....I walked up to the piano. I then announced my piece. And then the playing of the wooden box with 88 keys (52 white keys and 36 black keys, which then equals 88) put into it with lots of wiring and felt hammers. Ugh did horrible.....blips here and there....and lots of crappy mistakes. I was actually very surprised that I managed to still clinch 3rd. I beat out two of the 3 other Asians, with the other one clinching 2nd. So all in all I wasn't really complaining. Arjun woulda done really well I thought....except he kinda forgot a bit of his piece. Don't blame him though......apparently was his first time in Kiwanis. He didn't do that bad of a job either. Sounded really good. The first place person though did really good. Me and Arjun think the 2nd place shmuckette shoulda been disqualified though, since she played a piece that wasn't even supposed to be allowed in the program. Phht..........what a fluke. If she was disqualified I WOULDA GOT 2ND! TWO 2ND PLACES IS GOOD! BUT NOOOOO.........STUPID ADJUDICATOR DIDN'T KNOW HOW TO DISQUALIFY! GRRRRRR! AND SOME OTHER PERSON WOULD HAVE HAD THE PRIVILEDGE OF GETTING 3RD!...BOOOOO! Oh well.....it's over and done with now. I got 3rd....I'm not really complaining *cough GAYNESS x7* and I'm still smiling *grr.....woulda got 2nd=@!*  So afterwards....wow it's already 12pm. I'm late for math. Oh well....I'll still head to McDonalds for a lunch and then head to school. NOTHING gets in the way between me and lunch....except if I don't feel like it =P. So headed to lunch, ordered, and then drove to school while munching on my McChicken and Fries. Oh yeah and of course a cup of coffee. Mmm....coffee ^_^.  And I regret going to school.......math class consisted of approx. 10 people. Half the class was at Kiwanis, and the other half at Fiddler on the Roof. So chatted with John, Travis, and Nick for most of the class, since I got all my homework done over the period. Trig actually isn't as hassling as I thought it'd be. Calculators make life very easy =). Kinda funny how people used to have tomes and volumes of books telling them every TAN, COS, and SIN calculation for every angle. Hahahahahaha and to think all I have to do is press 3 buttons now =P.  Programming: won't elaborate much. Boring.....Mr. Dayus is gonna probably kill us one of these days, and it was boring like usual.  Badminton today: Hmm........I don't seem to understand why I seemed to like mixed doubles in grade 9. OMG IT'S SO BORING! I had to play a practice match today w/ John and two girls because Ms. Bates made us....and it's SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO TIME WASTING. Slow moving, and everything. I don't see how Josh seems to like playing mixed....but guys doubles is much more fun and action-packed. People actually HIT the bird. Maybe it's just because our mixed doubles is all the rejected people.......so me and John are back on the doubles team. Thank goodness lol. I couldn't survive playing mixed. Such a lame game. Hmm......crap it's raining outside. Rugby, Track and Soccer came in soaked.....so this can't be a good sign for me lol. Dave got a new raquet, hmm.....and we did some drills. My dropshot's getting crappier *shudder* but my smashing has improved altely =).  Hmm.....bused home w/ John....then walked in the pouring rain back home. Quickly ran upstairs and took a 1 and a half hour nap. I used to wonder why people nap....I realize why now. With a life like a high schooler...I'm not surprised. Everyday, about 6-7 hours of sleep, and so much happens in high school at times. Yeah I can see why now people like naps. I'm becoming a napper myself now =P. And so much can happen in your sleep too. Dreams are still something that I'm always fascinated with.  *1.5 hours later*  Quickly did theory.......and then headed to theory class, where I did more theory. I'm done 5 PAPERS ALMOST NOW! WHOA! And so far my average is 79.5. Not bad considering I'm barely getting some of the things. Oh well....s'all good I'll cram the night before =P..  Yeah anyways I'm out for the night. These last few days have been pretty fun though, with Kiwanis and everything. Sleepin' now though hehe. And in the quotes of Ada:  "I bid the farewell."  Hey it is pretty catchy=P.
     

    



       
       4/20/04   1/3 of my teams made it in.....GRRR!   Well after watching the Sens being humiliated in their final game 7, and the 3rd or 4th year losing to the leafs, yeah I'm grateful at least my favourite team.....the Avalanche made it in. If it weren't for them.....hmm I'd be stuck watching the Flames, Leafs, and Flyers. Eew. And then I'd end up cheering for.....the Sharks? Or even....THE HABS?! Oi.....yeah playoffs took a much different turn from last year. All the usual teams made it in, and the usual teams got past round 1, unlike last year which seemed to be the Underdog's heyday. Well.....now back to followin' the Avs after their long break from defeatin' the Stars. First game:  Thursday, April 22nd, Colorado @ San Jose @ 10pm.  Can't wait 'till then....last time they played the Sharks they beat 'em....and I intend the same to happen this year ^_^. Pretty good series though I'll bet.....Sharks have become quite the team over last 4-5 years. Hmm....Toronto plays Philly,  Montreal Vs. Tampa and Calgary will be taking.....Detroit. Good series matchups....though half the teams I wanted in never got in. Well Ottawa I wanted to win just to piss off the many Leafs fans in my area, but Canucks and Devils not making it in I really didn't think was cool. So yup....most of my evening has been spent napping, and watching the Leafs and Sens game that ended with the Leafs humiliating the Senators 4-1. Whoo. Grr. Other than that...hmm well now I'm just waiting for the Colorado and Sharks to face-off on Thursday Night. GO AVS!  Hmm other than that my day's been really tiring....and boring for school. I got up at 630 this morning for Senior Band and got ther at usual time. Ran over couple of the songs.....and Mrs. Wharton commended Stage Band X in Senior Band. We got Silver yesterday, and of course the Senior Jazz Band whooped ass. Can't wait to join that next year =P. After running through Senior Band, Wind Ensemble *senior one* stayed back for a quick run through. I also stayed back to work on much needed to be worked on theory. yup......MUCH NEEDED WORK.  Anywho after that: music class. Today we ran through all our Kiwanis pieces, and also some other drill stuff. Meh....usual stuff. Arjun and I are both going to be playing against each other tomorrow at Kiwanis. Hopefully I win. I doubt it though...he's pretty good at piano.....and I don't have my Sonatina that well conquered. Well hope for the best...the best being not Joe Failing. Chinese failing is still lingering on the horizon.  After music class.....which proved that Saxophones may need some practice on their instruments came the trudge up the stairs to Science Class.....where I fell asleep for half of it. Nothing too out of the ordinary. Me sleeping, Mr. Curphey lecturing, taking down worthless notes I will probably never use since I find Ecology a waste of time. WHOA LOOK THE FISH EATS THE PLANT, THEN GETS EATEN BY A BIGGER FISH, WHO GETS EATEN BY A SHARK, WHICH GETS EATEN BY MAN, WHICH GETS EATEN BY A CAMEL! O M G! FOODCHAIN REACTION! THE WORLD'S FALLING APART! AAAAAAAAAAAAH!!!!!!!!!!!!!! *wump.*  Lunch: Went to Subway...........overpriced to the max. spent $8.25 on some stupid sub and a can of Pepsi. Why didn't I go with Heather and Nate to McD's I don't know....IT WAS BIG MAC DAY TOO *shakes fist.* AND HEATHER EVEN GOT THIS REALLY WEIRD TOY.....THAT DID SOME REALLY WEIRD THING. AND ALL I GOT WAS A SANDWICH AND A ALUMINUM CAN OF CARBONATED SUGAR WATER. BLAST!  Bio class: worked on our  Digestive system theme park. Yeah......that is classified. For now.  And English. We have been informed we have another exam. HUH!??@?@??!?!?!? Yes sadly the english department makes two exams a year, which is a total waste of time as english is an ART....not a uh.....whatever the opposite of art is. Rhythmic dictation course? Hmm......oh yeah and today Robert showed the full might of his stupidity:  Katherine: Hey Robert.....did you know gullable isn't in the dictionary? Robert: Huh? Uhh........sure? Katherine: Do you know what I'm saying? Robert: I think so......Gullable's not in the dictionary? Katherine: Yes.....do you know that? Robert: Yes....NO WAIT what's gullable mean?  *Robert then realizes how stupid he is.* So after that......we got into groups and did these question things about Fried Green Tomatoes. Boring book......and very weird. Now apparently one's a bisexual while the other is a lesbian who loves to play poker and bring elephants into town. Interesting.  No badminton.....so went home. Talked to Adam on the bus, got things organized for Bio project...and then home.  Sc, Drumming......then Game 7.......which I now really think wasn't worth an hour of me watching. Meh oh well.....at least Thursday the Avs are back in the game. Finally I can watch a good team play. Ergh....but why did the Canucks lose. They even sent the game into OT and managed to lose......BAH.  Anyways.....goin' to sleep soon. Didn't do any work whatsoever tonight....and I'm going to Kiwanis tomorrow. No hockey games tomorrow...but instead badminton and piano theory. Oh boy Mrs. Mitsis is going to kill me when she finds out I'm barely done half the papers.  Anyways.....yeah I'm probably going to be cramming for most of tomorrow for this stuff, plus a biology test on the digestive system.  So I'm out for the night. Later.
     

    



       
       4/19/04   YAY! FIRST DAY OF KIWANIS!2ND PLACE!   Every year around this time......I'm always grateful I play the piano lol. Though it can be hard work at times, get in the way of things, and seem like it's a horrid instrument.....but I really don't mind it. In fact, its led me to playing the drums and trombone also....and soon the guitar I'm hoping =). Yeah I guess I'm a pretty curious person with things.....and after I learn one thing I wanna jump on for the next. Music seems to come pretty easy especially though. So not much school today...mostly consisted of playing piano, trombone, and then going home for naps =). So yeah.......pretty easy day for me......ergh Thursday's gonna be hell though intermediate band from 3-9 lol. Hope we win something.  So today instead of school I awoke at 8:15 to get ready for Kiwanis this morning. Walked downstairs to the aroma of French Toast *mmmmm* and quickly downed it, since it was good lol. So then quickly ran through my songs, said a quick word of prayer and then headed out the door to DaySpring where I was to play my Kiwanis piece.  So got there around 8:50 or so then......and one of my wishes came true...  YES I'M THE ONLY ASIAN THERE! NO FOBS OR OTHER ORIENTAL MUSIC FREAKS THAT PRACTICE 7-10 HOURS A DAY TO COMPETE WITH MY MINISCULE ASIANALITY MUSICA SKILLS! Not saying white people suck or anything.....but honestly I really don't like playing against those music-geeky Asians that seem to think Mozart is still Metallica and Beethoven is 50 Cent. They're all dead, and their corpses are probably gone....GET IN THE TIMES YOU OUTDATED SHMUCKS! Well there were 7 of us including me today playing against one another, and lucky me...I'm first on the list. So....you know did the usual announcing my piece, then started playing.....YES I REMEMBER HOW TO PLAY IT and surprisingly after the results came in......I GOT SECOND, ONLY TO BE DEFEATED BY SOME PREPPY WHITE GUY THAT CAME IN FIRST! NOT BAD AT ALL.......DIDN'T CHINESE FAIL....well by my standards at least......ok I didn't Joe Fail......I probably Chinese Failed....seeing I got 2nd.  So after my class at Kiwanis, where I reign semi-victorious......well victorious over 5/7 people I stop by Subway to buy my lunch then head home to pack my things for school......still having a seem-to-be dimpled smile on my face from winning 2nd. So I head home then, and quickly eat. Hmm no one on MSN at 11:30 *wonder why...OH YEAH SCHOOL....hehe forgot=P*  So now heading to school....yay math class. Why couldn't I have more Kiwanis classes? Grr.....so boring. I hate trigonometry. It's lame....VERY lame. So sat trhough 70 minutes *seemed like ages* and then headed out for programming.  Programming.....a clock fell on Cam, Icy got the blame, in the end no one got the blame. So we then worked on Turing, I for one got pretty bored and started surfing the net. Was pretty much done anyways. So after that long grueling class......of constant tacking of compy keys and *woam woam* of monitors.....SCHOOL'S OVER........well the government-required part. Final run through for Stage Band X as tonight we perform.  So after practice.....bused home in REALLY heavy winds. Finally got home.....and WUMP! YAY NAPPY TIME! I have no idea why, but today I've been pretty dead tired, despite sleeping in and everything. Pretty weird.....but point is.....from 4:30-6 I napped. Didn't intend to sleep so much, so quickly jumped out of bed then ate a quick light dinner then headed out the door to Saunders for Stage Band X's premier performance for 2003-2004.  WHY MUST WE BE #1?! Ergh first competitor in both events today lol. Originally we were 2nd or third but we had to bump ourselves up as someone had to leave early. Wasn't too bad though....we got to have a quick run through of piece being up there. While we were in Saunders room though warming up...lol Fred drew a pretty funny statement:  y=ex  BUT:  y1=ex IS THE SAME THING! ISN'T THAT WHACK!?  HA take that Saunders kids. Plus........apparently THERE IS SOMETHING LOWER THAN APPLIED MATH! It leads to really retarded math through the future....but I was surprised there was something lower than applied lol. Band went through a quick runthrough....then GAME TIME! Er performance time.  *1 hour and 30 minutes later*  Listened to other groups play.....one group someone looked like Mike......another group was a hick group of pure guys and no girls basically *except two* and then the group w/ a choir.....which got Bronze. Pretty unique though. We got tied for Silver with other two groups. Not bad......though we didn't win trophy =(. Oh well.....least we beat someone, we were entered in a senior group so I'm happy w/ our results lol.  Now I'm back home. So today wasn't very long...as half of it was cut short from sleep and Kiwanis. Pretty fun though......after finally getting back into Kiwanis after a year......brings back many memories. And reminds me how easy it can be to play your music in front of people which I think is a pretty cool gift. I rarely get nervous, and I always wing things lol. S'all good though......and it came through in the end with a healthy 88 and second place plus a Silver award that is shared evenly among all the Stage Band X members. Good Job dudes and dudettes!  Anyways I'm out for the night. Still got Senior Band tomorrow hehe.  Cya.
     

    



       
       4/18/04   Happy Birhtday Icy! And of course the rest of my day =P   "HAPPY BIRTHDAY ICY!"  Now that I've gone on with that, it's time to go on about.....well.....the rest of my day =P. Well today was like usual Sunday I guess.....except for the fact that Lina started comin' to church now....plus today we took the van. WHOA OUT OF NORMALITY THERE OH NO! *gasp.*  Today originally started off looking gloomy. Up until now I still don't get what's with me and thinkin' rainy days are gloomy....well it's not just me it's with many people. So I woke up pretty slowly, got downstairs had a quick breakfast and then got ready for church.....slowly. Gloomy days bring slow production. So left around 845.....then drove down to Lina's then Jason's....and then to church.  Btw........LEAFS JUST LOST AND SENS TOOK SERIES TO GAME 7! EXCITEMENT! Now I don't really care for either team, just that I'd rather see Sens in the playoffs this year going further than the Leafs.....deep inside.....GO COLORADO! WHOOOOO!  Yeah game just ended and I'm typin this blog at 10:45 so *shrug.* Thought I'd add that in...but back to my day.  Got to church around 9:10......just on time hehe. Jason and I did ushering for today. Hmm.....2nd last day for the few who are graduating. So we did usual ushering, and then headed in for Praise and Worship section of the service.  Today Pastor Mackness was speaking a lot about contentment, and how Christ gives us the strength to do everything, as it  says in Phillipians 4:13:  "I can do everything through him who gives me strength. "  Service was somewhat a slow moving one.....yet a blur at the same time. It's hard to describe.....but it was pretty cool lol. I felt as though it was speeding by....but then when I looked at the clock...."Why....it's only 10:10." It was cool though.......liked the message today. Good reminder that no human or Satanic force can stop you, when you have Jesus Christ backing you up =). It was also cool to see that by the time sermon was over.....the storm was over.....and the sun seemed to shine outside then. Wow. Cool hehe.  So after service, we headed downstairs and just chilled for a bit. Some signed the journals that Connie and Mike are going to be getting, and the others would do that later. So we all just chiilled downstairs for a bit. Lots of talk about the Rockets vs. Lakers game last night and the Flames Vs. Canucks triple overtime. Wow......Canucks won too ^_^. Apparently me, Lina and Jason weren't the only people who stayed up lol. Lots of us did. Yeah lots of talk about that, and of course our usual fooling around "DBZ HAND CLAPPING!" right Gavin? lol. Plus some other things.  Hmm......well normally we give parting gifts to people when they leave *which we did,* but in return Ali being the cool counselor she is gave us all personalized bookmarks. Really cool thing to do I thought. For me....she wrote from James 1:19-20, which reads:  "My dear brothers, take note of this: Everyone should be quick to listen, slow to speak and slow to become angry, for man's anger does not bring about the righteous life that God desires."  When I read that on the back of my bookmark today.....I immediately reflected to yesterday's praise night practice. I mean......up until now when I think about it we were all being complete jackasses  to one another, and that isn't cool in our eyes.......nor God's. I was happy though that we could all just sit down yesterday and pray. I mean two things I really love about being a Christian is evangelizing and the power of prayer. NOTHING can defeat the word of prayer in my mind. It was cool though how Ali picked a verse for each of us. I really liked mine..as at times I may get pissed off quickly......especially when things aren't going my way.  Oh yeah today another new kid came to church to. His name was Derek, and apparently goes to Saunders. Another SC player lol. Well didn't really get to talk a whole lot to him, but hope he comes around more often.....anyone's welcome in the house of God =P. Well he seemed to think it was alright at least. Too bad he couldn't stay for graduation lunch today.  Which is where I'm leading to now. Graduation lunch seemed like a communion lunch, except the graduates got to say a word or two about their times at LCAC. Ali's really was touching......as I actually never knew she was the only UWO student at LCAC at one point. And to think that now....there's 30-40 of them. Wow determination really does come through. Even I'd be saying Praise the Lord for her to be staying here....never giving up on the English Ministry. If she had left........I don't know where us teens would be or even our church. And apparently there are even some gr. 12 grads this year, which I actually never knew about lol. So we listened, talked, and made fun of Chris a lot today lol. After the lunch.....we cleaned up church a bit while waiting for mom......and then headed home. While cleaning though.......yeah we had good times. Me and Gavin had lightsaber wars *mature huh* w/ wooden sticks and recorded Gavin karate kicking a already broken cinderblock lol. Oh yeah........and Dan seems to really hate styrofoam. MUAHAHAHAHAHA something I can piss off the twins w/ when they piss me off =). The squeaking of styrofoam.  @ Home......what'd I do? Not much. Drummed mostly lol. No SC or anything...didn't do h/w...... procrastinated piano.....YUP usual afternooon. Was thinkin' bout playing ball but was gonna go play badminton w/ Lina around 5pm anyways so just stuck around at home. Yup.........sat on MSN for a bit though. Ergh Missin Game 6 of Sens and Leafs for Badminton. Oh well.....that's what Sportscentre is for lol =P.  So from 5-9.........played baddy at UCC w/ Lina. Hehe talked to JT there too....studyin' for exams *sucker* and also met a dude from Gym Night. Sam, who was in my group for some of the games. Hehe was pretty cool, and I'm slowly building up my badminton friendship hierachy. I'm actually getting BETTER and stuff.....so yeah I can actually sometimes compete against some university students lol. My smash receiving is pretty much the best @ church at the moment, plus out of the people I know. So played a few games.....and saw another dude from Central team there Steve Zhao. He plays mixed I think....was gonna go for singles but Hermannator, Brandon and Hoffman wasted him. So he's playin' either mixed or guys doubles now. Well so basically baddy from 5-9......chatted a bit too.....Yang also came for a bit too but left early to study for bio. Hmm.....so after 9 yeah me and Lina left for home. I needed to do math h/w n' stuff......so gotta get home hehe.  So yeah at home now....took Lina back to her place and now I'm back home, watched the Leafs lose, did some math, and blogging. Plus talkin' to Jenn, Lina, Dan, Carmen and some other people on MSN. Hmm...sleepin' in tomorrow.....good old Kiwanis Festival: Joe's best friend to avoid History and Civics tomorrow =).  Well I'm out for the night....Lina needs to copy my blog for hers plus I'm done for the day hehe. Later.
     

    



       
       4/17/04   Praise Night: A learning experience never to be forgotten   The detail of my blogging for yesterday:   -Band -School -Home -Josh and Gavin came over and we settled everything in for tomorrow   and to today's blog.   Not your average Saturday...er not my average Saturday hehe. Wasn't a bad thing....in fact it was good experience to learn how to do a praise night and how to improve it. Next year though I'm really hoping more people will show up.....as it is a noutreach night also for non-Christians. Overall though it was alright I guess......learned a few new things and also figured out that planning means more than two days. But me being the optimistic one....EVERYTHING WAS JUST FINE.=P.  So my day started around 1030 this morning......got up, ate, then quickly headed out to church for rehearsal for Praise Night. Wasn't best rehearsal in the world.......for many reasons. One being.......WHY CAN'T OUR CHURCH HAVE DSL INTERNET?! So when I found out that my compy presentation was a Openoffice file......and our church takes four hours to download it.....I had to call dad, and send myself home, save it as a powerpoint *shudder* and then drive back to church, which killed an hour. Another bad thing was Carmen took 2 hours to get there. Well at least we got rehearsing done....and actually we even got to jam around for a bit =P. Had some fun times there......inside jokes n' stuff, pretty funny and good times. Tried choking Gavin w/ Josh's broken bass string *ASSASSINATION ATTEMPT 1 FAILED*  then Gavin tries to kill me with his guitar when we were jamming *the end of it was whacking my head.* Some random drum solos and bashing on guitar....bit of everythign I guess you can say =).  Amidst all this though..there were tensions built up. Not exactly best thing for 3 hours before praise night but it happened. I guess I sort of feel the same sometimes.....but it's for the church that we are doing this, and I sorta sometimes feel taht we shouldn't be bashing on other people when you volunteered to do this. I mean if they don't do their part, God will deal with it, not you. I mean I was somewhat frusturated running on overdrive at 2am last night trying to make everything right, and then in the afternoon today running home again to reformat it.....but that was my fault *though I wish our church would get high speed* and I was the one that volunteered for the responsibility. Josh was somewhat frusturated feeling like the only leader, and Carmen didn't seem to be havin' that cool of  day. Becca seemed to be neutral throughout the day and yeah Gavin was pretty frustruated as Josh was bein' a bit hard on him with some cheap shots of remarks and sarcasm. I'm happy though that when Kendrick came, we all just got to sit down and talk about it. Really felt good emptying all those canned in emotions. So we quickly said a word of prayer....then went upstairs to start praise night..the first official one done by only HYPE kids.  *Playing music, doing stuff related to praise night, I'm drumming =P*  And it's done after.......40 minutes? *uh oh off planned time by 2 hours 20 minutes.* Yes I now realize what Kendrick meant by sending out a schedule. Ow. lol. So what are we gonna do for 2 hours and 20 minutes. Well in the end the Praise team had quick meeting about what we could do to improve for next time. Lots of things said........and yeah this will help plan future things like say.......COFFEEHOUSE 2005! Which reminds me tomorrow I gotta print off a sheet of the minutes today or tomorrow. And after that......well.....some of the kids went home and the others went w/ JT, Brian, Kendrick and Felix *Brian's Friend* to Fast Eddie's for a quick meal of Grease platter and bubbly water with much sugar in it *aka burger n' fries and pop.*  I actually never been to Fast Eddie's before in my life....and I kinda regret it lol. It's actually pretty good place. Better than McDizzle's or BK at least. So many jokes made tonight though lol. Too many to explain. One being Gavin's "HEY MY CRAZY FRIES AREN'T CRAZY" and Kendrick replying "THEY LOOK QUITE SANE TO ME!" Fries with mental personalities........wow.....how do we come about with these things? Oh yeah and the documenting Lina's "Clarinet Practice." Yeah all this time she was out w/ us she was at a "Clarinet Practice" at a friend's. And she's on the other side of town with a bunch of weird dudes makin' up jokes about 'hoods *house ones not clothing* and distinguishing if a french fry is retarded. Oh yeah and Lina's name reminds me of my remark of how "HOT CHOCOLATE IS FOR WIMPS" lol. HYPE should have more of these "meetings" lol. Then we all left for home. Brian took me Lina and JT back along w/ Felix and Ken took Calvin, Twin #1, Gavin and Jason. So yeah that is where it leaves me at.......  HOME! So today had it's ups and downs. Learn something everyday though hehe. Satisfies my need for asking the question of "how does this thing work?" *KABOOM!* Well in the midst of the explosion you get something out of it.....in that very watered-down example from an explosion you learn not to tinker with a can of metal that looks like a bomb that says "NUCLEAR BOMB" beside it. Well today.....we may have not had an AMAZING praise night...but hey we now know how to make one more fun and.......better running? Like instead of singing through 16 songs in 40 minutes.....TAKE A BREAK. There's an idea for next time lol. Plus Meditation and Prayer....kinda forgot that. Oh well, nothing comes out perfect. I mean the first time you bake a chocolate cake will always be worse than your 10th, 15th, or 30th time. Experience is everything, and God will lead the way for us onto the path of success. It was cool though being able to lead the first Praise Night. Really hope rest of HYPE will be more involved next time though...  Anywho I'm out for the night. SO HAPPY AVS WON.......but kinda peeved that Nashville's out. Bummer, wanted them to get by the Wings. Well......now if I can I'll try to go watch Rockets-Lakers game. Later.
     

    



       
       4/16/04   Busy today...REALLY BUSY   Sorry again dudes and dudettes...but tonight I'm doing my Praise Night Compy Presentation for tomorrow.....so REALLY can't blog exactly. Brief outline of my day though:  -Band -School -Home -Josh and Gavin came over and we settled everything in for tomorrow  Yup......I'll probably blog in more detail tomorrow. But for now.....back to fixing up the presentation. Later.
     

    



       
       4/15/04   Bouncin' back from laziness...   Great bloggin' yesterday eh? =P. Been a bit busy lately so hehe couldn't blog as much as I usually do yesterday. Today though......I'm back to usual self....you know....somewhat sleep deprived....living off carrots and Tea......reading Fried Green Tomatoes for english class.....YUP back to usual days. Not as lazy as usual.  Well this morning.....after staying up till 1230 last night watching Sportscentre and Avalanche winning *and Sens winning also.....NHL playoffs pretty intense this year* I woke up around 7:30 and started doing my morning routine. Yay it's a day 1. That means no science or bio =), but instead the long, boring torture of double period w/ Ms. Manson *History then Civics....uuugh.* Well actually don't mind history...but Civics is really a waste of money and  time. OOOH LOOK AT ME I KNOW HOW THE CANADIAN GOVERNMENT WORKS! It's not like anybody even cares for Canadian elections...we've been gettin' less voters as years have gone by. Who cares? Didn't give Patrick a lift today since he said he didn't need one because he's leavin' later. Well in the end when I left....he left around same time. Pointless yes I know but meh....he started it. His dad explained later that he didn't eat until 745....HEY THAT'S MY USUAL EATING TIME =P.  Well headed to school then....and hopped out of the car....er minivan. Does that count as a car? Anyways quickly jammed useless junk into locker, and then headed to history. I'm almost late.....well I thought at least. Turns out I was just on time =P.  I'm not going to say much about history. We went to the computer lab and rotted there for 75 minutes, looking up stuff about the Holocaust. Yup.......that was basically it.  And after that boring class comes the icing topping for boredom.....CIVICS CLASS! We started off with our test on Canadian Politics and then went on from there. Why do my mornings suck so much? I don't know......but there has to be a reason. if PAS class is like this next year.....*ugh.* After that we took notes *how uncommon is that?* and did some survey telling us which party would be the most suitable for us to vote for. I'm a Liberal. Hmm always thought of myself as a PC dude *somewhat capitalist, figure that people shouldn't abuse welfare system, etc.* but after taking up our scores..I'm apparently Liberal. Hmm after doing that....took down MORE NOTES ON POLITICS. THE EVOLUTION OF OUR POLITICAL PARTIES. Yep.....every party.......EVERY political party started out either as a crazy dude expressin' his thoughts and people are appealed by it or out of the blue a group of people get peeved at an issue and then eventually somehow evolve into a party. WHY MUST CIVICS CLASS BE SO SUFFERING?  LUNCHTIME! Went to a place I haven't been to in........LOOOOONG TIME. William's=P. And I remember why. It's the same thing as Jasper's but more expensive. Jasper's has waaay more food too, plus they give discounts to Central Students^_^. But William's does have its good stuff.....flavoured cappuchinos, their breakfasts look better, etc. Mmmm.......breakfast platter. Ahhhhh........$6.35. MY MONEY! Lots of talk about last night's hockey, you know about the Leafs LOSING to the SENATORS and the Avalanche stealing a win from Dallas. Yes though I am an Avs fan I admit they did steal that win.......SOG was 41-23 or sometin and somehow Avalanche won lol *Avalanche was the 23.* Apparently lots of Central students still go to William's though....haven't been there in a while don't really remember hehe. Went back to school then and sat around in Gym for a bit. Played a wee bit of ball. Oh yeah then this happens:  Finlan tells me he's movin' to my area.  Whoo. Hoo. *Hint Hint SARCASM.* I don't exactly HATE HIM but he's a bit of a jackass. Jason and Alex and Hughes and probably Hammond gonna be bringin' out the champagne and booze when Gimpy moves out.  Math: Trigonometry. Not much more to say about that, except Jenn is suffering in Toronto w/ Quadratics while I'm FINALLY out of that pif of crappage and into easier stuff that I really don't like....TRIG! Learning about how to find sides of a triangle. I don't know why they have been emphasizing this since grade school. First comes Pythagorean Theorem, then some crap about Triangle theorems, and now THIS......TRIGONOMETRY! SHO STHUPAHD! And somewhat useless also...unless you're gonna be some engineer building stuff......er more of an architect.  Programming did absolutely nothing. Surfed net, struggled to figure out Turing like my usual self.  And finally hometime......YAY! No badminton practice today, except some of the team went to a quad meet at STA. Dangit I wanted to go....but NOOOOOO I've gone to one already. WHO CARES!? Wanted to go for mixed doubles but think Steve Zhao went instead. Finlan and Alex went for doubles....good luck dudes. STA I heard is a good team but hey Alex has got a pretty killer smash. Talked to Ryan on bus ride home. Apparently Ryan heard about Finlan moving around here too. Hahaha at least I'll be living more than 2 blocks away from him....Ryan's pretty much stuck on same street as him =P. Sucker.  Well....yeah that was pretty much my day....took a bit of a dip but s'all good......only once in a while stuff like this happens hehe. Well I'm out for the uh.....day? Sun's still up so yeah guess it'd be day hehe. Cya.
     

    



       
       4/14/04   Takin' a Break for blogging * For today*   Yup.....too lazy to blog today......need to finish some homework and I just don't feel like typing. Outline of my day:  -Woke up -School -Home.  Yup.
     

    



       
       4/13/04   Bargaining Band for Sleep: Effective =)   People complain about the flu bug...well I complain about post-holiday sleep syndrome. What is this disorder you ask? Take me for example. After a very relaxing easter weekend......all of a sudden I wake up at 6am the next morning? Uhh.....don't think so=P. So after some quick thinking and sudden descisions.....I concluded that I'd miss senior band today. Besides...she won't notice will she? *She did apparently....didn't think Mrs. Wharton would pay attention to a Gr. 10 that much.* So yup...that was my morning...slept intill 730.....I'm not about to wake up at 6am when I woke up at 11am yesterday.....BIIIG DIFFERENCE.  So waking up at 730.....I quickly got ready for school...you know usual morning routine and stuff. Breakfast consisted of leftovers from Wendy's house yesterday from dinner. Microwaved too. Ugh. So yeah not very appealing but meh....better than nothing. Wait.... is nothing on the menu?  So after getting a lift to school........I quickly jammed stuff I didn't need in my locker and headed upstairs to a re-welcoming history class. Not. Watched some boring movie about Hitler. And we started the Holocaust unit. Yay....the excitement. Now don't get me wrong it's not that I don't respect the Jews or anything. In fact, I commend them for making it through such a great struggle.....but the unit is so repetitive. Been learning this since Grade 7. So took some notes down about that...and the bell rings. Yup...Oh yeah and the results of my Math Project Maisie saw. Yeah she thought it was.......interesting? Hahaha nothing can be worse than Thompson's picture though....a fish turned football? Underwater. Yup.......it's pretty sad =P. You wanna see it? Click  urlLink here =P.  So after a boring history class....came a very boring civics class to follow along with it. Learned about governments..and how no matter which way you go.....you go too far it leads to anarchy and chaos. Yup.....governments...you gotta love 'em=P. They're as cuddly and lovable as.....a ball of nails? *Gets impaled by one and dies.*  Nope I'm still here...that could just be my Sprite Can that did that.....huh?  Oh yes and I have yet to discover another talent of mine. The water noise I can make w/ my mouth *for those that know what I mean* I can make it hitting the top of my head. Works sometimes. At other times it just hurts *ow.*   After civics class....went out to Galleria for lunch. Hmm...blasted Leafs. Winning against the Senators....BOOOOOO! Now Nate and Shawn can mock the me and the Senators for losing. *Shakes fist.* Uhh....GO AVALANCHE! My favourite team. I'd just rather see the Senators win. Will it happen? Yes. I hope. So yup.....went to Galleria w/ Mike.....everyone had to do something it seemed today.......Subway for lunch then headed back to school. *yawn.*  Math class......trigonometry isn't THAT hard. Calculator is your best friend. Without it....yup I'd be screwed. Project handed in....and for rest of the day we did these trigonometry problems. Triangles scare me. *Why Joe will never be a engineer....he hates physics and triangles and geometry of all sorts.* Oh yeah which by the way....my course roster for Grade 11:  English Music Math Chemistry Biology Accounting Law PAS (Psychology, Anthology Sociology)  Funky huh? Yup thought I'd scrap the whole "FOCUS ON NUMBER CRUNCHING!" idea and go for the Asian 3 pack and some Social Science courses. What am I gonna be when I grow up? Hmm....maybe a new job field:  Biochemical Psychiatric Medical Accountant of Law. *hhhhuuuuuh?????????*  Oh yeah and Guilfoyle kinda came up with a good question too: WHO the heck really does read my blog? Who are the 2300 people that have hit my site? A mystery never meant to be solved *unless I'm geeky enough to check every IP address.* No I'm not.  PROGRAMMING CLASS.......sub teacher *YAY!* so did nothing for whole class except draw stupid pictures on photoshop and fiddle around with default turing programs. One really cool one that was like a basic MSN. Connect to people and chat. Reminded me of TelNet back in CTG *Cheesy Text Game* days. *Sigh* geeky grade 6 and 7 days. Brings back memories......REALLY text-like memories. And sleep. *Snore*  After the day of schoool....oh wait it's not over. Badminton practice! Won't say much about that......me and John gonna probably be Central Doubles team A. Then Alex and Gimpy, then whoever else. Unless me and John have a bad day when we choose the A's, B's and C's. Central junior Boy's singles is gonna whoop ass though this year at conference. Jacob, Brandon and Hermann are really good. Probably one of them could school me and John.  Bused home.....and now I'm sitting here. Lots of crap to do tonight. Theory, Bio lab, read stupid book. Fried Green Tomatoes at the Whistle Stop Cafe. Jenn how can you possibly think it's a good book? Lol so far all I've got is there's a depressed woman that eats a lot and has started to talk to a woman that blurts out about her life story to random people. Sounds kinda......Soapy Operashy? Meh......got another 300 pages to read or so......so don't judge a book by it's cover....or first 64 pages I guess now also. It can't be THAT bad of a book...can it?  Hmm.....still gotta do some devos for today. And I'm off....for now. Yup.......uh.....food looks good upstairs hehe. Lates.
     

    



       
       4/12/04   Aww...Easter Weekend's Over *Sigh*   Burgh........back to good old school.....er more like old school. Good shouldn't be in there =P. This really isn't my happy day......I mean I was so happy shifting to 10 hours of sleep today...and tomorrow I'm waking up at 630 once again for senior band. *Sniff Sniff, Shakes fist.* YUP....great way for the week to greet me:  "Hey Joe! Haven't seen you in a while for school.....I'M GONNA START WITH SENIOR BAND! MUAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA SUFFER! FOOL!"  That's my rendition of it at least....if not everyone's. Good to know at least I didn't spend my last day of the week in agony hermitting in front of my compy. So I avoided one thing lol...and got other things done =P.  My day's schedule got pushed back a bit today as instead of waking up at target time of 9am....I decided to relax and sleep until 1130 lol. Wasn't all bad.....I got more sleep......a very precious commodity during high school and university ^_^. So headed downstairs....ate....and then a phone call barrage/chaos erupted...  Yeah....today I had to go to Gavin's for planning for praise. Took us a LONG time *Not gonna go into gruesome details* to FINALLY get everything set up and done and over with. Don't know if final outcome was for the best....but I think so since also we got some hefty ground covered for praise night. So after the loooooong delay......we FINALLY got into the car and off to Gavin's.....making a stop @ Carmen's to pick her up...and FINALLY we arrive at Gavin's 30 minutes later. Lucky this ain't Toronto.....couldn't imagine what life would be like if it were like that lol. Wait....SUBWAY! =P.  So finally made it to Gavin's *trying to make this blog speedy gotta get sleep* and started planning. A few accomplishments made today:  -Got 22 songs brainstormed for Saturday -10 or so themes to think about -Scripture for those themes -I CAN SWITCH FROM C TO G TO E MINOR CHORD ON THE GUITAR SMOOTHLY!  OOOOOOH YEAH THAT'S RIGHT! MY CHORD EXPANSION IS AT ABOUT 8 NOW AND I CAN SHIFT BETWEEN THREE OF THEM WITH GRACE AND SMOOTHNESS! And of course the other things too lol. So got all that stuff covered.......ate some food *courteously provided by Gavin's parents hehe* and fiddled around with compy for a bit...then off to Wendy's for dinner and just some good times.  Dave and Tommy were there also....which I forgot to get 15 bucks from Dave. What else? Hmm........just lots of jokes and stuff......eating of course......PS2......chattin' and an unfinished game of Chinese Checkers.  Anyways....I'm off to sleep.....after this weekend one must adjust back to crummy school time. 6 hours of sleep *shudder.*  Cya.
     

    



       
       4/11/04   Another Sister of Christ Baptized: Many congrats Steph =)   Hehe to think that 8 years ago we were all in Sunday School learning songs like "Jesus Loves Me" and winning food if we could memorize a Bible Verse. And to think now, 8 years later, in 2004, I'm sitting in the pews today listening to one of my fellow HYPE members Stephanie Chan, giving her testimony and anointed with the Holy Water, representing her full affirmation of Accept Jesus Christ. Yeah it was a pretty cool and touching sight. I mean as she was being baptized, even I was thinking:  "Wow.....to think we were all little 7 year olds trying to memorize Words of Faith for gifts and prizes. Now, we try to remember Words of Faith to bring others to Christ and gain Spiritual gifts and prizes, and to fight off the temptations of Satan."  Ok that is a little bit more fancy wording, but it was basically around the area of that =P. Another thought that popped up I guess *as of every other baptism I've attended* I started to wonder "when will it be my time?" Only God can tell =).  Well this happy day started off with my usual morning awakening to another sunny day. Hmm....weird I woke up at 830.......WTH 730?! Ugh stupid clock fooling me.....er eyes. So yeah slept for another hour. False alarm hehe =P.  *1 Hour later*  OK NOW IT'S ACTUALLY 830 *unlike that stupid fake 830 an hour ago* and now I'm alive and about. Walked downstairs, ate, got dressed, usual hygiene morning routine....and WOOSH! I'm out the door! Went to pick up Lina for her first day at LCAC *wonder if she liked it* and then off to pick up Jason also. Then usual 5 min drive from Jason's to the church.  Hmm......got there pretty early today. Mike, Dan and mom came today which was nice to see. Really hope those two dudes can bring their whole family one day....got real big hopes on em hahaha *pressure's ondudes.* Jokes jokes. So headed upstairs......was pretty cool seein' Gavin leading worship. Yeah and Ali Austin and Chris were also up there today. Hmmm....thinkin' about it bummer.....this is gonna be Ali's 3rd last time leading worship? Graduatin' so yeah I think it's either 3rd or 4th last time. 5th maybe? There's my math skills for you hehe. Ushered for a bit before Brian finally got there, and Wendy took my spot in place of Gloria. And then service started.  Today started off like usual....opening prayer and then songs of praise. Afterwards though.....Steph said her testimonial. Hmm......if I'm not wrong is she the first English testimonial person? Even if not that, she's the first HYPEr to be testifying before baptism hehe. It was actually a very touching story.....I won't say anything though as I don't know if she would want me to post it up on MY blog. It is her story....so I'll let her tell it =P. So listened to her story, and then afterwards Pastor D went on with his sermon after Carmen read Scripture. Today's story: Easter story....er actually more of the story of what HYPE studied last night: how we benefited from Christ dying and rising from the tomb in 3 days. It was actually pretty interesting what he had to say though...  Before that though......ouch much bashing on the dentist kids @ UWO in LCAC today hahaha.  "Yup......though there is much suffering and pain in this world....to think one day all of it will be gone, and I'll be in heaven, way from war, pain, suffering, sadness.....and dentists."   Dentists not needed in heaven? Jokes haha....but yeah still just the moment when he said it lol.....everyone just turns to Jesse and laughs *Jesse slowly hides behind church bulletin.*  Pastor D was saying how obviously many of us in this world will say "how did we benefit? What changed? I mean, there's still pain, suffering, sorrow, etc." But when you think about it.....and it even shows in Bible..Christ gave us the boldness and courage to go out and preach to the world about the wonders that God has done for us. Before Christ died, the Apostles were even kinda shaky about the Faith, and even fled when Jesus was arrested. However, after Christ rose, they would die, and even be crucified just to stand up for Christ. So yeah changes and benefits did come, but sometimes we are just too blind to see it. So yeah just a bit of a heads up for me even I guess.....I mean it's always good to have reminders like that so we won't be led astray.  After the service *which Lina said actually wasn't that bad* we headed downstairs for refreshments. OH YEAH CALVIN'S NOW OFFICIALLY REFRESHMENTS CO-ORDINATOR HAHAHA. CONGRATS MAN lol. Actually it's cool seein' us all gettin' more involved in church.....it's a start.......funny one but it is a job hehe. Cookies were good though so good start Calvin haha. So chatted, ate, you know usual stuff and then headed to class.  Yes class today....HILARIOUS lol. We wrote stories....er more of news articles of what news might have been back then when Christ rose. This was me and Josh's interpretation:   THE WOMEN WHO CRIED RISEN!  The Good Book said He would rise in three days. And right it was. Early this morning, local prostitute turned Catapult Dynamics Enginner Dr. Mary Magdeline was going to pay her respects to Jesus, a recently crucified carpenter/teacher when she found the tomb opened. The 54 ton rock guarding the carven tomb was rolled away. "I was surprised to see that the guards were not there. With my knowledge of wedge-tool dynamics, I concluded that no wedge-tool could have removed a rock of that magnitude with such magnitude! It was inconceivable!" She also reported that she and friend Mary "Mother of James" Smith encountered an angel at the tomb. The angel told them to "Go out and tell the others" that Jesus had risen. On their hasty way, Jesus apparently appeared to them. Smith tells us: "Dude! It was totally rad. Like, Jesus totally rose from the dead. He was right there and we fell down and praised Him! We got to touch his feet too! It was totally far out." Rumour has it that over 500 people have also seen the risen Jesus. However, that remains to be proven and this reporter, for one, will not report the senseless chatter of blabbering midwives. This is Jahoravich DingleShmienz reporting for the National Inquirer."   You like? Haha Hope you did took me 3 minutes to type *OH NO!* So after that fun filled class we headed upstairs to watch Steph's baptismal, and of course the others. Heh Josh got the video and I got the pics. Argh stupid recharge time....only got 3 pics lol. Well s'all good.....the point is I'll remember it....since she is the first HYPE kid to be baptized. Once again....many congrats Steph =P. So after the baptism headed back downstairs for some chattin', and pictures w/ Steph. Yeah she got flowers, gifts, you know.......cool stuff hahaha. And yeah picture taking was funny lol. I had to head out early though.....had to go home and help chop down Mr. Tree in my backyard....the one that's been back there for....well as long as I've been around hehe. Since I was born lol...well right when we moved in so 13 years. yeah big old tree. Never noticed it till today lol.  So got home....ate.....Jason came over for a bit too....was on compy while I chopped down tree. STUPID TREE SAP.....ugh so friggin' sticky. It's like glue...but smells like crap and probably tastes like it too lol. So did that quickly then headed down for some games of NBA street and NFL street. WOW lots of wasted time.....BUT WHO CARES POINT IS IT WAS FUN =P. So did that until Jason had to leave....and then drummed for an hour, then ate, and then......  And then........PLANNING FOR TOMORROW WHICH WAS UTTER FAILURE. Though my day didn't end off too well......I am always seeming to be on optimistic side.....and well yeah I looked on bright side here too. I mean though Josh can't make it to the planning tomorrow nor Rebecca, me Gavin and maybe Carmen will still push ahead and try to come up with as much as we can. Well we still got a few days so no worries hehe. Praise night ain't till Sunday anyways. Well after thinking more.....isn't that bad I guess. I mean...who knows....God could be doing this for a reason. I mean............predestination.....it exists. Everything's planned. So yeah there is definitely a reason why Josh can't make it tomorrow.....and I'll leave it be for Christ to reaveal to me how it was for the best hehe.  Anyways....yeah I'm out for the night. Gotta wake up, do theory, read, finish math, then head to Gavin's tomorrow early hehe. Later boy's n' girls =P.  OH YES HOW COULD I ALMOST FORGET..........MAISIE MAD PROPS FOR HELPIN' ME WITH MATH TODAY Lol. Thanks a bunch =).
     

    



       
       4/10/04   Ergh....Laziness......taking.....over   I never thought I'd fall to such a level of laziness.....today I literally did nothing. I mean I tried going to UCC....but absolutely had no will.....I had no will to even pick up the phone and call people to chill. Yeah today....was laziness at its worst.....took MANY bullets of laziness today. Guess there were its upsides though. Drummed so much my arms began to hurt lol. And just had some time to relax, chill out and reflect I guess. Also....I don't know why I was so tired today....interesting.  After playing SC until about 1am (hey you think that's bad Jason was up till 4am on that game) I slept until 10am and then woke up. Had to do some piano practice before lesson. Yeah this week's total practice time: 140 minutes lol. Yeah I'm havin' horrible time with piano practice lately. Oh well...least I'm gettin' stuff done still. Oh yes and I'm still extremely behind in theory lol. Gotta do that too. Right now my list of things to do is somethin' around this area:  -Theory -Math project -Bio Lab -Piano Practice  Yup.....my hectic Easter holiday. Work? Yeah I can't believe I have work this Easter. Saddening I know. Really need to get priorities straight though....*shakes fist* WHY MUST NHL PLAYOFFS BE NOW!? SO MUCH CONFLICT lol. Argh.......always tempted to watch the Leafs being massacred *how'd they shut out Ottawa?* or watch the Avs trample the Stars into pixie dust. Grr......but instead I'm stuck on either Compy or in front of piano.......working away. ARRRRRRGH!!!!!!!!!!!!  Piano lesson: gotta catch up on theory...and my music's going really well. Not much else to say =P. Good playing....crappy theory. Yup......lol. Good old piano.....least I'm doin good at it =P.  Yeah.......my afternoon: VERY BORING. I wanted to sleep...BUT ARGH SO MANY INTERRUPTIONS! PHONE=GAYNESS TO THE MAX. If I only had one I'd unplug the piece of crap..but I'm not about to go hunting for phone cords in my house, nor will I take wire cutters and butcher the wires. Unlike Adrian's mom I'm smart enough to realize not to lol *she cut their cable.......LITERALLY.* So giving up on sleep, went to drum for an hour or so, then SC. Finally assembled enough good people to make it past 40 minutes in Raccoon City. But then.........GAME CRASHED! BLAST! Oh well...only game not like it's a project. I'd punch my towercase *monitor's too pretty......17" LCD =P* if it was a gargantuan project. We talkin' like 50 page essay or something. I'd be REALLY mad. Thank goodness for system recovery lol....and Ctrl+S.....don't know what I'd do without that =P. *coming out of geek mode* I called Age afterwards to come over and chill for a bit. Got further in Silent Hill 3. Yeah 3 of us in that room afterwards....me, Adrian, Jason and we still scared shitless at times lol. It was good times though.......had a few good jokes. Lol some fat monster looks like a Sumo wrestler...and when it deflated when we died.....wow we all just started laughing. Yeah but then found out it was 5:50.....CRAP GOTTA GET LINA FOR HYPE lol. So I quickly took Adrian's bike and jetted my way down to her place lol. WHEW bikes go much faster than walking. After not using one for over a year......yeah underestimated its usefulness lol. So got there in record 5 minutes *NO WAY* and back to house in another 10.....we walked back since she didn't exactly have a bike also. So yeah......HYPE meeting would start soon.  Well by the time I got back......yeah Josh, Becca, Steph, Calvin, Gavin and the Twins would be here also. Brian and others would come afterwards too. Yeah showed some TC vids.....my video blogs haha. Yeah they are pretty interesting......blogging during TC lol....on my camera. Yeah I know it's kinda weird. Actually if one day I can...I wanna set up a video blog for myself. But this will do for now =P. So after everyone got here *Age had to leave but meh* we started our HYPE meeting at my place.  Started off with a bit of singin' led by Steph......then went into Bible Study. Talked about Acts mostly today....and what the Lord left us after leaving for heaven again (Holy Spirit). Also talked about the purpose of Easter holiday too hehe. Hmm........prayer groups got together w/ Gavin, Jason, and Lina. First time leading a group......wow it felt so weird lol. Yeah to think next year Jeff may lead HYPE hahaha. Funny but cool also. To think the dude used to come to Sunday school with us. And Josh may be counselor in two years......yeah far out lol. Unless he going to University...which reminds me JOSH FINALLY LET ME BORROW INFO BOOK! YES! Now to see what my courses are like for university lol. Must choose.......grrr.  Anyways back on topic. So went through some times of sharing.....lol lots of talk about b-ball........Lakers rivalry between Lina and Jason building up already haha. Jason absolutely hates them and Lina loves em haha. Good to see us gettin' to know one another already haha. So prayed, talked a bit and then FOOD! Yeah JT also announced this is his 3rd last HYPE meeting. S'all good though....he still gonna be around....just helpin' out more w/ ACF on campus. Wonder if I can join ACF lol. Wait till I'm a froshie I guess hehe.  So yeah that was basically my lazy day. Sleep, Piano, SC, then HYPE. HYPE meeting was cool though.....jokes, good times, and just gettin' closer with my Bro's n Sis' in Christ.  Well I'm out. Lates. Easter Sunday tomorrow. STEPH'S GETTING BAPTIZED *congrats Steph!* Lol made a fe jokes about that...."QUICK STEPH UNLEASH ALL YOUR ANGER BEFORE THAT HOLY WATER HITS YOU TOMORROW!" Quoted from BK hehe. Or JT's "LET'S ANOINT HER WITH PEPSI!" Lol. Oh yeah and made some jokes about if HYPE had initiation:  "Dear *insert name here,*  But due to the lack of good grades, you have been placed on the HYPE waiting list. Yeah basically we are saying YOU'RE CUT!"  Or the thing about "Ok....so you new? Ok lead the Bible study =P."  All jokes though hehe. Well yeah that's it for the night hehe. Later.
     

    



       
       3/9/04   Good Friday...Remembering what Christ did for us on the Cross   Yeah I probably should have done that a bit more today. Well I mean I went to service and everything...but I know in my heart and soul that that just isn't enough. I should have done more devos....which I still need to get cracking on. Today took a bit of a turn though for Good Friday Service....instead of headin' down to LCAC I went with mom to North Park. Today was a pretty quick passing day actually.....even though it started early. It was good though. Well I guess I did have some quiet time w/ me and Christ. Service was good...plus afterwards I did just sit around and have a moment of silence. Wasn't on MSN or drums or anything....well slowly I motioned over to drums. I've been pretty amused with my new 4-piece setup lately. Since my drumhead broke....the new setup actually isn't bad. Less things to hit....but waay more fun =P. And then Badminton for most of afternoon.....so dead tired after that....  So like I said before......woke up around 8:15 to go to morning Good Friday service at North Park. Couldn't really get a lift to LCAC.....but hearing how retarted Gavin and Calvin were today at church...yeah I'm kinda not regretting going to North Park lol. It was a pretty cool change though. Service was pretty quiet today. Reminded me of a Remembrance Day assembly. It was pretty quiet....remembering what Christ did and of course communion. It seems kinda weird...but sometimes when I go to North Park and see people like under 10 taking communion....I'm wondering do they really know what they're doing? I mean....it clearly says in the Bible in 1 Corinthians 11:29 it says:  "For anyone who eats and drinks without recognizing the body of the Lord eats and drinks judgment on himself."  So I'm just wondering if those younger people even know what they are doing when they take the bread and cup. Half of them I bet think it's just a mid time snack during service. It really gives me an uneasy feeling when I see them taking communion. Even today I just sat there meditating like I would at LCAC, since I'm not exactly baptized yet. Well....wait a couple more years. Congrats to Steph though....this Sunday she will be embraced by Christ through the act of baptism. Congratulations Steph on affirming Christ is your Saviour!=).  So after the service came home......sat around.....MSNed, then drummed for almost an hour. Ate...more drums lol. Then some SC. Hmm.....yeah today's pretty relaxing....needed it though since at 2-6 I'll be playing baddy, which was SO  much fun today. So I'll just zip through *sc sc, drum, eat, scsc, drum, zZzzZzzZzz* and it's now 1:30. Yeah planned with Lina and Yang to meet them at Sarnia Rd.....so I'm off!  WTH WHERE ARE THEY!? UGH! Yeah I sat around waiting for 30 minutes.....and then I just thought "OK it's been 30 minutes.....I'm gonna start walking." So I get to UCC 40 minutes later.....AND LO AND BEHOLD THEIR IN THE GYM! DESERTERS!!!! OMG! I CAN'T BELIEVE IT THEY WERE WAITING AT OTHER TRAFFIC LIGHTS! ARGH! Oh yeah and the Gavin Josh thing:  *on phone* Gavin: JOE MAKE SURE YOU WAIT FOR US. Joe: OK.  What happens? THEY GO IN! Ugh........so I ended up waiting 40 minutes out there for nothing. I felt like jamming badminton birds down his throat....but of course I wouldn't since I'm a peaceful dude =). *Sinister laugh.* Naw j/k I don't even have the voice to make one lol. Best imitation I can make is the cheap laugh Mike has at times haha. So yeah......after finding out all the people were inside already.......I FINALLY get dressed into badminton gear.....and..........BUH NU NU NUH! JOE HAS ENTERED THE COURT! *Uh who cares? He sucks at Badminton =P.*  Yeah so from 2-6.....WHAP WHAP WHAP AI YA! KUM BOA AAH! Yeah Badminton was fun. Had some REALLY good games nearing the end, but at beginning....WOW DID I SUCK AT PLAYING. Oh yeah saw Big BK there too *Brian Kung.* JT also came by and said Hi, but yeah lots of people were there. In my group alone there were like...8 of us lol. Me, Lina and two of her friends, Josh, Gavin, Calvin, and then Brian. We played some doubles....me and Josh owned Lina and her friend lol...oh yeah and Me, Gavin Josh and Calvin....MAAAD GAMES LOL. Indescribable haha. Too many jokes =P. So did tha from 2-6. Lets see....made one mad play with returning smashing......two returns then WHAM THE THIRD ONE MY RAQUET FLIES AND IT MAKES IT OVER! IT'S GOOD! WHOO! lol...what else. Oh yeah totally demolished another feather bird...this is why 15 year olds shouldnt play with feather birds. Hmm.....what else. Beat Calvin in a quick singles game up to 7, Josh and I beat Calvin and Gavin....me and Gavin lost to Calvin and Josh....Gavin skooled Josh in singles. Great times this afternoon....badminton never fails =P. When I think about it though....yeah this may be the last time I see some UWO students. Kinda noticed that again while playin' with Brian today. I mean people like Ali, Mike, Connie.....such great people movin' out back to T.O. Wish them the best of luck on future edeauvours though hehe =P.  So yeah.....playing SC with Josh and them right now. Omg it's taken them over an hour to kill Josh and it's a 3v1....me and Jason died while back lol. Yeah it's taken Calvin, Gavin and "Vboi" over an hour to pierce Josh's D.  Hmm.....yeah and I wonder if Avs are beating Stars tonight.......I was gonna watch game but meh SC caught on....plus chattin' w/ Jenn on MSN right now.   Hmm.....speaking of which I forgot when her B-Day is.....and she wants me to call her then.....Hmm.....problem? Yeah just a bit lol. Maybe if I have $$$ I can buy somethin'. Hmm....yeah I'm out for the night anyways.....leavin' w/ these words:   "For God so loved the world that he gave his one and only Son, that whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life. "  -John 3:16  .....Heh one of the more famous lines from the Bible....guess just a reminder of what Easter really means. not the chocolates, capitalist commercials or Cadbury Creme Eggs. It's about remembering that Christ died for our sins, and rose 3 days later, conquering Death and giving us Eternal Life. Well yeah....I'm out for the night. Piano, Devos, maybe a bit more SC. Hehe lates all....and Happy Good Friday and Easter.
     

    



       
       4/8/04   WHOO! LONG WEEKEND!   Before anything else..........YEAH I THOUGHT THE SENS WOULD WIN! And it's SENS game Shawn....Leafs game? I'll call it that when they win Stanley Cup sometime in the next......75 years? Hopefully anyways....yeah so so far basically the teams I rootin' for *Vancouver and Colorado.....Sens over Leafs* are all doing well =D.  And of course FINALLY the long weekend is here. After a long waited week.....through many toils and fatigue....it's finally here. Easter Weekend. I'm just wondering what I'm doing though this weekend......so far it's lookin like this:  Friday: Good Friday Church Service, then Badminton, then Workin' Out Saturday: Don't know yet.....I still got Piano *Shudder* Sunday: Church, don't know what else after then....maybe homework? Monday: No clue at all.....depends if I do homework on Sunday  As you can see I'm mass future planner eh =P. I wish I was headin' out to Toronto this weekend though....I mean 4 days you can do some stuff...Martha was gonna have a reunion.....arghhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Lol I wonder how many are goin' to that though. Oh well for me....I gotta wait for summer to come. If any other Maafaah kids read this......tell the others I said hi =). I'm still stuck in good ol' Londontown for weekend....waaaaah Toronto!  And on a daily note......to summarize up my day.  Woke up this morning with the notification stuck in my mind of the fact today was last day of school week. So waking up this morning was pretty joyful. Though it was a day 2, no worries =P. It was a pretty cool day two, and of course just the fact it was end of school week.....that cancels out all possible sadness =P. So this morning headed to school with a smile on knowing "in 6 hours.....the dictorial attidude of school will be forgotten for 24x4 hours" =P.  Music class today....NO REP TEST!? SHWEEEEEET! Mrs. Wharton was unfortunately sick *mood change there hehe* so we sadly had Mr. Clark teaching us. Yeah apparently Mrs. Wharton was sick today so Mr. Clark merged the two classes together into one big class. Wasn't too bad of a class....played music like usual and stuff. Not much happened in music today. Just usual little jokes and stuff. Then we broke up for brass ensemble, wind ensemble and whatever the saxophone and percussion do. Us brass people just sat around twidling our thumbs...talking...which leads to this little quote:  Connor: EVERYONE SHUT UP AND LISTEN TO ME! I'll conduct =). There's only a ME in TEAM Fred: Oh yeah? Well there's also a U in SUCK *strange laugh like science geek from the Simpsons*  Yeah the main focus was probably Fred's line.....lol U in Suck. Never really thought of that play on words.....very creative haha. Oh yeah and heading back into class......found Tanis conducting? W...T.....H? Teacher not doing job? *looks outside* OOOOOOOH he's conducting saxes....good call =P. Saxes seem somewhat musically challenged at times thats all lol. Jokes.  Science....today we had 70 minutes to finish up this vector assignment. SO stupid. Got to know Toronto a bit better though haha...Gavin, Josh, David and Jason: next time I'll actually know where I'm going in Toronto....hey at least I know Toronto better than Dave sadly =P. He lives out there. Anyways yeah finished the assignment....then went out for lunch.  McD's for today. Yes some grease platters.....my favourite *not.* Wow took forever to decide where to go today though. It's kinda nice to have McD's every once in a while though I guess. Wait what am I saying? Eeew I should smack my head against the wall for that.....EEW what WAS I saying!? If Subway was 3 bux for a sub combo I'd go there everyday. Why must Subway cost more than Chinese Dim Sum it seems at times? I can get a platter of fried rice for the price of a footlong sub. But I still buy it every once in a while...just don't go overkill on $$$.  Bio class.....Saliva lab. Spitting in 4 test tubes gets you pretty dehydrated after a while. It was pretty sickening too though. Saliva+HCl+water=almost solid solution. Eew. Lol or maybe it was just the cracker at the top acting as a plug. I don't know but when I turned tube upside down....it didn't spill out haha. Lab was pretty cool though. I looked like a crack addict splitting up a soda cracker into 4 piles of crushed powder with a ruler. Yes.......I kinda realize why crack addicts are retards. Wow I felt retarted doing that lol. Spendin $500 bucks doing that and then killin' yourself in the process? Wow......you need rehab =P. Only another 75 minutes and home time! =).  English.......IT'S ENGLISH NOT HISTORY CLASS! We spent 70 friggin' minutes relearning the depression 30's. My mom n' dad pays their taxes for me to learn history in history and english in english.....NOT HISTORY IN ENGLISH....ESPECIALLY RELEARNED MATERIAL. So we spent our time learning about that....dunno why but apparently it links with our new book "Fried Green Tomatoes At the Whistle Stop Cafe." A book that flips back and forth between depression 30's and a retirement home with a crazy woman that talks 24/7 about random stuff and a depressed woman who eats a lot. REALLY weird book and I don't see why it's considered an "amazing" book. IT'S SO STUPID. But who cares about that..when it's HOMETIME! =). WHOO! THE BEGINNING OF 4 AND A HALF DAYS OF FREEDOM! FREEEEEDDDOOOOOOOM!  First thing I do for long weekend: HEAD 2 HEAD GAMES LOL. I know it's kinda sad...but hey it was pretty funy =P. Tried out BF Vietnam.....GREAT game but I prefer original BF over it. Got overrun on Omaha like last time. Oi and in Midway map.....watching the water go by while swimming......VERY nauseating lol. But it was fun times there for 2 hours. After playing BF and BFV played some Quake III. Haven't played that game in almost a year.....and only 2nd time playing. Wow......2nd, 3rd, then 5th place. Not bad for first  time playing lol. Arjun was there too....oh yeah almost forgot about that. I beat him =P. My style of playing derives from Adrian's a lot........circle strafe, mash keyboard to dodge bullets, etc. Works very well =P. Quake III is so funny and stupid...but fun at times haha. Got a ride from Mophead home afterwards. Dunno what Arjun did. Was actually kinda weird seeing him there then gaming with him. He's an alright kid though I guess.....got nothin' against him. Then again I try not to make enemies.  Like the Lord said:   "Do not seek revenge or bear a grudge against one of your people, but love your neighbor as yourself. I am the LORD."  -Leviticus 19:18  Sometimes when I think about Christianity.....I mean I don't see why people like to throw it away. I mean...really in the long run it helps you. It prevents you from doing stupid things and theoretically if all is done by the Book and His Word.....this world would be perfect. *Sigh* why must people ignore the Love of Christ? Life would be so much easier for everyone.  Like I was saying earlier though.....after Head 2 Head got home. Ate, Drummed, then SC for a bit. Played two melee games with Jason then.......HOLY CRAP 7PM ALREADY!? NHL TIME! Sens Vs. Leafs....  WOW Leafs can't penalty kill. And bad luck for them too...after scoring 3 minutes in.....Marchment gets a puck off his skate and past Belfour. Whoops? Hahahaha afterwards they'd lose anyways.....4-2 for Sens. I fell asleep though....got the score from Antoine haha. Fell asleep after 2nd period......soo.....  *WUMP*  *3.5 hours later*  Yes I'm awake and well now.....it was 11:50pm.....now it's almost 130am lol. I've been around the house eating etc. etc. Gotta sleep though soon...still got Church service to head to tomorrow....ugh won't be able to sleep though from a 4 hour nap...meh. SC? Anyone? lol j/k I've had enough of games. And I just missed Conan O'Brien. *D'OH!* So yeah.....nothin' much else left......guess sleep? Lol Later.  Happy Easter everyone!
     

    



       
       4/7/04   Stress: Something Joe FINALLY encounters in life   I've never really even thought about my life being stressed. I mean back in grade 7, 8, and even 9 everyday after school.....I'd push homework to very last priority and drum, chill, snowboard, or do whatever from 230-9. These days though......life's been a bit more difficult. I mean school I'm trying to gun my average up, and theory.......oh boy dreaded theory. Mrs. Mitsis is going to kill me soon lol. I'm gonna try typing this blog up a bit quickly, as by the minute I'm missing the Colorado Vs. Dallas game for playoffs. NHL playoffs kicked off tonight....and at the moment Colorado is winning 2-0. WHOO! So yeah this blog will hopefully be decent length.  Today like any other Wednesday I woke up at 630 for band. I got decent sleep though.......I actually felt well slept when I woke up at 630am today. Headed downstairs, quickly ate b-fast and then headed out the door for another morning of band. Gr. 10 band seems so easy now ever since I headed up to senior. I can sight read pretty much anything now. I just hate hitting really low notes on t-bone. Today we managed to go through a full repetoire for rehearsal. That's.......new. Lol VERY new. Usually we play through 10 bars and work on those. So I was amazed when we managed to go past 20 bars. NO WAY!  So after a grueling 1 hour band rehearsal.....I head to history class. WWII went by quickly. In a week and a half we are already done the war lol. Covered how Hitler lost the war, and how next day we are going to be starting up the Holocaust. Got propaganda assignment back too.....20.5/21. *Shrug* my marks going up at least =P. Hmm......yeah nothing exciting ever happens in history or civics, especially on band days. Too tired to pay attention.  Civics class I typed up my essay on JFK. What? Do I have to say more? TYPE TYPE TYPE TYPE TYPE. *TAK TAK TAK TAK TAK TAK TAK TAK TAK.* ZzzZzzZzzZzZzzZzzZzzzZzZzZzz.  Lunch time. Today headed out to Galleria. Subway.......haven't had it in a while and it still tastes good =P. Too bad Canadian Subs closed.....that place was actually pretty good. Cheap too.....closed down though wonder why. So ate that....then headed back to school. No homework or anything today too lazy to do any...I'm really tired today.  Math: FINALLY WE START TRIG! I don't get it at all........something about similar triangles and stuff and making lots of lines. Why does trig look so dumb? I have no clue...but it looks really stupid. Pythagorean theorem at its dumbest. I hope Mr. Gilbert doesn't screw up his teaching like last unit....vertical compression and stretch he flipped around. *sigh* You wonder why 3/4 of my class is failing math. I don't blame them....Mr. Gilbert isn't the greatest teacher. He's cool...but he REALLY needs to look over his notes.  Programming........hmm not much. Surfed net mostly today. Turing is getting pretty funny with graphics. My animated dude kinda walks properly. He walks better than Finlan already though. At least he can walk more than 10 centimetres without complaining about being gimped =P.  Badminton practice today.....I REMEMBER WHY I DON'T PLAY SINGLES. I'm HORRIBLE at it lol. Played Pokan today.....got murdered by him 11-4. Ouch. Yes this is why I stick to doubles. We also did badminton conditioning today. We actually did DRILLS. HUH? Yeah I thought badminton was lazy sport apparently they have drills for us too. Strange. But practice was fun. Played a few games....though I'm doing horrible for badminton last few days. Don't know why.....lack of sleep? Maybe.  Bused home then.....got home around 5. From then till 8 I drummed, did theory, ate, and then slept for a bit. Then theory class.  Managed to finish a thing or two.....shweetness =). I'm not as behind as before.  Got home....and did homework. Right now still watching hockey game. Apparently it started at 10pm.....Calgary and Vancouver started at 1030. WHoops so when I turned on TV Avs were already winning 2-0 lol. Right now.....9 minutes left in 2nd. SO yeah this blog took a while to type with procrastination and stuff. So yeah gonna finish watching game then head to sleep. So yeah today......wasn't bad of a day....I mean I got stuff done, and even fit in a short nap. So yeah I'm out for the night. Later.
     

    



       
       4/6/04   Lack of sleep makes Joe Sleep Deprived.   ZzzZzzZzzZzz.....yeah that was pretty much my day, so I don't really remember much. So if today's blog is kinda short it's because my eyes are closing on me as I speak...  I'm lazy today....so.......POINT FORM BLOG *yay people are going to punch me for this =P*  -Woke up -Senior band...I'm getting better and better each day =P -Music.......not much here -Science: BOOOOOOORRRRRIIIIINNNNNG......tried getting out of homework by saying I sacrificed homework through Lent =P. Yeah Mr. Curphey's response: "tell your parents that when I call them saying you're failing." Ow. -Lunch: STUDIED LIKE MAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAD......STARVED LIKE MAAAAAAAAAAAAAAD......GONNA FAIL BIO TEST LIKE MAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAD... -Bio: OW...TEST.....WAS.....HARD...OW........ -English: Kurtis' Romeo & Juliet play....hilarious hahaha. Reading Fried Green Tomatoes now. -Badminton practice: Geez did me and John have a crappy day w/ badminton. -Got home.  See.....I'm tired.....me....go....sleep.........ZZzzzZZzzzZzzzz
     

    



       
       4/5/04   *Yawn* What it's Monday already?What? LITERACY TEST RESULTS!?   Bleh.....Monday already? Bummer. Well I woke up like usual this morning...to a very sunny morning. I'm still trying to adapt to daylight savings time.....so boring. Well headed downstairs then and ate, then headed out the door. Ugh school's been so repetitive lately. I mean if it weren't for the english plays, good test marks and watching everyone get in trouble in programming class.....wow would school be super-boring. But then again...isn't school already boring? Hmm......today would be a bit different though as our Heavenly Father slowly unraveled the day he had prepared for me...  Well on our way to school....amongst the fighting over radio station between Patrick and I, and the constant debates on why rock music can suck sometimes (Lenny Kravitz=SUCKS) we finally got to school....and we were on time....almost late but not quite =P. History class today.....studied D-Day. Not much excitement.....I learned too much from MOHAA when me and Paul played it at his house over LAN lol. Oh yeah but then after all that...the suspense came...  LITERACY TEST RESULTS!? AWW CRAP. Something I've been hoping to avoid all year. Blast it finally comes. Then slowly....as I take it....out...of....the.....en....vel.....ope.............................................................  ......................................................................................  I PASSED! WHOO! YES! I'M LITERATE ACCORDING TO THE CANADIAN GOVERNMENT! YAY I'M THAT MUCH CLOSER TO GRADUATING! NO MORE PANICKING! I CAN READ! I CAN WRITE! NO ABC LEARN FOR ME! WHOO!  Yes I passed.....and then announcements came on. Lalalalala..............I PASSED! *Apparently 5/300 Gr. 10 students failed.* Oh yeah got course verification forms today also. Need to figure out basically my life by next Friday *eep.* Prayer request please? =).  Civics class we worked on our leader assignments today. Whoo.....I get to do a whole assignment on JFK. You know, Cuban Missle Crisis? Got assasinated? Youngest president ever of USA? Well I'm stuck with doing him....which I'm not exactly complaining about compared to what others got. James Naismith? I mean it's an easy subject but BASKETBALL? *Shrug* What kind of leadership rubric does Canada have? You invent a sport and you're acclaimed a "leader?" Wow......next time I'll invent like........Chinese Checkers and win that. Oh wait it's been invented *BLAST!* I still find History and Civics back-to-back REALLY boring. I don't get WHY this school seems to think it's perfectly fine for a student to take over 10 pages of notes in one morning. I'm gonna get carpal tunnel syndrome probably soon from all this writing. Typing's different....more healthy maybe? =P. Not. Oh well.....I don't CARE. Typing's more efficient then graphite on paper. And I'm rambling....  Lunch: Went to Jasper's today with the Mopsta and Mike. Did theory H/w and ate.  and Now I'm going to zip through the rest of my day as NCAA finals are on now!  -Math: Got bashed on about Nowitzki Jersey by Courtney. Who cares though she's wearing Iverson jersey....the jersey that almost every kid has even though Philly SUCKS.  There's a reason why no one buys his jersey anymore. -Programming: did programming.....drew pictures....surfed net. -Home: Drummed....sc......etc etc.  And NOW I GO STUDY AND WATCH NCAA FINALS!  DON'T KNOW WHO I'M CHEERING FOR BUT *SHRUG.*   LATES!=P
     

    



       
       4/4/04   Ooh......triple 4's =P....Final days of some UWO LCAC people   Yup.........it's already the end of the UWO school year. Lucky ducks......we high schoolers and public schoolers still gotta suffer another two months while they bathe in the 17 degree celcius May sun......or go back to Toronto. Bleh.....then there's us still toiling in our binders in our classrooms like there's not end. But instead of thinking about that........there's much brighter things to think about in our lives. For example.......church today.....  First day of church during daylight savings time period. Yup.....for the next "x" amount of weeks our human biological clocks are basically set forward an hour, meaning we have to RESHIFT our body's adaption from winter. So like everyone else I lost an hour of sleep *grrr* and woke up and then left for church. Yes daylight savings time seems to still have some people forgetful. I mean I've seen that happen before.....but what happened to Jason today I'd never think I'd see lol........  Basically what happened was Jason........he set his clock because I kinda reminded him last night. But......instead of setting it forward......he set it BACK another hour. So technically.......he's two hours behind at any moment. This is the first and probably the ONLY time I'd see someone fail to set a clock properly. He was wondering why he felt so energetic in the morning....maybe because he slept for 10 hours? So when I got to his place to pick him up...yes he was sleeping. And so I headed out to church then. He'd come afterwards but yeah.....setting your clock backwards more than it already is? Sad................lol  So got to church on time still.......and I had to do ushering this morning in place of Grace since she was doing praise and worship. Steph came afterwards too to help. Josh today was on Bass in Worship. Bass+Piano isn't that bad of a combo at all. Message today was about the verses in Chapter 4 (vesres 8-9) that talk about basically thinking of positive things....and do/think about things positive if you want the Heavenly Father to be with you. One song that really hit me was probably "Be Thou My Vision." The idea of Christ being my lifelong vision......fits theme really well hehe.  And then.......afterwards today NO SUNDAY SCHOOL! Today was the day where we head to Youth for Christ center and just have some fun.......last day for some UWO students. *Sigh* to think Conni, Ali and Mike are leavin'......graduating already *sniff sniff.* So quick......I still remember last year when I made a remark basically implying I thought Connie was 30 when she's barely 24 lol. Or back in Grade 5 or 6 when I played the piano for Children's Sunday School's Christmas performance replying to Ali's call for a Pianist. Seems like such a long time ago.......yet so short also. And of course Mike's unforgettable announcement time always after service:  "Hello everyone and welcome to LCAC. Is there anyone here that's new that'd like to introduce themselves?"  Yeah that line will be remembered on and on throughout the years lol. So we all headed downstairs after benediction.....and just hung around for a bit. Took a few photos....talked.....ate food.....  Well at the YfC place.......we basically just chilled.....talked you know good times. Playing ball and stuff. Wow.......I made 3 HUGE rejections today.......so cool though lol.......I seem to play better ball fooling around =P. Also Bump was fun....though I lost both times it was pretty fun playing it. I got some people out ^_^. And yes like usual Gabe was a beast at ball lol...probably best player at LCAC. Chilled with some people for a bit.....but most of my time consisted of playing ball and fooseball and pool and volleyball lol. Then one game of Big 2. Basically my afternoon was pretty fun. Our church should have more of these occasions. Yeah but I'm gonna miss those UWO kids.....lol me calling university students kids.....makes me look like im 30 haha.  Then ride home....got a lift from Pastor Mackness. We had to wait for Steph's mom and Gavin's family to come pick 'em up though. Lol so we all waited around for a bit. Kendrick started kicking Brian's car for some reason lol....and I got chased around the parking lot for throwing a volleyball at Victor's Camry hahaha. Gimpy in the end kinda beat the crap outta me but s'all good.....I hit his car and I felt sorry for the guy.....making a gimp run after me hahaha. Boy if he reads this blog he REALLY gonna whoop my ass lol. Oh yeah and when Victor was chasing me around ready to kick the crap outta me.......Kendrick took his car and tried to run me over too lol. In the end we all waited in Pastor Dale's car........and eventually yes they did come.  Hmm.........bleh after some running from Victor hunting me down and also avoiding being chased down by his Camry....FINALLY I got to go home lol. Got home and first thing on agenda: TYPE OUT HYPE REPORT. Done =P.....then..........SC!!!!! lol.  Yeah played a few rounds of that...I really suck at the game now.  Drummed afterwards...  Then dinner......mmmmm........food. And then after that.....well bloggin' hehehe. Yeah today was pretty cool day........I don't know why but lately I seem to not be able to fill in detail gaps anymore......my 3 page blogs have shrunk to 1.5.  Then again......yeah I think I should probably start doing my devos soon.....Purpose Driven Life= REALLY GOOD BOOK. I've been encouraged to read it every night before I sleep now I think. I like it a lot though.....probably gonna recommend it to a friend later on. Actually Lina said she wanted to start reading the Bible.....figure this mite help a bit =P. Oh yeah and just talkin' to Mike Chan just now.....apparently he's been operating on non-daylight savings time for the whole day. HOW I don't know but somehow he did lol. "No wonder why work today was so weird." Yeah no wonder =P.  Well anyways.....yeah I'm out for the night. To HYPErs: SIGN UP IN OUR NEW SITE:   urlLink    Lates.
     

    



       
       4/3/04   Why does it seem like the world is shrinking?!   Though Walt Disney sorta figured out the world is a small world....I never knew it was THIS small until today. Today at HYPE meeting I'd find out that Kendrick....one of my HYPE counselors apparently went to the same church as Jenn, Peggy, and others. Lol kinda funny to imagine that he's now my HYPE counselor. Today was a REALLY long day. Beginning at 8am with badminton and not ending until later after a game of SC probably lol. And blasted daylight savings time....ugh got one hour less sleep 2nite >_  Like I said before today my day started at 8am. UCC badminton.....yup once again I'm headed to the UCC for more badminton. So I woke up, quickly ate, and ran out the door. Though I was supposed to meet Thompson there today at 8.....I kinda was 20 minutes late lol. This time though he was on time......so he had to wait for me. Well my Uncle *who's name is John also* was already there when me and Thompson went up there. Lina and Yang were there today also. Played some mixed doubles game.....and then a guys doubles game where it was me and Thompson vs. my uncle and some other dude. We lost 15-8 *crappage* lol. It was pretty cool though....I've actually got a bit better now =P. Fit in around 6-7 games.....and then left for home....still had to do piano.  Piano practice....ate.....more piano.....then left for piano lessons. Wow.....fun eh?=P not.   Piano lessons......got nagged at for being behind theory....but my pieces for Kiwanis are still soundin' good.......JUST GOTTA KEEP THIS SOUND GOING FOR 2 MORE WEEKS...........AND DO MY THEORY lol. So yeah piano lessons weren't that bad. Didn't get yelled at =P.  And no time to lose.....after piano lessons went to hand in my Kidney Foundation canvass stuff.....but the place was CLOSED today. Ugh.....stupid form...so now I gotta go again on Monday when it's OPEN. Grr......waste of time going across London for nothing. Bah.  So came back home....ate.......played SC.....and then got ready to go to Wendy's for HYPE tonight. SC was amusing...I guess. I've started getting back into it again. I need a better comp....I want to play Battlefield Vietnam....gah stupid P3 800mhz......I need a "l33t" comp. Oh yes the word "l33t," bit overused by Megatokyo.......but what kinda manga would it be w/out the nerdiness? That's one reason why I like it. "PH33R MY L4CK OF B33R!"  So off to Wendy's house for HYPE meeting. Well pre-meeting to plan out rest of April. Before that though...played some PS2 w/ Kendrick and Josh. SOUL CALIBUR II= HILARIOUS GAME LOL. Wow.....playing 8 on 8 is so cool. It's like Street Fighter........but with more  bling bling and cooler moves lol. It's actually pretty cool game....lol cheap like any other fighting game but it's really amusing. Oh yeah and Wendy seems to complain about a 51" widescreen TV being to small. What's wrong with her?! lol j/k Wenders =P.  Never really realized until today how many people are graduating from University this year. Mike, Connie, Ali.......*sigh* so many people that I first met in english service when I first started coming. Also Connie will always be remembered being one of the pioneer counselors of HYPE.....her, Jesse, Amanda, and Janice were like the pioneers of HYPE lol. Mike....well he was always announcements guy lol and Ali well she's our present HYPE counselor......plus she's been around w/ our church for a while now....as the others. Gonna be so weird next year not seein' em in service....as they are back in Toronto. Well there's always visiting =P. But yeah just planning stuff today.....end of UWo school year is so close........yet High schoolers still gotta suffer for two months *shakes fist.* Basically this is what's comin' up:  April 10th: Easter study April 17th: Praise night April 24th: Farewells and year end party ^_^  Those are the last 3 meetings Ali and JT will be in unfortunately though.....but they do have their other callings from Christ still too. But it's for the best that they do leave since it is God's will. Hope they remember us and HYPE =P. After the planning and discussions *oh yeah I gotta type up email for HYPE about this,* had an IMMENSE dinner courtesy of Wendy's family and then HYPE meeting w/ the rest of HYPE.  HYPE meeting..the actual one. Today's lesson: Corporate vs. Consumer churches. Basically we were learning about how we could serve in our church *kinda like Spiritual Gifts workshop* but we got more in-depth with a church's image also, and how a church shouldn't be judged on looks but on the people inside. I liked today's lesson...and it got everybody involved which was cool. Oh man.......but Steph tonight was just lashin' out the burns lol.  Gavin: Yeah....my brother's been a bit mean to me lately. Like we haven't really been talking. Maybe it's because.... I'm a bit of a..... Steph: Jerk?? Gavin: OOw.......................  Then the rest of HYPE starts to laugh too lol.....then there's me  Joe: Yeah I've been thinkin' lately that counseling seems pretty cool.....I mean the idea of helping people w/ their problems and sharing your feelings with them... Steph: Joe remember counseling requires listening.  And since I'm a talkative one........yes the rest of HYPE once again chimes in with OOOOOOH'S and LOL's. Gavin shot back in the end though......saying something around the lines of "Yeah Steph is doin' all this 'cause u know.....it's all gonna wash away all squeaky clean when she baptizes." Yeah I bet half of you don't get it....but it was basically makin' fun of her baptism. Not very smart but it's all jokes haha. Steph then made more remarks....but I think I've said enough lol. Hilarious night though. Yeah......but honestly I've come to start to really get more involved with my church lately. Pretty cool though....I mean doin' Worship at times, Ushering, etc. On the side I also like to "counsel" people w/ their problems......great feeling when you see another bro or sister of Christ or even just a random person walk away with their problem solved. Kinda makes me consider Psychology a career route =).  After some prayers, sharing, and of course FOOOOOOD! Had some of that.....took a cookie and pop and then had to go home.  SO yeah that's the shortened version of my day......HYPE meeting of course also had teaching.....and oh yes JT's friend came too.....forgot his name though =S. But fun night tonight. Hmm.....things to do now. Set my stupid clock back for daylight savings time....and then sleep. Stupid clocks.......why the heck does Canadian gov't make us do this? Waste of time...and sleep. Argh. So yeah I'm headed to bed now......only got 5 hours of sleep left technically. Lates.
     

    



       
       4/2/04   Hmm.....Joe? Improv?? Uhh....POSSIBLE =P   Lol today I kinda got in touch with my acting side....I think I'm a bit of a ham.....but hey who cares at least I tried =P. Yup...Me, Heather, Katherine, and Robert's rendition of Romeo and Juliet: Act 3 Scene 1 (the rumble). Wow I never thought we could be so......dumb? lol. But it was a pretty good play......one of the more memorable ones I guess haha. Today actually wasn't too bad....well I enjoyed the day at least =P. Got sleep last night, and everything ^_^. So today was actually a pretty....well...."energetic" day?  Like I said I slept early last night (11pm....WHOO 7 hours of sleep OWNS!) and managed to wake up on time for once (6:20am or so). It's Friday so band....yup Senior band again hehe. Actually got there on time today though....hahahaha wasn't late =P. Today....hmm.......well I'm not used to 5-page long music in band yet......so I kinda accidentally skipped a whole page of music in Godzilla Eats Las Vegas. They were @ bar 40 and I was on 139....whoops >_>.......  Music class.......whoo playing test today. Eeew I did so bad. Well "chinese-failed" at least.....also a Joe-Chan-Music-Fail. 90%?! Yeah I know it's high but normally I can whoop those things to 100. Grrr.....oh well least I'm passing =P. Then we split up into our little groups for the ensemble things. The brass group I'm in actually sounds pretty good now.....lol Mr. Clark burned the saxes today also which was pretty funny....  Frederick: *hears saxophones* hey....I think I've heard that tune before....sounds famliar....it's actually good too. Mr. Clark: The first sound yes....the last one they made is probably a sound we never want to hear again.  Then there were woodwinds too....don't know what happened with them. Mrs. Wharton was conducting them. Oh yeah and the song Son of a Gambolier.......WOW does it sound good now lol.  Science....we did a lab today where we ran around da school with those trundle wheel thigns measuring out hallways. 3rd Floor reeked of something REALLY gruesome.....and I couldn't breathe going down biology hallway (pig dissections I think?) Both ways.....*shudder.* But lab was kinda fun. Mr. Curphey made Rhoden go last though....wonder why *cough*. And Pourier got another detention for throwing paper lol.  Lunch......went to Galleria. HAD CHINESE FOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOD! Haven't had that for lunch in AGES. Fresh fried rice.....yeah it  still appeals to me =). It was pretty good stuff......I might consider going there more often ^_^.  Bio class today........Wow...........................one of the most funniest classes ever. Ms. Wiener I think had a bit too much caffein flowing through her system....but it was funny what happened today lol. Just so much random stuff *can't really describe* but it was funny. Unfortunately I got dissed by Drew today. When she called him Joe by accident his reply: "How dare you insult me like that." Ow. That's all I could say lol. It was a funny class though......then she started ringing the bellringer bell.........and sang Okanski Happy Birthday lmao. Oh yeah.....and also when we started talking about old children TV programming......LOL. She actually KNEW Transformers theme LMAO THAT was classic hahahaha. Then Okanski:  "Man.......Power Rangers was so cool! I mean at first I was like 'whoa the red ranger kicks ass' but then the White Ranger came along.........MAN WHITE RANGER WAS WHERE IT WAS AT!"  Yeah my bio class can be pretty unforgettable at times. Oh yeah....now I know why stomach acid doesn't burn through your esophagus when you vomit...mucus protects your epithelium! But what about the sink?=P. Why's it stay alive hehe.  Oh yes........english class today.......soooo unforgettable hahahaha. The plays today were hilarious. Lol.....the best one I can remember other than mine was probably the one by Kelsey, Anne, Holly and the fourth person....forgot who whoops =P. Anne's imitation crying lol wow it was funny. Then again.....I think our play whooped some SERIOUS ancient Shakespearean ass =P. Lol first off though we had wrong 007 theme for our opening.........WOW JAMES BOND TECHNO W/ OUR PLAY LOL. Me and Robert jump onto scene with techno music playing in background...then I speak in Jackie Chan accent "MY PALM PILOT SHOW CAPULET COMING! LET US HIDE!" Yeah the whole class.....was cracking up through the whole thing. Mrs. Gayed couldn't hold in her laughs either.......Robert's Teddy routine......wow it got her cracking up for sure. Oh yeah.......and then for the fight scene the music we got was uhh........P.Diddy's "Come w/ Me?" LOL it was good though.....the whole fight scene was hilarious....and then the intermission music lol.....me and Robert draw the "bodies" of Tybalt and Mercutio. Oh boy good times good times hahahaha. This play's gonna be stuck in my head forever. Oh yeah then the Chinese Take-Out remark I made....kinda made fun of Chinese food but I had to say it. See there was this one line about sadness....and one part was "instead of a wedding feast, we are now going to be mourning at the dinner table" and I said somethin' like "instead of a wedding feast.....we stuck with Chinese Take-Out again." Yeah I realize what I said.....but it was pretty funny at the moment. Oh yeah and English test: 90% BeeHATCH! =) YEEEHEEEHEEHEEHEE!  After the wild english class, bused home w/ Ryan. Then went home. Tonight no UCC, no nothing. SC ALL NIGHT LOL. Yeah I know no life but who cares lol I'm dead tired today. So SCed, piano, dinner, SC, piano, theory, and now.......SC then SLEEP! =P.  Later.
     

    



       
       4/1/04   April Fool's Day: Was it playing a joke on me @ Badminton?   Wow.........I don't know what's with me today....or just with badminton.....but was April Fools plotting a joke against me? Lol I don't mean to sound cocky but I don't know how I managed to be undefeated at Central's first Badminton Quad Meet today. But yeah.......wow today's Quad meet.....TOTAL JOKE. Practices at school are more intense than today. Yeah though Oakridge gym sucks, their floor is like a skating rink, and their nets were always kinda sagging down in middle.....me and John still managed to shut out one team, and keep all the teams below 10 points. Well actually all but one below 5 points lol.  Today I managed to start the day off at 7:30. Yeah got decent sleep last night....wasn't too bad. French Toast for B-fast but we are now officially out of maple syrup *sigh.* So I'm stuck with....other sources of sweeteners for French Toast now. Grrr........Why can't we get more maple syrup. Headed out to school then....gave Patrick a lift also today.  Got to school......and wow history class got off to a REALLY lame start.  Ms. Manson: Alright class today we begin to look at what else was happening around the world in World War II. Better pay attention you gonna be havin' a quiz at the end of the day.  *class in pure silence*  Ms. Manson: APRIL FOOLS!  *more silence*  *Sigh * Ms. Manson's sense of humour for you. *ZZzZzzZzZzzZzzz.* After our class finally got the joke. Ha. Ha. Ha. .......... Yeah it was pretty boring as you can see. We focused on Russia campaign and how the Germans got their butts whooped, and Sicily and how Italians back in WWII basically did nothing. WHOA THEY INVADED ETHIOPIA....ONE OF THE POOREST COUNTRIES IN THE WORLD. PIMPS! And when we invade they surrender immediately lol. So yeah history was kinda interesting today I guess. Talked about more than just Brits and Canadians.  Civics class today: talked about the Prime Minister Pierre Elliot Trudeau....you know the one that had TrudeauMania and everything? Probably biggest PM Pimp ever lol. Dated celebs, known throughout the world.......yeah he was like swingin' 60's Austin Powers for sure hahaha. Also he pissed off USA, and united the French.....what more could be better =P. So yeah I guess he was a pretty awesome PM....*shrug.* Sounds more exciting than Jean Chretien or Paul Martin......most excitement they got is yelling at each other for a scandal that made Canada lose over 30 million dollars. Gains public attention AND hatred? Wow great combo.  Lunch..went to Galleria today. John didn't go though and instead gave Mike $$$ to buy John's food to bring back. Lol felt like pizza delivery boy for a bit since I had to caarry the stuff. Heather and Jessica I think is her name came along too......well more like by coincedence.....funny though since Nate burned Heather...forgot what he said but was pretty funny lol. Hermann also was acting like a queer today......I don't know what happened.......Quad Meet attitude? hahahaah j/k. But yeah today's lunch....."WEIRDED OUT" in quotes from Strong Bad.  Math class......yes I was late like usual. I kinda jumped in and asked "AM I LATE?" when everyone was sitting in desks and Mr. G was already writing stuff on chalkboard. *OOOOk I think I'm late* was my reaction lol. Mike then ran in and gave John his lunch lol. Pretty random I know....running into a classroom with a box and a pop? lol yeah I was wondering how embarrased Mike felt. Then again he ran X-country so he's used to it =P. haha jokes man. Math was pretty straight forward.....learned about "similar" triangles today. You know they look the same but ones bigger than other? Those things....*shrug* it's math boring ok? Well except for when funny things happen lol. Oh yeah and math mark........82 NOW HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA! IT'S GONE UP TWO PERCENT! Shweeeeeet.......now to worry about english *grr*.......  Programming class.....lol 5 people get kicked out 30 seconds into class hahaha. Oh yeah Ryan's back from suspension also *anti-semetic material on his site* but he was still kicked off comps lol. Dan apparently can actually make a Pac-Man game while we are all just animating Pac-Man. REALLY scary..........BUT COOOL haha. Hmm yeah worked on Hyperstudio.....I'M NOW OFFICIALLY DONE! ^_^.....not much else happened.....pretty much just couldn't wait for Quad meet.....exciting no =P. Actually it wasn't as I'll explain later....  BELL RINGS! YES! QUAD MEET! WHOO HOO! TIME TO OPEN A CAN OF WHOOP ASS! Well we left school around 2:40.....and me Hermann and John got to take the Taxi school provided haha. Arrived at Oakridge....and found Gym without much of a problem.   "Joe John you idiots it's over there." "HERMANN notice how all the athletes are headed left." "Shut up."  That was basically only problem lol. Other than that we were stoked and ready to whoop some ass. Now personally I thought we'd win........but not obliterate. Actually in fact I thought we may lose a game or two.....but no like I said we obliterated EVERYONE lol. It was pretty funny actually....playing at school was more intense than playing today. In fact some people are actually WORSE than Finlan. IS THAT POSSIBLE!? Sadly yes lol. 6-0. UNDEFEATED IN 6 GAMES. Sadly lol. I thought we would die....since I mean me and John we kinda suck but surprisingly we won all 6 lol. Finlan won one game in mixed....and Hermann was 6-0 also. Girls didn't do too bad either. I think Aleksandra *however you spell her name* will be pretty good Gr. 10 when next year comes. But yeah first Quad meet of the year.........what a joke lol. I started practicing playing w/ left hand and my horrific net serve. Oh yeah also somehow when I was practicing smash we beat Saunders 11-0 lol. So yeah note to self and other badminton players in London: Saunders, Banting *no offense Lina=P* and Oakridge are HORRIBLE lol. I wonder if STA sucks this much this year....I MITE BE ABLE TO GET PAST ROUND TWO THIS YEAR AT CONFERENCE =P. And oh yeah Thompson......he's got his smash back now *sorta* hehehehehe. Net shots today were actually pretty good though. Don't know what I'd do w/out backup haha. I'd be screwed in Singles. So yeah props to you Mophead...good job today haha.  Gave John a lift home....then headed home. Some houses in his area are HUGE. Apparently one mansion has an indoor pool, outdoor pool and skating rink. Wow. BIIIIG house. So yeah gave Mophead a ride back home and then I headed home........to my house. Ate some stuff, blogged for now....and now I am going to go do other things. Hehe lates.
     

    



       
       5/31/04 Aaah.....relaxing start to a week   I asked...and God provided. Not the first time either, which I'm thankful for =). Sweetness though....last week was one of the most hectic weeks ever, and today started off so nice and easy. Great start for a week. No work or anything....just watching the day drift by slowly....ahh yes that awesome feeling of "yup I'll just sit back here and watch the day go back." It's as enjoyable as...mmm coffee...mmm tea....  So my day today started with the awakening from my 6 hour slumber at around 730 or so. It was kinda weird last night. For some reason I didn't feel like sleeping, and decided to pull out my WOW Worship 2001 CD from my dusty CD rack...  I have no clue why either...when I bought it in gr. 7....I had never liked it thinking the music sucked. Hmm guess my music appreciation has broadened now though. It led to me listening to it for almost an hour, wondering why the heck I had never listened to this stuff earlier. Apparently Stacie Orrico existed back then...and Rebecca St. James had an awesome dance song "Reborn." Oh yeah that's the other thing...  OMG THERE IS CHRISTIAN DANCE MUSIC! I found a new brand of music to add to my already growing blob of listening music =P.  WHY DID I NEVER STUMBLE ON THIS STUFF EARLIER!? I don't know, but I'm sure as hell gonna be going to Upper Room or Creation soon to grab more =). But yeah...after reviewing a bit of PDL...I quickly fell asleep as I was dead tired...  So now away from that flashback. I quickly headed to the music room to savour what practice time I could for my trombone solo, and then studied the wee bit before the test we had today. Mr. Boldt was the weird person he was...some ways I think he's worse than McCumber. He sounds like a drunk at the front of the room when he talks to us. Well the music test was a joke...I only forgot one or two things but the other things were really easy. PHHT music history.....boring and useless =P. So 75 minutes of pure crap.  Then science. YES signs of year end is approaching with textbook checks and test dropping. UTTER SWEETNESS!!! So I get to drop my first test which I got 73%...yes that was my lowest mark and also we had some assignment to do that was pretty easy. got 95% on ecology test...yeah signs of the year end is approaching everywhere...which whoops ass =). Not much else happened that I can recall...think that was it.  Lunch: practiced solo. Yeah me and Arjun managed to get through the whole song! Dave Rutt then owned my song...sight reading it *since he played it last year.* Gah...to think I have to be that image next year in senior band....er in two years. Blargh.  Bio class: had Kevin Luzak's sister come in and talk to us about organ transplanting. I think I may sign a donor card...why not save someone else's life if I could...I mean I'm dead anyways...not like I'm gonna be using my parts anymore.  English: Cafe thing got scrapped for today since no one brought food. But we played this game where we had to identify ourselves from FGT....and then get in groups to make a skit. Ours was pretty weird...with me, Lilian, Lucy, Rachel, and Kelly *I think that's her name* doing the skit where Ruth gets taken back to Whistle Stop w/ Big George, Julian and Idgie * I was Julian =P.* Yeah pretty weird class...and we had to tape the sheets we had the other day about someone from FGT into a big tapestry...dunno why....many of us thought it was a waste of resources.  Getting home....I slept for the majority of the early evening. But before that....started listening to the same CD I was listening to last night and doing my devos. Hehe today I also realized that God had always made time for me to do devos......I just never saw it. After school everyday....I have nothing better to do normally so I SC. But honestly that game's gettin' a bit old...plus playing it for 3 hours is kinda lame sometimes. So yeah the one hour after school now...I think it's gonna be my devo time. Spent a good one hour studying Mark 12 after reading a section in PDL which led me to read my Bible then. And then sleep I went =)...  *Waking up at 7:30pm or so*  The time from waking up till now has consisted of watching game 4 between Calgary and Tampa *where Calgary is losing at the moment this blog was made grrr...* and also blogging, dinner, and gonna start math review soon hehe.  Anyways I'm out now. Oh yeah and on a side note...    I'M RANKED #107 ON GOOGLE IF YOU SEARCH "Daily Cup O' Joe."   Later.
     

    



       
       5/30/04 Blargh...a Sunday full of work   Ugh....so much work to do today...so little sleep last night. Bleh the two worst combos that can happen. So today wasn't horrible....but it had its downsides. For example....the whole lack of sleep thing, lots of work...and my DDR file went corrupt. Me, being the lazy one just shut the PS2 off while it was saving, so yeah I gotta start all over again *grumble grumble.* OH well.....least it's only DDR...takes like an hour to beat =P.  Well today started off at 7:40, getting ready for church and heading out the door by 8:15 or so. Grabbed JT, and then Grace and then we were off to church. Jason got a ride from Carmen and Lina would get a lift from Vince. I was still trying to shake off my morning slumber, as the ride to church was pretty tiring. Things picked up though when my dad started talking about the Saturn SUV, and before I knew it me and him were debating over why dent-resistant cars are good/retarded. Yeah I know pretty random...sad part is he says next car he's thinkin' about that SUV. Then again he'll probably change his mind again...at one point was Jetta TDI, then Protege 5, Mazda6, Mazda Tribute, Ford Excursion...the list goes on and on...so by now I'm not worried what he says about the next car.  We finally arrived at church at around 830....and got right down to business. Ran through the songs real quickly with Gavin, who got there before us and then before we knew it, 9:15 was near. We almost had some problems with the laptop....BUT I FIXED IT! MUAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!  Service today...hmm I broke my blister during the sermon....which was kinda gross so I rushed downstairs to grab a band aid...and also to avoid projectile vomiting if anyone else saw it. The sermon today was about "Pouring out your spirit." What I thought the message was this morning was that in order to fully believe in God....you have to fully let him take control of his spirit. The respone song I felt today was really suitable, being the song "Sanctuary" which goes like this:   Lord prepare me To be a sanctuary Pure and Holy Tried and True With Thanksgiving I'll be a living Sanctuary for You   There are a few more verses, but that one's my favourite. I like it mostly because it's telling God to prepare the sanctuary for you....not yourself, since this is something that only a power like Christ can handle. Plus....I also have enough burdens right now with school....so it's nice to know also that God's always there beside me preparing me with my spiritual walk, and also the other things on the way I request help for. I also liked today's memory verse:   "In the last days, God says, I will pour out my Spirit on all people. Your sons and daughters will prophesy, your young men will see visions, your old men will dream dreams."      -Acts 2:17   It's also pretty cool having the assurance to back up my thought of Christ always with me with this verse. It's cool to see how in the last days....which literally means as the end times near, God will be with all of us, every step of the way. It's pretty cool to know how there's someone always there for you....even if you're in times of trouble and no one else is there, except Christ. So yeah....for once I didn't zone out totally at the sermon....and actually enjoyed today's sermon =).  Heading downstairs after the service....BANANA CHOCOLATE CHIP LOAF! I dived on that, ate a lot of it, but was still hungry. So then...to burn some fat *fat? Joe? HUH?* Carmen taught CiCi hot to tickle me....which then got me on a running marathon from a 7 year old trying not to be tickled, as yes I am a wee bit ticklish. So then after that run, I then chased Gavin down for a gummy bear, where I emerged victorious with a red sour one =). Afterwards though....yes I was still hungry, and Gavin was also...  That was when we then stumbled on 12 boxes of Cup Noodles *aka bui mein.* So we took a case and started making two cups, when then the whole HYPE group plus JT, and Kendrick and the people that were with Kendrick wanted one too. So by the time we were done eating, we downed 3 cases of Bui Mein lol. Mmm......Monosodium Glyceride....or w/e MSG stands for...always forget the G...  Class....was basically an extension of Sermon. Yup...except afterwards while reading Jason's GMR magazine....Lina and Josh kept throwing a Tic Tac box at me...which then led me to throwing my duffel bag at Lina and punching Josh. Yup.....that's most of it. I learned a new chord on guitar though! =) Plus I know how to play a F chord now....just not well.  So then getting home. Took Lina and Jason home first, and then got home to see a whole lunch of Take-Out Dim Sum already out. Mom had gone to Dragon Court to pick some up....so...the next 30 minutes consist of eating, eating, and more eating. Mmm.......food......  Played the piano a bit, then trombone, then piano again, then played DDR. This was when my file would be lost....as I shut the PS2 while it was saving causing a corrupt file to emerge. Oh well....yeah like I said not exactly an insanely hard game to beat. So after wasting time like that.....and having some productive time with the music practice....I headed to my piano lessons, since yesterday they got rescheduled to today.  Piano lesson: I need to work on scales/technique more....and got a new piece =).  Then for the rest of the night....hmm some SC, and LOTS of homework. Gotta start on history, english monologue, study for bio, math, and music still. I got a London Youth Symphony audition on Thursday....and I hope I make it. Hehe it'd be awesome if I ended up being a tromboner in LYS. Shaunvir's tryin' out also, and Arjun's going for trumpet. Meh....least I can still sleep. I'm still boggled by how Jenn manages to sleep so little and not get sick...and still manage to go to school. If I get less than 5 hours of sleep, I don't go to school. Period. Yeah London's pretty slow moving though. Just lookin' at people like Rebecca, Gavin, and even myself....we all seem to be pretty lazy people lol. Oh well anyways...getting off topic there...  Yeah I gotta go finish up some work. Heh first average blog in a while hope you enjoyed it =)...  Cya.
     

    



       
       5/29/04 Short blog again   Heh yeah got waay too much stuff to do today...  Basically it went something like this:  -Set up for a Jesus festival thing this morning for volunteer hours -Came home....slept -HYPE @ Carmen's place...mmm food. Oh yeah was my first time co-leading a Bible Study! lol. -Home and doing the church slide show.  Yup....that's basically it. Later.
     

    



       
       5/28/04 Ahh...back to normal   Whew.....finally the week is done. As though it wasn't long enough...yeesh. Ugh this week has been filled with many ups and downs, but I'm just happy right now that my week is over and a new one is about to start around the corner =). So now life is much easier, without the bothersomes of band, I can sleep in until 720am every morning now heeheehee! Haha so Jenn's all alone now with waking up that early. Least she finishes school earlier than most of us...lucky bum.  So my day started off at 720am like usual, and got ready and stuff and left the house around 750. Got to school around 810 and when I walk into history...yes I realize that I did my essay somewhat wrong. Apparently we had to cite EVERYTHING and not just quotes....so yeah I'm gonna lose a few marks on that essay which sucks =(. I still don't get how my history mark dropped 8% from two assignments, so yeah I gotta ask about that next day. Today though we had our first presentation. Maisie and her 50's group did their presentation today, which wasn't half bad. Hmm after history...came civics...  Took up some of the exam....but Ms. Manson still has to mark the essays. So for the rest of the year....we have to do some project about us being a political party. I got stuck into a group w/ Hammond, Dave, Lindsay, Brittany, and Melinda. I dunno what they really did....since I had to go get ready for the spring teams assembly or w/e....which replaced MOGA....which is really gay how that happened....so after 40 minutes of class me, Dave and Pokan got to leave early for the Spring teams assembly. Yes apparently badminton was on the roster this year =).  So we got photos taken, the assembly was pretty lame...yup and lunch came.  Mike John and I went to Stobie's today. Heh haven't had pizza in a while....and I don't regret going to Stobie's. Mmm....pizza ^_^.  Math: Review. Programming: Final Evaluation. I think I did mediocre.  Then bused home....sat around at home, ate, and stuff like that...and then I had to go to the church for worship practice and also cleaning it afterwards.  All that took around...3 hours? from 7-10 basically I was at church...which wasn't bad. I mean practicin' worship w/ Gavin, Grace and JT is pretty cool. We had a pretty quick rehearsal, and then cleaned for a bit. Lol Vince was there yet again ridiculing Gavin's guitar skills.  Hmm so yeah today was pretty relaxing day to end the week. Wish I coulda gone to the Chrome tonight for the bboy event....but oh well things came up....so yeah there's always next year I guess...plus I haven't bboyed in a while now....almost 2 months =S. Gotta get practicin' again...ergh so many things I wanna do...plus now I'm also gonna try out for London Youth Symphony. Arjun and Shaun think I'm gonna get owned....but meh might as well try anyways =P.  Anyways I gotta go start the slide show for Sunday....and go grab sometin' to eat. Maybe I'll play SC. Later.
     

    



       
       5/27/04 Yet Another Short Post   Yeah another short post kids. Got so much crap to do the next while that it's hard to keep up with my blogging lol. Plus I've been on a trend of 2 hour naps...which is really cool ^_^. Blasted Flames lost tonight, which makes the series tied 1-1 now which kinda sucks. Hmm rest of my day went something like this..of course much more detailed:  -Music: learning minor scales though I already know them like a Chinese Restaurant owner knows Dim Sum -Science: Bio Test. I think I did alright -Lunch: Mmm Jasper's ice cappuchino rules =). -Bio: Got tests back. 75% on all of them....and 57% on bellringer. Lucky they worth almost nothing. -English: Finished in-class assignment, Kurtis still had his football gag going. Monologues due soon.  Ugh pray for me people....I'm actually working for once. End of grade 10....well I can't relaly slack off I've come to realize. Bummer if gr. 11 and 12 is like this...ugh.  Oh yeah also Arjun and Shaunvir said something about London Youth Symphony Orchestra...think I might join up. Argh also gotta practice Niki's and Kelsey's accompaniments...solos in a week or something =S.  Well I'm out for the night....just finished history essay and I'm really tired. Thank goodness I got LCD....my eyes would be burnt by now.  Later.
     

    



       
       5/26/04   Another lazy post   Seeing I only got 6 hours of sleep yesterday, and today was a LONG day....yeah I'm too lazy to make a good post....so I'll just summarize my totally bummed out day...academically at least. The rest was awesome =P.  -History: My Mark dropped from 93-86. Dunno how. -Civics: Bombed my exam *I think sadly* -Lunch: Went to Jasper's. Had some really spicy quesadilla thing with beef -Math: Totally bombed test -Programming: Meh.  After that day of school, went home for a bit, and then Stars of the Festival, where our band didn't do amazing, but we sounded decent. I left after first half....gotta study for science test which I was doing.
     

    



       
       5/25/04   My day once again ruined by English...   Gargh....I was happily going about on my 1st day back from long weekend, until I walked into my English class. Actually, it was at the end, that I found out I got 67% on my exam. Ugh...so my aim for an 80s final in English will be thwarted, as my exam mark is what's pulling my mark at the moment. So if I'm lucky I'll be stuck at a 78 yet again, and if I say do do amazing on final assignments then MAYBE I'll get back to an 80....which I would be very happy with =). At the moment though...yeah my mark isn't exactly the best....but meh 78 I'm not complainin'. Beats 72.....in careers, which luckily got bumped to 82. So now I'm just hoping for the best for the rest of my year. It's a given my average will be over 80...but I wonder if I'll get that piece of copper signifying I got over 85 average this year...  First day back from holidays was pretty usual usual.....got to school around 8am today since Patrick needed to grab sometin', and I needed to go talk to Mrs. Wharton anyways. Kinda funny though, it seemed as though school started pretty quickly anyways. 15 minutes passes by pretty quick. So before I knew it, class started, I handed in my music critique thing, and got 12/10 on my music log =).  That summed up most of my music class. Other things that happened included my music test reschedule to next Monday, and also notified that solos are in 2 weeks. Yeah I gotta get working on that.....blasted high A flat is still hard to hit. Oh yeah....and next year if I do well enough....I can do no work in gr. 11 music for theory =). So come on theory exam....whoop ass =).  Science class was next...where we basically did review for next day's test.  Lunch went to Jasper's. Food. Yup....what else to say I don't know.  And summing up my afternoon.....heh the format of this blog kinda changed....but oh well the Calgary game's on....and I gotta study for civics....so here it goes:  -Biology Bellringer: Smelly and I think I did OK. -English: Bombed essay...Yup....  That's pretty much it. Then I slept for 3 hours....and yeah.....go away now.  Later.
     

    



       
       5/22/04,5/23/04,5/24/04   Typing up my May 24 Weekend...   Yes....it is finally over...and once again I will be using the same format for mass blogging like I have with TC and Huntsville. You know, the Ctrl+F feature *Find feature* in your internet browser. So once again, if you wanna jump to a certain spot use the Find feature and type in the date "month/day/year."  Here it goes...   5/22/04   Day 1 of May Camp *and getting there*   So the morning after Friday....I got up around 8am to get everything loaded into my van for May Camp. The morning started off a bit rocky, as my mom was still clinging on to that stupid argument about the gas pump filling thing and was still peeved from the night before, so in the end I did forget to pack my coat as I couldn't exactly think too clearly with her yelling in my ear. So got out of the house as fast as my can, as my dad also couldn't really stand it so we were both working as a coalition to escape the grasp of my house and was on the road in no time. The plan of me goin' to Gavin's on Friday Night and sleeping over and leaving next day kinda got scrapped when I found out that my dad's headin' up there anyways, so yeah that's what happened....went with dad instead of Gavin's family.  So while on the road, we talked and stuff, and somehow I managed to stay awake the whole time and we chatted bout a whole bunch of stuff. Everything from cars, to stuff about life and of course just stupid stuff that I don't remember that well now lol. So one hour passed by real quick.  As mentioned, in no time we were at the Heritage College place in Cambridge. Much to my surprise kinda.....  WE WERE IN THE MIDDLE OF CAMBRIDGE.  I was kinda finding it funny how our church retreat....well one aim is to be away from our usual everyday distractions of the city life...and have time to relax and just quiet time w/ God....when we are on a main road, across from a Liquidation store and Zehrs supermarket. I found that REALLY interesting. Yet they tell us not to bring electronics. So got out of the car, and helped unload the stuff that my dad brought up in the van plus my luggage also. Getting there first people I saw was Steph, and apparently Calvin and Gavin were over at the supermarket buying supplies for the weekend lol. I said hey, but then had to help set up the sound system for the weekend for the seminars and workshops that the adults had. That took about 40 minutes and after that went upstairs and checked out the place we were at. VERY much like home....but with a few more things like a pool table, fooseball table, and ping pong table, which the kids and teens would revolve around much for the next 3 days. One thing that caught my eye though was the gym. It was REALLLY nice. Couldn't go in at the moment though as it was locked...so went upstairs when Gavin and Calvin also came. Oh yeah and Pau Pau also. So we chilled around for a bit before we were told to head downstairs for lunch.  Lunch today consisted of Chow Faan and some noodles of some sort. Think it was Chau Chow or w/e, I didn't have much of it. I ate most of the Chow Faan lol. So we ate for a bit, then headed upstairs for some free time and then our first Bible study, were we met our youth co-ordinator(s): Lindy and Thea. I say the "s" in braquets as Thea was more of just helpin' w/ the little kids....Lindy did all the Bible Study. For the next few days we would be studyin' the book of Nememiah, and how he rebuilt the city of Jerusalem after permission granted by the Babylonian King and also after it had been razed to the ground. I liked the studies for the week....and the first one for a first one wasn't too bad. Started off with gettin' to know one another, and then poof we were on our way =P.  After the study....FREE TIME! yes we got to use the gym. Me, Calvin, and Gavin played some ball mostly for the whole time, ranging from 3-on-3 to 4-on-4 to other stuff that resembled basketball *American 21 for example.* Heh without Jason there, me and Calvin ruled the courts haha. I actually managed to play post fairly well, and also made a few decent blocks. My stats for my best game was 6 pts, 7 assists, and 5 blocks. As you can see I am not much of a scorer, but I play defense a lot. Also couldn't score many points as shooting from the perimeter...besides the fact my perimeter shot is horrible I also took my glasses off after being whapped in the face by the ball twice and them staying intact, I took them off to avoid any further damage. So all I could really do was play post and shoot from inside the perimeter. I could still block though =P, and since Gavin's shot is a chest pass basically, it's not exactly rocket science to know how to block it. In the end though the team me and Calvin had won, as our one player Roy was REALLY fast, and probably took more rebounds than me lol.  After the balling, Josh and Rebecky finally arrived, and it was dinner, so more eating ^_^. Didn't really like the dinner as the dishes weren't that great to my taste, but meh can't really complain huh? So ate quickly, and ran upstairs again to have some free time before our final Bible study for the night.  Around 830 or so Lindy came up, and we finished the Bible study for today. We would continue on on Sunday and Monday, but for today we were finished. We talked about variables that could stop us from doing this for God, and Lindy used Nehemiah as an example with building the walls back up for Jerusalem to bring pride to God's people *the Israelites* again.  After the study, had some free time, ate some snacks before sleep, then me and Gavin took the leftover Chow Faan and brought it back up to our  room....plus some plates and stuff to eat it and also water to drink. Bedside fellowship was at our place, and so we chilled for a bit, just talked about our day, and also had some prayer time in groups. I was grouped up w/ Dan and Wendy, and like the other groups we talked for a bit before praying. Well not a bit, more like an hour of talking and then prayers lol. Sarah, Josh and Gavin talked for an endless time before starting their prayers, and Becca, Steph and Calvin's group I dunno. So after that, it was basically bedtime, well you know we ate our Chow Faan that was sitting in the oven, and also showered and stuff. Read some of Purpose Driven Life, talked w/ Gavin for a bit, then headed to sleep around 1230 or so. So that pretty much concludes my first day...   5/23/04   Day 2 of May Camp: Thoughts and Doubts   Day two of May Camp I really felt God's presence with us. At times I feel that God's presence isn't always a happy feeling of just like "OOOH HE'S HERE! ALL THINGS ARE HAPPY NOW!" I feel sometimes when God is around, the conversations that I have with my fellow Bro's and Sisters in Christ....they just seem so much more out there. I mean I feel God's there, but it isn't like a happy feeling. It was still cool, but the presence of Him helped us with our conversations, and really got us somewhere in our Spiritual Walk. Today, many new brainstorm ideas would shoot up, and I felt that it was actually a pretty awesome day despite the boredom we faced for 4 hours of the afternoon. Oh yeah Jacky and Carmen also came today *the Leungs* so we had some more people to chill with =P.  My day started at 730am with Josh's dad waking me and Gavin up. I slept in till 8am though, then jumped out of bed and brushed teeth and washed face and all that shabang, get dressed then head downstairs. Unfortunately the clothes I had intended for today got ruined 10 minutes into my day with me spilling some Curry on my clothes, forcing me to change 10 minutes after I had just changed lol. But after that, headed down to the main building for breakfast, and then a Bible study afterwards. Breakfast consisted of making Gavin's smiley face cup breakdance, me spinning the camera around, and a whole bunch of other stupid stuff. We ate, and then headed upstairs for some freetime yet again and then our first Bible Study. Oh yeah Rebecca's hair looked like a gigantic cornrow lol.  We continued with Nehemiah, and talked about how leadership is vital in accomplishing' God's will on this world. Hmm....by today I think Lindy figured out that many of the kids it seems in HYPE don't exactly like praying aloud, well I feel that way at times anyways....not that it's bad but I guess many of us are somewhat quiet, so she prays for us now basically and that's it. So then freetime for a bit, and then dinner.  Freetime was awesome lol. Ping Pong will be remembered with the dumb twists we made to the game. One started by Wendy, was the one where you ahve a category like "movies" and you have to say a movie title while hitting the ball at the same time. It's harder than it sounds....anyways me and Gavin butchered that and began to singing single notes from tunes *like 007 theme* and did that so much we just eventually started getting tired from laughing mor than playing Ping-Pong lol. We watched Veggietales also w/ the little kids for a bit, and me and Josh had a game of checkers. He owned me lol. Dan slept, there was some pool, and fooseball would be the centre of attention for much of the time lol. I'm getting better at it =P.  Oh yeah then game time or sometin' with the rest of the church also. I didn't really like it, though we came in 2nd overall. But it was pretty boring. I won't touch up much about it.  Hmm then dinner. Dinner was like usual....I didn't like it lol.  After dinner though.....UGH SO BORING. We were supposed to have a Bible study, but it got a bit delayed as the little kids were going crazy, and also the church going on there was using the place at the time too w/ us so it was a bit crowded and loud. The little kids are really annoying, especially Jordan and Jacky in my opinion. So with the 2 hours+ we had, many of us moped around and it was pretty boring. Jacky owned Gavin a few times in pool, and then had to leave. Oh yeah me and Gavin were really retarded yet again and we imitated DBZ with a volleyball lol. But after all that fun though....eventually it got boring, which led to a talk that me, Wendy, Dan, Sarah, and Calvin had about how May Camp seemed a bit lame at times. The talk lasted about 30 minutes, and it was kinda funny how originally we told everyone to go back in and 5 of us stay behind to talk about this issue. But it was cool though, Sarah made some pretty cool remarks, which I guess in a way makes me have a different outlook on her. She sometimes seems like as though she just goes along with the ride going to church, but she really does have some pretty sweet ideas. Dan also made some cool points, and in the end I think we really got somewhere in becoming better friends with one another, both Spiritually and just as people.  So finally we started a Bible Study after everything was settled down. We talked a lot about things we could do to help our church and even in our schools, and came up with the idea of the Coffeehouse *er mentioned* and also I brought up my hope of seeing cell groups starting in our fellowship. It was pretty awesome, and also now I'm hoping that we could have the Coffeehouse with WLAC. It'd be kinda cool being able to see the two Alliance Churches in London get together and just get to know one another and bring new Christians to know God. So we had a lot of talk revolvin' around that, and Lindy seemed to be pretty interested with our thoughts. So the hour and a half or so came and went, and then bedtime snacks and then back to our rooms.  Tonight for Bedside fellowship, we just chilled. Didn't have much else to talk about, and Wendy decided to lead us into some games. We played one of those games where you like clap your hands, snap your fingers and stuff and have to say someone's name, except the names switch around depending what chair you're in. And if you screw up, the guys got makeup and the girls got pounds of hair gel. Me, Steph, and Gavin were the survivors lol, and it was hilarious watching Dan, Calvin and Josh being turned into blobs of sparkles, or Sarah's hair turning into a shiny round rock from globs of hair gel. Wendy got the front all spiked up, and Becca....well.....Gavin totally failed with the hair gel so her hair looked pretty much the same lol. Me and Calvin used half a bottle of gel in Pau Pau's hair.....so the spikey part of her hair was literally a bayonet. Good times haha. Hmm if I ever get time to find somewhere to post the pics....or develop em I will lol. So after that time of just screwing around, they had to leave, but me Calvin Gavin Josh and Dan were already in our room so yeah.....we just chilled for a bit before we slept. Talked about a few things in our church, and just reflected about May Camp. All of us agree that the people need to pay much more attention to the kids and us, and also next year some of us may organize this part of May Camp.  Well Dan and Calvin left a bit earlier, but Josh stayed back in me and Gavin's room and we chatted for a bit. Mostly about what we hope to get out of May Camp, or why we are even here. I was at a moment thinking why bother coming here, or how this was a waste, but after thinking about what God's done for me this May Camp and for the others, I looked back on to the greener side of the pasture. I mean, one thing I always wanted to do was meet someone from WLAC, and that got done this May Camp with our co-ordinators from that church. Another thing that I also really thought was a great statement that totally eliminated the thought of money for May Camp out of my mind:  "Would you pay $120 to see another non-believer come into the arms of Christ?"  Josh said that after I was saying how paying that much money for a May Camp seems expensive, but when I think about it now, it isn't. I mean honestly I would give everything I could to see everyone in this world come to Christ, so $120 to pave the way for another believer, definitely =). So after that talk, we ended in a word of prayer, and Josh had to go back to his room to sleep and me and Gavin just chatted for a bit and then also headed for some shut eye.   5/24/04   Happy Victoria Day! Day 3 of May Camp   Er more like 2.5....but point is it was the 3rd day. Today got up once again at 7:30am from a wakeup call from the same person, but I would once again sleep in until 8am. I thought I slept in a lot, until I saw Calvin, who didn't come down to breakfast until after his mom poked him with a balloon constantly until he got pissed lol. He came down around 830 or so, just in time for the start of breakfast. So we ate, cereal and macaroni with ham once again, but no muffins or croissants this time =(. Oh well, quickly ate, had some fun with the camera, and then headed for our first and final Bible Study for May Camp...  We wrapped up Nehemiah, er the part that Lindy was focusing on which was leadership in our church. She left us with a few final words, and we gave her our emails....er me and Josh did so I could send her directory and that was the last of the studies. So for the rest of the time basically for the day, we just had some free time. We had everything though, the Gym, Lounge etc. So wasn't too bad. I played some ball in bare feet *which isn't the coolest thing* and also we had some games of some tag game and just chilled also and stuff.  Well lunchtime finally, and we ate and ate. Final meals, and I didn't really like it lol. All the food had no taste it seemed....well the food I ate lol. The fruits were good though...I had two apples =). And once again the camera fest we had since 3 of us have cams, so yeah we took lots of pics..oh wait Steph's camera also...not a digi but still a  camera lol. Also I decided I'd stay an extra 2 hours and get a ride from Alan back to London. So for the next two hours, we just hung out, took some final pics and stuff, and just made fools of oursleves like our HYPE group normally does =P.  Well eventually the time was up, and after some good laughs, it was time to go. I threw my bag into Alan's Cavalier *shudder* and then the ride back home. He had to take some other people too, so yeah the trunk was quite crowded. The car ride actually wasn't bad though, and I had enough room to sleep still so I'm not complaining =P. Got home around 5ish, and from then till now it's been unpacking, MSN, blogging, and dinner.  Ergh gotta start homework soon though. Well yeah that wraps up my 3 days over the May Two-Four weekend....not exactly like UBER EXCITING....HOLY CRAP I TOTALLY FORGOT! Gavin and Dan's Rave party Joke...  "I want to have a party" "What Kind of party?" *Both turn around* "RAAAAAAAAAAVE PARTY! AAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH WHOOOOOOOOO ASLDFLIATOIA HTOIAHGHASILF OSHG HGDB HFH GGH DFJGH F HYJGJSFDTJSDAOIJSHJD;LFGH L;KSJ HOIAH FIHGA HFOIJH JG G JGJPO!"  You have to be there, or see the video. Anyways, I'm out...hope you enjoyed this long entry, and didn't find it too hard to learn to use your internet browser more than you already know=P.  So yeah gotta start on homework and stuff...and play on my once again working DDR =). Cya.
     

    



       
       5/21/04   A well wasted Friday of Shrek 2, chillin', and got my new DDR Mat ^_^   Yeah....today was probably one of the best Fridays I've had in a while. Despite mom seeming to think taking to lanes to fill up gas is "normal," everything else went on very well. Oh yeah except for seeing the 3 inch ant that Jason caught in a waterbottle lol. Masonville was great, seeing Shrek 2 and bumpin' into a lot of people also. Finlan, Lindsay, Sarah, Rebecca, Ginnie, and the list goes on. Think I saw over 15 or 20 people there that I knew. Lotta people anyways. So yeah....If you wanna just read about my after school day, scroll down to near the 3/4 mark or so.  So today was final Senior Band rehearsal....well for this year. For Dave Rutt....and some others it's their FINAL band of their lives...at Central. For me....I still got 102+ to go through still for gr. 11 and 12....plus more if I join the other things in music. Awesome band practice though. Some jokes, playing....AND DONUTS ^_^. Mmmm....Timmy's donuts. So talked to Shaunvir and some others about the Senior Band future next year....and Jazz Band. Really hope I make it into Jazz...that'll whoop ass =P. Oh yeah handed in practice log also....still gotta do a review though. So after all that jabbering....it was off to history class.  History we just did reasearch. Really just chatted 'bout stuff with some people, and our group was trying to brainstorm what we'd do for a heritage minute. We still don't know....so yeah we gotta work on that part. Most of the time was just on work....so yeah room was pretty quiet...  Civics class we just studied once again. Me and Hammond started talkin' about the previous teachers that we have had since Wharton is out again w/ a hernia, so yeah we've once again got another sub. Apparently he has a different one though, which is kinda weird. Oh well....so one hour actually passed by pretty quick....and before I knew it it was lunch...  Played ball today during the time of rush dining. Shot around mostly, didn't play mostly because my shot's still horrible, so I decided to work on my shot today. Hmm it's gettin better, my post play is actually not that bad. Only missed like two or three out of 15-20. Too bad I wasn't 6 feet or I'd be playing centre =P. Best position if by my standards, or power forward. Point is....I wish I was taller lol.  So after lunch math class. Reviewed also. Seems like around this time of year like any other year, this time is either tests or reviews for a test or exam or review for an exam. Or a project. So all math class did some review of Sine and Cosine laws, and chatted.  Programming: self explanitory. We programmed.  After school instead of goin' to Jason's to look at his mutated ant I went home instead hoping for a nap. That never happened though as by the time I got home it was almost 4, so I played some games until 5, and then got ready to go to Masonville for Shrek 2. Ate some stuff, and then headed out for the movie...  WHOO I wasn't the last one =P. Apparently Jason was haha. Saw Josh, Steph and Becca first, than Brian and Jason. Oh yeah and Rebecca's friend Rachel came also. Went for 6:30pm show, and oh yeah....saw Gimpy there also. Didn't really talk to him though since well he is a bit of a jackass, so I just said "hey" and went on with my way. So while I was at the thingy where they rip your ticket....yeah I also recognized the person workin' the shift. Apparently Eric in our trombone section was takin' the shift....so me and him sorta thought "Who the hell's that guy? Why's he lookin' at me?" But afterwards we finally figured it out that we both played trombone in band lol. Didn't really recognize him with glasses but his name sounded famliar, and he did resemble someone I could recall. So anyways after a brief chat, headed down to cinema 10 to see Shrek 2...  The previews were all about cartoons and comedies since the movie's PG. So saw a few previews for some movies like a Shark Tale or something, and some other movies that I don't really recall since I was making fun of Rebecca's glasses lol. Oh yeah and the face jokes haha. Anyways the previews went by fast, and the movie started.   SHREK 2 WAS AWESOME!   Won't reveal any of it, other than IT WAS AWESOME! GO SEE IT!  So 2 hour and a half later or so, the movie was over....and a good movie it was. So when we came out I was surprised it was only 8 o'clock or so. So we decided to walk around the mall for a bit. I went outside to call my parents, and then came back in....and they were gone. Josh then also came out, and he also was surprised they were gone. So me, him, and somehow Brian managed to find us walked around for a bit, before bumping into Ginnie and some of her friends. Apparently she was gonna buy a Fender amp *used* for 250 bucks with a cable, but Josh talked her out of it saying it's a ripoff. Even I thought it was though...brand new ones cost that much. Chatted w/ em for a bit, then went on to try to find the rest of the people. While doing so stopped by CompuCentre where I bought a new DDR MAT *^_^* and also by other places. Tested Jason's theory of HMV not knowing about Jin, but at least now they have HEARD of him, just they don't know he has an album lol. SC Ghost is comin' out in a matter of 3 weeks, and also ran into Lindsay, Sarah and Rebecca *no not you Josh's sister I realize you were with us already.* By the time I was done talkin' to 'em, it was 9pm, and we had to go.  Well while waiting for parents, managed to fit in one round of DDR....on a broken mat. Ugh stupid thing making me waste a dollar on only two heavy songs. I coulda easily got 3....but it's hard acing a song when your left arrow doesn't work. Ergh so yeah I did look a bit "poserish and white" *quoted from Dan* and basically wasn't the best time of my DDR playing there. By the time I was done that, got a lift from mom, and we also took Jason home.  After that though....ugh my mom seems to love applying the theory of "Chinese women driving on the sidewalk." Now this may sound stupid to some, but it pisses me off how I was right and yet she totally ignores it and thinks she's right. What happened was while going to fill up gas @ a station, she parks on the right side when our gas tank is on the left. So I thought it was smart to tell her to move to the left so we wouldn't be blocking the people that may want to use the other one....but NOOOOO she seems to think starting an argument with me about how I was wrong and dumber than a rock and how she was right seemed to be more efficient than moving the car to the left to avoid retarded stereotypes and make ourselves look stupid. So in the end she did all the gas filling by herself, and then while heading home....yeah she still didn't really get how it's wrong to clog two lanes to fill up one car at a gas station. She seeems to think the 20 ft. wide lane is meant for one car.  So getting home, after my dad heard about this issue, he also tried to tell her that it's wrong taking up 20 ft.+ of space to fill up a car. She didn't really get it still, and said that both of us were wrong and how there was no problem of her taking up two lanes. Apparently her theory is she's only there for 5 minutes so she can leave. Well at McDonald's an order takes 5 minutes it's not like I'm gonna clog business for an extra 10 minutes doing absolutely nothing. Anyways enough of this, basically she pretty much made part of my night crash and burn....but I don't really care. If she wants to make herself look like she doesn't know how to drive a car...by all means go for it. I REALLY don't care. Yeah I know I shouldn't be pissed off at my parents, well God said so at least, but honestly sometimes she's so ignorant. Also Lina brought up another point. It's SO true that parents seem to think we need all the advice love can buy us, but when WE give them advice, it's worth just as much as the recycled toilet paper at a Loblaws.  But other than that....yeah I loved my day today. Also packin' still tonight for 2morrow....church's annual May Camp retreat. We up at Cambridge this year. Wonder if calls to Toronto are local. If they are I could make a few lol. So yeah better be headin' to sleep now, and also packing. So final words....GO WATCH SHREK 2! Later =).
     

    



       
       5/20/04   Yay day two of Pig Dissection!   Aww crap I can't upload them at the moment since MyImgs.com apparently only lets you have a 5 day trial with a free account...so yeah I can't post up my gruesome pics of the dissection. But yeah final day of dissection was still amusing, despite the smell of preservatives and the decomposing of the pig. But ignoring that, the cutting up of the pig and exploring the insides of it was still as amusing as before =P. The rest of my day was also as usual as the other days, with another sub teacher since Whart is gone...and we'll ahve a different one next Tuesday. Yeah I know so many of them...  So this morning I woke up at usual time, got the usual things done like usual, and then headed out the door. Happy Calgary won last night...hope they face off with Tampa, since I really hate Philly. So going to school, I guess I was in a good mood...and like usual the music sucked. Got to school, and since I left late I headed to music class pretty quickly. Oh yeah and the T-Wolves won ^_^.  Music class today....we had Music Council elections! The videos like usual were really funny, and that pretty much took up the whole class. Whew avoided chromatic scales test ^_^. So anyways the people I voted for 2004-2005 were:  Secretary - Lindsay Brown $$$ people - Niki n' Caitlin VP - Helen Kneale the Co-P's - Christian and Geoffrey  Those are all the positions....right? Anyways those are the people I remember voting for. So after the elections, headed to class for last 5 minutes, and then 2nd period.  Science: two words. ASSIGNMENT WORK. Or Worked on Assignment, but that's three words. Anyways that's all we did for class, and then handed 'em in.  Lunch today went out with Nate, Fulmer, Duong, Chris and Pourier. Ended up going to Mr. Sub, which actually isn't too bad. In fact if I don't play ball tomorrow, I may head there for a lunch ^_^. It's actually better than Subway in a way I think. So ate there, walked back, and played the 30 seconds of ball I was there for and then the bell rang.  Bio class! Yay! Finished dissection! Today we had to look at the reproductive system and excratory system mostly. Also, we looked at the trachea, kidneys, and various other parts also. Oh yeah and today's gruesome part:  Breaking his jaw open.  That was probably the more interesting part of dissecting today. It wasn't as hard as cracking the ribs, but much more sound effects. I mean, just imagine someone shoving something to pry open your jaw, then two strong forces pulling them apart so wide, that you hear the cracking and dislocating of your lower jaw and the joint part. After that though it was all pretty easy cruising. I decided to take a few pics with my d-cam....ugh was so friggin' annoying since my batteries were on low so I had to be very conservative with what pics to take lol. Oh well in the end I got 5 pics....hopefully I can upload em one of these days... so finished that up, and then headed to english class.  English we got some year end assignment where we have to act out someone from a book we studied in the year, and also we finished watching Fried Green Tomatoes....well almost. 7 minutes or so left.  So headed home then...and while cutting through the park today...*crack.* My bag's strap broke AGAIN. Ugh this is the 2nd time...except this time the strap was intact, and the joining thingy broke. UGH.....this is why you:   NEVER BUY CHEAP DUFFEL BAGS FROM SOME BAG STORE IN THE EATONS CENTRE WHEN THEY HAVE THEIR CLOSING DAY SALE AND SELL YOU A BAG FOR 20 BUCKS!   Ugh it breaks in a matter of 2 months anyways....so I'm still stuck w/ same old same old. Also this shows that my average bag weight for school is over 20 pounds. Maybe the government should begin to give us less homework =P. Anyways when going to see Shrek 2 tomorrow I also gotta pick up a new bag >_  Got home....played some SC, balled, ate, slept....drank the remaining wine I opened the other day. Yeah....sparkling wine is good ^_^. And no I'm not a boozer, I just happen to like drinking wine after school....average amounts. Anyways, around 7 or so called up marcello to head to UCC for a bit.  Worked out and balled. My arms are slowly going back into ship shape as I could actually manage to bench 115 easily today.  Biceps are still kinda crummy, but abs and other stuff is goin' back to normal. Never will I go on that 4 month drought that put my muscles back into the stone age. So yeah gotta keep myself in shape now...since summer's coming too I have more time =). Also we balled a bit in the end....didn't do much since the courts actually had people today...and also Marcello and I just worked out so our shots were WAY off.  Got a lift back from him...and here I am now posting my blog. Think I'm gonna go eat now after chattin' w/ Niki and some other people on MSN.  Cya.
     

    



       
       5/19/04   How HK Are YOU?   I scored a  60%  on the "How Hong Kong Are You?" Quizie!  urlLink What about you?    Yup....got a bit bored after school so decided to take that little survey. Not much to talk about today...it was same old @ school...band,history,civics,math,and then programming. Yup...  So I got up at 6:20am today for band, and yes it was early. So ate, got dressed, usual morning stuff and then off to school I went. And the music isn't much better on the radio at 6:20am. Same crap that it plays any other time in London. So after 15 minutes of driving or so, got to school. Fred for some reason got to school in a Checker, which kinda surprised me. Not everyday you see a kid go to school in a checker limo.  Band was just a run through of all the songs through the year. Apparently next Friday we got a concert. Also, I have to play on the 26th @ Centennial with the rest of the Senior Band. For some reason though they have intermediate and 9er band playing next Friday. So we ran through pieces, and then left. Mr. Clark has officially lost my practice log, so I gotta find a way to record down all my practice dates now.  History....oh yeah today we didn't do much since we had elections for grade reps. Lots of people were running this year, so after careful deciding *two I already decided earlier and one random one* I decided to elect in Fred Wu, Amy Chick and Burke Adams. Meh...if it's anything like the previous reps nothing's gonna happen =P. Hmm...other reps I didn't really pay attention to, but yeah I think they did a good job with their speech. I Think. So when getting back up to our rooms, we just did research for our projects. Ugh gotta start my slideshow soon, plus study for civics, PLUS do the essay part of the project. Ugh so much work...least May Camp will clear my mind out for a day or two =P.  Civics....we studied/reviewed for our exam next Wednesday.  And for lunch. We were gonna go to Starbucks, but that changed when Starbucks I forgot they don't sell much food. So we went to McDonald's today. Some random old guy was talking to John, and some random lady was yelling down the street also. Yes downtown is kinda weird. Hmm.....Jason also came to lunch today, and after eating we all just walked back to school.  Math: reviewing for exam....and the test also. So today we did review Questions.  Programming: Helped move tables. And I'm done my turing program =). That's pretty much it...don't know what much else happened. Yeah...that's basically it.  Then got home....balled for a bit on Paul's old net, drummed, SC, h/w, and tonight watching the Calgary vs. San Jose game. Hopefully they win tonight, and if they don't well hopefully the road game trend continues, as that means Calgary will win =P.  Anyways....I'm off to eat now. Later.
     

    



       
       5/18/04   Pig Dissection Day!   The gruesome smell of preservatives....eew. But other than that....the rest was fun =P. Yup....fetal pig dissection day could not have been better lol. My group consisted of Ben, Melissa and Robert, but for some reason they wanted me to do most of the dissecting. So being me, I had the honours of doing the first cut ^_^ and afterwards Ben would help out a lot actually. But yeah....this is really making me want to be a surgeon...or something of that sort =P.  Before that though....starting with the top of my day....and slowly winding down to the end...  Morning went by as any other usual morning, except no senior band today =P.  Music was first class of the day. Sadly we don't have Mrs. Wharton once again as she has to go into surgery to repair a Hernia or somethin, so we are stuck yet with another sub teacher. Don't know his name yet, but he's missing two front teeth it looked like. Anyways today's music class sucked....we did scales major and minor, and since I already know all of them from top to bottom.....ugh it was lame. He said he wouldn't teach us any way new to learn the sharps and flats, but in the end he did anyways....what a waste of time. So helped Niki with her stuff, since she seemed to not get this...nor did I understand this teacher's system of remembering stuff. Anyways didn't like the teacher much....sub teachers are pretty lame.  And onto science class. Did some stupid assignment which I have to finish tomorrow.  Lunch....went to Galleria....had a sub, then walked back to school  Bio.....like I said before was fun. Pig dissection was very amusing, though the preservatives did smell. Also Robert was being a retard trying to open the pig's mouth and eyes...though it's dead. I had my share of the fun cutting up the pig, and cracking the rib cage. That's gotta be the worst part about dissecting. The point where you have to take a pair of scissors, and then break through the ribcage by splitting it right down the middle....yeah that was pretty gruesome. Or the first time you open up the pig...and bile spews out...yeah I was kinda surprised that happened since well...usually dissections for schools don't have juices coming out of it. But after that one scare nothing else really happened that scared me. Other gruesome part had to be seperating the cage from the muscles and tendons keeping it stuck to the organs and skin. Ben got to cut that while I had to hold it....yeah dissecting is fun. I can't wait until next year =)....gr. 12 I heard you get to cut up a full sheep.  English class we started watching FGT movie. Not amusing...the movie really sucks personally I think because they leave out so much stuff. So that was the basic outline of english class. Not much work as we are nearing end of the year.  Bused home with Dan and Elaina, and then walked home through the tracks and got home around.....330ish? From then until 730 basically I slept....originally I was gonna go work out with Marcello but he's still kinda sick so I just decided to nap instead.  *4 hours later*  Woke up, ate, played some ball at Paul's old place and then SCed for a bit. Math h/w's done, and I'm gonna now shower and head to sleep. Got band still tomorrow. Later.
     

    



       
       5/17/04   Lazy day...hence Short Blog   Yeah...not much to say today...other than MOVIE NIGHT WAS AWESOME! Other than that.....the rest of my day went something like this:  -History (more research) -Civics (more debating...I was PM for one round =P) Oh yes and exam next Wednesday =( -Lunch...Jaspers (mmmm spaghetti & meatballs, and an iced cappuchino) -Math -Programming -Stage Band X -Home -Movie Night  yeah...that sums it up basically. Gonna sleep now hehe.  Cya.
     

    



       
       5/16/04   UCC Balling....Yup....   Hmm.......so pretty athletic Sunday. Even though it got off to somewhat of a rocky start, the end result of today was pretty interesting. I for one didn't really mind it, and in the end enjoyed it like any other Sunday. It's cool how God can always make a crappy day somehow turn out good in the end. He seems to make everything right always....no matter how wrong life can look at times.  So starting my day wakin' up at 730am, I quickly ate, did usual morning stuff and then headed to church, all ready and such for Sunday Morning Worship practice. Got there a bit late....and already I thought "Ok we gotta start this now." HOWEVER, yes....I still had to fix up Slide Show Presentation to fit with the order....something I believe Josh shoulda stayed online for last night instead of sleeping. And then afterwards, yup Steph wasn't b/sing when she said last night no trombone today. So yeah...basically I wasted 40 minutes of my morning doing jack, however harsh sounding this is but yeah I myself felt that worship this morning was not what any of us hoped for. The fact that all the songs no one knew, and low rehearsal time also added to this, making today like I said before not one to be remembered for effort. So Josh, Rebecca, Steph, if this seems a bit harsh, well it's true. I actually felt this way....and there's not really anything that can change history now. So when worship started...yeah I didn't pay much attention since I barely do anything today anyways....so I might as well had slept in 50 minutes and not even bothered going there early. All I had to really do is get the Slide Show in order...something that should have been done the night before.  Sermon today unfortunately still had abit of aftermath from the earlier things, so I didn't really pay attention, and used the time more for reflection....on things like "how did we even think of doing worship this week?" or "Why did we put forth only 60% instead of 100% of our time into this?" Maybe the others don't feel the same way as I did....but it's pretty crappy hearing Josh say he needs his sleep when I myself only got 6 hours....because I didn't know what the heck I was doing for the whole time while making Presentation. Oh well...so yeah before I knew it service was over....apparently thinking can make time go by REAL quick.  So after service, I went downstairs as usual. By now I felt that I had no need to be angry anymore at the events of the morning, so I went about with my day, and I felt more relaxed and not as peeved as the day went by. So first off with Bible Study, we had a guest Jason Perry come in today. He tought us a different way to do Bible reading (I normally do the Lectio Divini way...spelling?) But he tought us the AEIOU way:  Ask Questions Enunciate (emphasize some words) In Your Own Words Other References Use it  I guess it's a somewhat interesting way...and it never hurts to learn new formats of doing devos/ just regular Bible reading. Also with Jason being an undergrad psychologist...yeah when me Gavin and Rebecca thought we knew what the passages meant...he could ask the most simple question...."Why?" and we were all stumped lol. Oh yeah and Rebecca burned Carmen and Lina today pretty bad too lol. Basically calling the two blondes/ditzes....Oh boy lol.....never thought Rebecca could pull a burn like that lol. So me and Gavin afterwards branched out from the burn, and yeah that was talk of the town for a bit haha. Oh yeah and the thinking of how Carmen and Lina could actually figure out a Bible study together LOL. I know its ounds kinda mean but after Rebecca made that Brulee....yeah me and Gavin went overboard on the burnages lol. Oh yeah and also I made smiley faces on Rebecca's shoes =P. After the lesson *and brulees*, Calvin, Jason, and Gavin came to my place...  Where we ate Dim Sum, played some PS2, and then headed out for ball. PS2 was pretty funny......and oh yeah I switched Jason's MSN name...which he recovered but when he saw it *quote*:  "DO YOU KNOW HOW LONG IT TOOK ME TO WRITE THAT NAME OUT?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?"  Thank goodness he has message history lol. Anyways......after fixing that *I think* and whooping some ass on NFSU, BALLING TIME!  Basically for two hours....we played basketball. some 3's, 4's, and 2's almost at a time but then eventually turned into 3's lol. Kendrick and Thomas came for a bit also....and also playing 4 on 4 full court....lol it turns to be as exciting as golf after a while. Ugh....I need to work on my driving again....get stuffed almost everytime I go for layup....except for the one good time where I actually completed a decent crossover and finished also. My defense is actually somewhat tolerable now, though I need to work on stuffing still, but man to man coverage I'm getting decent at now again...well when I actually try to do defense lol *this isn't including our one on one games where a pylon is more effective than me Jason.* Anyways....so after two hours of that, headed home....pretty tired...and my feet hurt also heh.  Played some NSFU again until they left, then SCed for a bit. Showered, ate, then did my cosine law math homework. Ugh so stupid.....and now I've forgotten Sine law lol.  So....as you can see my day turned out decent. I think God put those laughs in today for a reason, as they really did cheer up my day from the sluggish morning start. Anyways...I'm out for the night...and yeah Thanks again God for lighting up my day =).  Oh yeah and Jason found his 3cm cockroach/ant....well w/e it is anyways lol. Hopin' to see it on Friday when I go over haha.  Later.
     

    



       
       5/15/04   HYPE: Yes back to its usual fellowship =P   Before anything else...I'd first like to congratulate my neighbour Scott Yaeck on gettin' married. Seems like yesterday when I moved in and he towered over me. But gettin' back to the main point....yeah congrats on gettin married =P.  So yeah as you can tell, today my neighbour got married....well actually his son Scott did. Point is someone got married to someone. That was just one of the many things that actually happened today....and my weekends seem to be pretty jumbled now. But yet they are fun....and I love livin' every minute of it....so starting off with my awakening from my 10 hour slumber....  I awoke at 1040am after a 10 hour sleep or so, and preceded to head downstairs to examine the carbon-based foods set forth on my plate that my cornea within my eyes are now locked on (LOOK AT THOSE BIG WORDS!) So after eating sometin, I then went to practice some piano before going to my lesson, along with talkin' to Jason about playin' ball at UCC today. Mornin' went by quickly, as before I knew it, it was already 12:30, and I had to rush to my piano lesson.  So in piano today, we were going to run through some pieces, until I opened my big mouth and said I have some pieces for school where I'm accompiniament for other people. After that, she then said "GREAT WE CAN DO SIGHT READING!" *shudder* The thing I hate most about any music. Sight Reading. Sounds so bad and makes you look bad....so we did that for 30 minutes, but it was good the fact that I now know my pieces better =P. So after 30 minutes, mom then came to pick me up, and off to UCC I went.  For the next 2 hours, I'd play ball with Jason. 1-on-1 I got owned...mostly because my shots ALWAYS short now that I changed my form for shooting, and also because I got lazy on defense lol. Beat him in 21 though =P. After 2 hours though we got bored, so then went and got a lift from dad back to my place.  Back here.....played some PS2, ate food, compy, and stuff. Hmm.....waited for mom to get back then her, dad and me went over to the Yaeck's to congratulate them. Eventually though I was only over there for 15 minutes as I had to then go back home, eat, and then head out for HYPE. Mom got back at 5pm instead of target time of 330pm so yeah.......we got there REAL late lol. But after playing some NSFU on PS2, me and Jason then quickly ate somethin', grabbed two Cokes and then headed out to Carmen's place for HYPE.  Today joining us was Vincent...who has happily volunteered to aid in helping HYPE for the summer....or aka aid in keeping us crazy HYPE kids below "insanely hyper." So today we did a bible study on Wisdom in relationships instead of improv night. Good lesson though nevertheless, with lots of talk about our friendships with one another. Pretty funny  though, me and Dan kept going back to the burns and punching/shoving into lockers as our usual greetings. And also was funny to watch Dan get soaked by Carmen's water tap. See her house is pretty high tech lookin', and handle for the tap looked like a soap dispenser, but when he turned it on WHOOSH! lots of water came out lol. Umm so after the study...which I was in the group w/ Dan, BW and Vincent, we ended in closing prayer *by moi* and then lounged around for a bit.  Then after all other groups were done...we went upstairs for food. LOL so many jokes popped up from this. Examples include Calvin's bragging about how he can turn his hat 360 degrees on his head without use of his hands *he twiches his head like 1000 times* or Josh's comments on White forks....yeah racism towards forks LOL. Too many to count...or the vector joke *Jason, Gavin, Calvin we can all clearly remember that right lol* and of course the "I'M THE WHITE LARRY BIRD" joke from Family Guy. Jason was rolling around on the floor for at least 5 minutes after that. Well if not ROFLing then LWHOT *Laughing w/ Head on Table.* Oh yeah and Calvin reffering to a Chicken Nugget as a Samurai....Vincent had to clearly state that a Samurai is a person....not processed chicken meat with breading. After the food fest though, we headed downstairs and watched the Chinese movie.....which was really depressing. She has the same cell phone as me though lol. Anywho dad came, picked up me Jason and Lina and headed home....taking them home first.  So last hour been spent MSNing, making Slide Show Presentation for Church and....dreaming of a band with Gerty and Joy lol. TLC Joy ahahahhaha....can't wait till that happens lol. Ergh pretty tired right now though...but pretty fun day overall. HYPE has gotta be one of the best meetings ever....yeah life would be pretty drab without Calvin coming up with another intelligent "talent." Oh yeah and somehow me and Lina said 3 things in  row that were almost the same....it all started with another cheesy burn by me....but for once not about a face. So both of us went "NO WAY A NON-FACE BURN!" then "GREAT MINDS THINK ALIKE!" Lol somehow we both said that at the same time haha. That pretty much sums up my day I think.....hmm yeah lots of laughs for today. No harm done though....laughing and happiness only increases your life span =P.  Cya.
     

    



       
       What a day...   Social Justice. As quoted by one of the people (something around the words of this) is "people taking action to social issues." Something like that anyways. I for myself, found it somewhat interesting hearing the biased thoughts of many intellectual humans speaking out against various things like Coca-Cola, the War in Iraq, Corporate Capitalism and many other issues. Obviously there were some issues I didn't agree with, but there's the pros and cons of everything in life isn't there? So today was spent much attending seminars (mine were mostly about the wars and conflict issues around the world), eating pizza @ Pizza Hut and coming home. Of course afterwards worship practice also....which we REALLY need to work on =P. Meh beats the more boring days of life though....i'd give this day a 7/10 probably....past mediocre but below GING AH!  My day started off at a healthy 730 once again today...morning went by quick since all I had to bring to school was a cell phone and my wallet. No classes today....since I went to SJN Now! meeting. So got to school around 805, sat around outside for a bit, and then bus boarding we went. I sat with Mophead to and from Althouse, and talked about random crap. Also talked to some other people also, but ride isn't that long to Althouse from Central Secondary School so in a matter of 10 minutes (we ain't exactly going across sometin like Metro Toronto) we arrived at the College by around......9ish? Retarded part was I had to go back to school anyways after the conference....even though I live only like....10 mins away. Come to think about it I shoulda just missed the bus and walked lol. Oh well.....anyways we got in, sat around in the auditorium, and then the conference started.  We started with a video, and then some people gave speeches. I kinda fell asleep slowly, but we were all dismissed for our seminars just in time, so no I didn't catch any shut-eye yet. Anyways....to my first seminar: War and Empire...  Hmm the speaker....Craig Simpson or sometin like that was talking about how USA spends way too much time on helping other countries, when their country is suffering enough. He actually came up with a very good point: with the $$$ USA spends on their 11 carrier battle groups (consisting usually of a aircraft carrier, 2 cruisers, 3 destroyers, and two subs, plus various other frigates and minesweepers), if they didn't spend it all on those 11 carrier battle groups, they could have probably solved their poverty issues by now. Plus....the money that Pentagon uses (which by the way they can use as much as they want) they could probably give Americans free health-care. Other things he touched up on include the 770+ bases that America now has around the world, plus the over 1100 bases in USA....all that money can do just WAAAY to much than can be mentioned. Basically....USA needs to learn how to spend their budget and also stay out of another country's issues. For example...also....America has never had any success in establishing governments. El Salvador, Cuba, Rwanda, and a host of other places. Bottom line: USA, stay out of another country's issues...and learn how to establish a democracy.  Seminar #2: Canada: a Peacekeeping Nation or Imperialist Country?  Now by the end of the seminar I still don't know where the dude stands....but my opinion is he was more towards peacekeeping, which I agree. However, Canada also does become imperialist sometimes, with capitalizing other countries with our banks, and also only helping those countries that may benefit our nation in return. Total human nature I know....the idea of helping and getting something in return...but we as people should really change that to God's image of helping everyone, regardless of getting anything in return or not. I really liked the 2nd one more as we had more discussion also, and...yeah I really enjoyed myself =).  LUNCHTIME! While walkin' in the halls....saw the Motorola T720's deficiency and how I'm happy I listened to the dude that I was gettin' cell phone from. Apparently T720 really does have crap receptio lol. Brittany Lockhart was right by the window on main floor and no reception sadly haha. Anywho, went to Pizza Hut with Hammond, where eventually we met up with Mophead there. Frederick would also be there, plus a whole host of other people. Mmmm....pizza. Pizza Hut so good. Well their slices are pretty good anyways, and we also bought a medium pizza and split it lol. Hey well worth it...more food than I'd get at Subway for the money I spent...only around 5 bucks =P. And I got....4 slices of pizza =P. Plus two cans of pop lol.  And we then went back for some guy talking about how his life got torn apart by Monsanto...the biotechnology corp. Unfortunately, I'm not interested in it...so I actually slept for 30 minutes, before Meg Tanner poked me, waking me up. Just in time though, since we had to go lol. So busing back to school, went to the music room to see when I'd get my practice log back, and John made a few burns to Mrs. Wharton lol.  "Hey Mrs. Wharton when are you going to get back from your surgery? Tell me when so I can start punching you in the gut again"  or:  "Hey Mrs. Wharton...while you're getting your hernia fixed think they'll give you a new pair of legs also?"  She's short...so get it now? lol. That one caused her to throw stuff at John though lol. Anyways after that, gave John a lift back, then I went home and immediately went for some sleep.  *Two hours later....actually more like 3*  Woke up, ate, got dressed, and headed for church. Though I was a bit late, we still got a few things done. I'm doing the presentation for Sunday, plus it'll be my premier on trombone I think =). Hmm....so we got some rehearsal done, and we still meetin' up Sunday mornin' @ 8:15am to finish it up. Then we finished, and I got home.  Yup....that pretty much sums up my 7/10 day. Maybe 7.5/10. It was pretty good though....and I'm once again looking forward to the next day =). Anywho I'm gonna go do something more productive than bloggin....like sleep or SC =).  Oh yes...and....   HAPPY BELATED BIRTHDAY JOY!  Lol....yeah bit past May 12th...but still wishin' ya a happy sweet....16?? I think =S. Well hope I'm right anyways haha...only 5 more months till I'm that old.  Later everyone.
     

    



       
       5/13/04   Senior Music Night: Wow.   WHAT LONG DAY IT HAS BEEN! Oi.....starting with a friggin phone call at 7am and lasting until 1130pm+...yeah I'm runnin' on overdrive as we speak. But it has been a fun day....sorta....but the night was insanely long. So right now pretty tired...but I will still push forth and complete this post =P.  My day started off somewhat retarded this morning. I normally sleep to 730...but was awoken by a phone call at 7am? Who would call at such an outrageous time I thought only Patrick could calling in saying he couldn't go to school or something....but no it wasn't. Nor was it a relative from HK or sometin. It was Robert Michelak asking to borrow DDR. Did I let him borrow it? Uhh.....wake ME up at 730am....I THINK NOT. So therefore....he never got DDR from me =P. Well now that I've been awaken from my slumber....I reluctantly....and angrily got out of bed....stomping down the stairs....and nearly falling out of my chair when sitting down to eat. Yeah my balance is VERY poor at 7am. So ate breakfast, did usual morning routine *earlier than usual* and then tried to kill sometime...played the piano mostly....and then headed out to school at around 745am or so. Yeah my steam wasn't totally blown away yet...and I was still pretty peeved in the car. Yeah...waking me up from my sleep is one of the very few things that I can't tolerate...besides hypocrites, bling bling gangstas, and people that put the definition of "cocky" to a whole new level. See? VERY few things =P.  I got to school 'bout 805ish and pretty much headed straight to history. Chatted with Ryan and Milosz a bit, and then up I went to history class....where today we would head to the library to do research....  As said....we went and did research. What I'm doing for the research: Canadian economy in the 90's. Bottom line: It was mediocre. With many ups and downs, and gas prices that are more ridiculous than tye dye t-shirts. Also our dollar has sucked over the last 10 years. Wonder what happened to make it plummet from 95 cents to 67....and then back up to 74. So researched for 75 minutes on our economy....and that was pretty much it. Me and Hailey couldn't really figure out this one person's name in our group. Yeah I know kinda sad....but it happens I guess *shrug.*  Civics: we started debates today. Hmm....so difficult to come up with pros for an issue you are always against *i.e. Same Sex Marriage* Unfortunately I had to support this issue being the "government," BUT IT'S SO HARD. Lol but nothing was as bad as Quinn....he was on the government side and said a statement supporting opposition lol. Debates were kinda fun though....I made a remark, but it was a crappy one. Got rebutted pretty effectively *shudder.* For abortion though, I was whooping some ass =P. Being against abortion is easy...as one big point always is that you are murdering a child....though it is unborn but it still does have life. Anywho....since it's an assembly day... classes were shortened, so by 1025 we were out and down in the auditorium for the student council elections....er more of speeches to make you vote for him/her.  Assembly was kinda boring....wansn't as good as last year's but I'm not surprised since each candidate had a $50 limit on campaigning. Apparently last year the president spent over $300 on his campaign....and I'm not surprised he got elected =P. Today though I liked some of the speeches that were put out. Though I sorta knew who I was voting for in the beginning, but it was still pretty cool seeing the different personalities of each person going up and saying what they had to say. President, Treasurer, and Vice was pretty much default...with the people that won it giving acceptance speeches instead of "voting for them" speeches. Oh yeah....and of course I can't forget the trailer for Phrinj Movie night. "Nitrogen is a common earth element" is the movie they showed, which is a spin-off of a 007 film. That got my attention though...so I'm definitely going to go see movie night next monday =P. So after that short assembly, headed back to class to vote. And this is who I voted for (don't shoot me please):  Minister of Communications: Tehmina  The two social directors or w/e: Melissa and Teefy  Yup....that pretty much sums up my morning....preetty boring I know...but at least tomorrow....my morning will be at the Social Justice Now conference...WHOO NO SCHOOL =p.  Lunch headed out to Jasper's today. Mmm....Chicken quesadilla and caesar salad. All for the somewhat expensive price of $6.50 (includin' a root beer.) Ate, talked about random crap....hmm can't remember much else...for some reason today everyone noticed I got new glasses...Got a haircut yesterday maybe that did sometin =S. Anywho point is ate lunch and left and talked also (not in any particular order.) Oh yeah....JASPER'S HAS ICED CAPPUCHINOS! I just found that out today =P.  Math class....finished cosine law....and really there's only about 4 more classes of math before review *sweet!* So did questions, chatted for a bit....and then programming class came along.  Programming: ALMOST DONE MY 007 ANIMATION! Only a few more lines of programming....and I should be done =P. Right now it's pretty good....I like it anyways lol. So almost done that...and today we also did some spreadsheet stuff. Final evaluation...NO EXAM! SHWEET!  FINALLY school's over. Bused home w/ Ryan and Dominik, and then got home around....330 ish? Anyways point is....got home, ate, went on compy for a bit then slept until 6pm where then I had to get up for music night...  *few hours later*  Yup, after a stomach-upsetting dinner, and a lift where I was drinkin' some tea to wake me up....SENIOR MUSIC NIGHT. Ugh I played horrifically tonight, but point is the band still sounded good...along with the other ensembles =). 4 hours of pure senior music. I didn't mind it...in fact I enjoyed much of it. Though I had a bit of an upset stomach, but after a word of prayer....and just complaining in my head....it wasn't much of a bother after a while. Jazz band was amazing like usual....but the best part of tonight HAD to be the song that goes with the movie "Nitrogen is a Common Earth Element." LOL it was EXACTLY like an actual 007 movie theme song....and was written by none other...than the infamous Dave Rutt =P. Lol hilarious song though....you know a song's gonna be a hit single when it's a song about Nitrogen. Hysterical though....and then after that we went on with the rest of our program. Choir *shudder* and some other ensembles....and to close it off was us...the senior band. Ugh stupid cell phone....I accidentally left it on vibrate during intermission....well I think I did I doubt Maisie even could figure out how....and was so annoying throughout performance when my parents for some reason called me 10 times. If I don't answer it the first time....I WON'T ANSWER IT THE 10TH TIME! It's like charades....  "IF THE ANSWER'S NOT RIGHT THE FIRST TIME DAMNIT IT'S NOT RIGHT THE 2ND OR 3RD TIME!"         -Stewie Griffin  Yes a family guy quote....but I really agree with it lol. Well eventually the night did end....with the senior band *the one I'm in* ending off the night with "Do Not Go Gentle Into That Good Night," "Godzilla attacks Las Vegas," and "Vesuvius." Great pieces, and if you wanna hear us play Vesuvius....go to the "Stars of the Festival" concert on May 26th @ Centennial Hall. Out of 20 performances, 11 are from Central =).  Anyways....Mophead gave me a lift back home....and here I am now, an hour later @ 1225am....technically Friday Morning posting up this blog. Chatted with Jenn, Peggy, Vikki and some other TCers and people on MSN for a bit...and now I say "Au Revoir."  Au Revoir.
     

    



       
       5/12/04   Short day, Short hair   Summarizing my day today:  -Band -Music -Science -Lunch -Bio (failed a test I think) -English -Haircut (My hair is REALLY short now) -Music Night (Saw Lina, Jason, Brian, etc.)  I'm off now. Bye.
     

    



       
       5/11/04   Another lazy day   Brain...slowly.......changing.....to.....summer mode.  Ugh my mind's functions are slowly detereorating from school mode now. I can barely think these last few days, and sleep is becoming more and more needed. But to think.......11 more day 1's and 11 more day 2's and school's over. Well exams but then school's over. Exams are a breeze anyways. Ergh....but this is when intense schoolage happens. Like today....  Senior band..we got music night on Thursday and Intermediates tomorrow. I just hope we sound good. This morning we had a 1.5 hour rehearsal, though it was a late start day, but regardless I still had to be at school by 730am. Argh.....so early...but it's worth it for senior band I think sometimes. Sound so much better than intermediate....and much more productive. So we ran through pieces this morning, and got out at 910, just before class started *late start day.* Oh yes and of course...morning routine before going to school hehe forgot to mention but yes it did occur =P.  History class......Ms. Manson had to go to a track meet so she quickly assigned us to our groups for the final year end group project, and then left. Hmm....well I'm doing present day Canadian Economics. Wow....our dollar sucks and gas prices make buses look more and more appealing each day. I mean subway is self explanitory to look good......but BUSES?! AND LONDON BUSES!? *shudder.* Stupid gas prices. Hmm...my group pretty much is people I've never worked with, so can't really say much about them. Maisie's with....uhh....some other group? lol. Hmm...so yeah not much in history. Chose groups and then bell rang...  Civics class: We didn't do anything for first half with no teacher, but Mr. Baldwin eventually came in after realizing he had an on-call. Actually he was pretty funny today...had some good jokes that made most of the class crack up. Then he left....and another teacher came in *Mr. Brown?* or sometin like that. We did more debating....I didn't talk much *GASP* and just sat there reading the proposed bills each class made for civics. Hmm....Marijuana legalization, Same Sex Marriage, Euthanasia, and some other ones. *Shrug* easy debating issues I find. Oh well....but that's for next day. For now....  LUNCH! Jasper's...had some sorta pasta that cost me 5 bucks. Just found out Mophead's meal everyday would normally cost 4 bucks for me....and it is a lot more filling. But Alfredo pasta is SOOOO good... Ugh descisions descisions.  Beats BK though where every burger just looks like a different form of grease =P.  Ok summarizing rest of my day:  Math Programming Home.  Yup...that's pretty much it. Use your imagination to fill them in. I'll help with a few things though. Example A: While I was doing science h/w today, I had to go outside and stare at my garden and somehow manage to make up and ecosystem. While doing this process...a bumble bee comes by...and for anyone that doesn't know me I HATE BEES. So seeing it....and it approaching closer and closer I turn and flee....eventually hiding behind my minivan in hopes the bumblebee is out of my testing area for lifeforms. After doing that....I ran inside then....and finished my project behind a window. Event B: Played ball w/ Patrick for a bit....I WON! HAH! Oh yes and also no drumsticks at the moment as for some reason they've gone missing.  Anywho.....use your imagination for the rest. Studyin' for bio then I'm out.  By the way Jenn.....REAL sorry to hear your blog went BOKAN! to the extreme. Mine kinda did...but I'm salvaging what i can =S. Ugh shoulda listened to Jason. Yet again he is right in life *shakes fist.*  Later.
     

    



       
       5/10/04   May 10th: Marking the final month of school   Yup.....this is really the home stretch...only I think 10 more classes of each day 1 and 2 and then it's exams.....and then I'm done Gr. 10....well I doubt I'll fail it. Right now where I stand it's impossible for me to fail any class =P. So I'm not really worrying....and stress levels are at an all time low *whoo!* So yeah right now life's good with theory done, slowin' down on piano since exam ain't for another 7 months or so, and school's almost over. HOME STRETCH!!!!!!  Woke up at 730 this morning for school. I'm feelin' a lot better now compared to other days as I'm not as sick, and I felt a lot better with my new prescription glasses today and didn't feel like I was going to puke. So headed downstairs after doin' morning routine, ate, packed my bags and then left for school...  Finally getting to school around 810 or so, I quickly tread to music class since the bell was going to ring in 5. So got ready for music and stuff, Arjun has figured out the accompinament for my trombone solo which is good news. Hehe I didn't really start practicing Niki's or Kelsey's until today.....gotta make it good so they don't kill me if I suck lol. So today in music class some woman came in to sub for Wharton since they didn't get back from NYC until 2am, but unfortunately this teacher doesn't know jack about music. So me and Amy in the end begun conducting the class, which wasn't exactly the greatest thing in the world but hey we managed to get some work done lol. And then for rep I played Bradburn's sax parts.....so yeah wasn't a productive class...who cares though we need one of those every once in a while =P.  Science....we have a lab due for Wednesday that's about looking at our front lawn, and then we also watched some lame video. VERY boring stuff. Science never really gets better....just worse (ie we don't get to go to Zoo like the other classes =@).  Lunch: Mike, John and I headed down to Galleria where I got that breakfast thing from International Soups like usual if I go to Galleria. Ate that, talked for a bit, NYC apparently whooped ass according to John. Ugh now I REALLY regret I didn't join senior band earlier lol. Oh well...least I get to go next year.....and the year after if I decide to take music in gr. 12 also =P. So after lunch.....ugh the wonderful world of Biology...where we are learning taxonomy and finishing up the respiratory system.  Bio class started REALLY slow for me as I was sleeping for first half. Then we did our respiratory lab....where I found out my lung capacity really sucks lol, and then started taxonomy. My way of remembering the different classification names:  King Phillip Can Order Farm Grown Straberries Kingdom Phylum Class Order Family Genus Species  Brilliant eh?! Lol....apparently much of the class likes my little creation there haha. Took up a sheet of fill in the blanks, and stuff....didn't really do much but the lab was fun. Got to run around the hallways to see how much breathing I need after running.  English: We did these stupid FGT Questions.  And then Stage Band X Practice. Last practice of the year for us before our big Spring Concert. It was a good run through of the songs, and pretty funny when Dave Rutt was conducting w/ his trombone haha. Hmm...what else happened I don't know...we ran through music, and stuff....and Mrs. Wharton approved my solo piece for year end assignment. Not much else I don't think....*shrug*  And heading home. Hmm since I had to wait for bus, I read a bit of Purpose Driven Life while waiting. Also, while waiting at my bus stop today though....I thought I saw a person from LCAC. Problem is though...  I don't know who it is. I know she goes to my church.....but I've never talked to her, or even tried to meet her. I guess it's kinda weird how I barely even know the person, but not until like a week ago did I even know she's in gr. 12. She's in the Chinese congregation, and this just shows how seperated the English ministry can be from Chinese. I really hope that changes though, as it did feel kinda weird....like the feeling of "OH I KNOW THEM.....wait do I?" Hmm....never really thought of it as a prayer request sorta thing....but I would really like to see more church unity between the two congregations. Felt so weird seeing a fellow church member walk by, yet I can't even say hi since I don't even know who she is.  Well anyways.....bused home....just got home before rain started pouring. HOLY CRAP it was a friggin' monsoon here for most of the afternoon. Hail, rain, Lightning, etc. Rain got so heavy at a time while playing SC that I couldn't even see out of my window. Pissed me off too since my compy shut down twice because of power surges *ugh.* That then made me restart my compy, and also downed my uptime for my comp. Oh well....anyways after stable power was back, I played a bit of RollerCoaster Tycoon for some reason, and then some SC where I whooped some ass along w/ Jason and some other random people on Bnet.  So did that for abit, then drummed, dinner, showered, and some other stuff in no particular order. Hmm.....Flyers won tonight I think....well 5-0 by 2nd period says something...and I'm now gonna head to sleep. Whee late start day tomorrow. Too bad I have band....but at least it's still an hour later =P.  Cya.
     

    



       
       5/9/04   Happy Mother's Day!   HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY TO EVERYONE!  Now that that's outta my system....well to the other parts of my day =P. It was typical Sunday I guess + some other things occuring....like today I got a new pair of glasses to replace the pair I broke on Friday =P. YAY I'M NOT BLIND NO MORE! Lol. Other than that it was usual SC, h/w, and MSN. Argh my life seems more drab as it goes by during the school year. Ugh hurry up and come faster.....Stupid June *shakes fist.* Thinks it's so great hiding behind May.......waaaaargh! Anyways though enough about rambling about how June's hiding....  I awoke this morning to the sound of cheesy radio music emitting from the radio downstairs. Ugh stupid 101.3......the channel that everyone over 40 seems to enjoy. Argh....so forcing myself out of bed....I finally get out, head downstairs, and you know the usual routine by now after 108 entries. So after doing all that, I pick up my bag, and head for the car. Only had to drive to Lina's today since Carmen was giving Jason a lift. So left a bit later, picked up Lina, and then headed for church...  At church today....we did what a church should do I believe.....have a Mother's Day service =P. Yeah today's service talked about how moms have done so much for us in the past, and how we should honour them *and of course our fathers.* It's a good reminder. Repetitive things can benefit on the occassion..and this is one of them. So today during service being half blind wasn't TOO bad. Got a seat in front row....but did the slide shifting which isn't smart when you don't have glasses since I can barely see the words lol. Service also started late because Gavin snapped a guitar string, but things went underway pretty quickly after gettin' that fixed. So service today was rotating around mother's day... and it went by fairly quickly today. After service though....wow most Anti-Gavin guitar bashing I've ever heard courtesy of Victor and Vince lol.  "GEEZ LEARN A BETTER STRUM PATTERN" "PLAY SOMETHING OUT OF G" "YOU KNOW GUITAR'S HAVE MORE MUSIC VARIETY THAN THAT" "YOU KNOW WHAT YOUR STRUM PATTERN IS? THE OASIS PATTERN!"  So while being bashed by these "critics," I went on putting away the projector and stuff, while Gavin was packing his things and simultaneously being ridiculed by the Fung brothers lol. Then we headed downstairs and ate some stuff before class started...  Class consisted of finishing up book of Jonah. First thing Pastor Dale asked us was what we think is a "right" form of anger. After using the example of Jesus getting mad at the merchants selling stuff in front of the church *as the church is a place of worship....not to sell stuff* we then went on about our personal ones. I said hypocrites....and then went on about the theory of how lots of people think they're so "ghetto" when the silver chain they have around their neck is worth more than a house block in say......Harlem. "Ghetto gangstas" for sure...lol makes me laugh though when I see FOB gangstas lmao. Lol gangstas with the poorest command of english I've seen in my life lol. Funny stuff....especially at Pac Mall seeing them lol. Anyways.....Vince and Victor went on with the "Gavin sucks on guitar" routine and the other came up with their own things. Anyways we finished the book after some discussion, and then communion. Then we got home.  Home......hmm today went to get glasses after lunch, came back for some SC, then went back out to pick them up....then more SC lol. After that though sat around for a bit, drummed, ate, talked to Jenn and some others on MSN for a bit....and then did the most weird thing I've done in a while:  Internet games. Somehow me, Lina and Jason got hooked on Yahoo! Pool lol. So played that for over an hour, with dinner, and fiddling with my new cell phone......and stuff. Ugh my eyes are killin' me though now....new prescription for new glasses I still gotta get used to. Oh yeah and some InkLink with Lina earlier before Pool lol. Anyways though...  I'm out for the nite.  Later.
     

    



       
       5/8/04   A productive day in the T-Dot   Hmm.....yeah well though I probably don't know most of your mothers, but it is mother's day, so therefore....have a good one =P. I for myself had a pretty good day, beginning with a theory exam. Not the best beginning, but things would hit a climax when I got my cell phone lol. So here's my short, somewhat summarized entry on they day before Mother's Day.  I woke up at 830....and realizing I woke up later than expected I rushed around the house, crammed the very final few minutes I could and then ran out the door, multitasking of cramming, drinking tea and listening to music. So finally rushing to the Social Sciences centre, I run up the stairs, make a few complicated turns *all this is without my glasses so I can barely see signs since my glasses broke* and then FINALLY.....I manage....out of the bluriness of 4.0 poor eye sight........I FIND ROOM 2028.....  And I walk in thinking I'm late....and quickly rush for a place to sit. However.....hmm I have no paper. That was when people began to direct me around places.....making me look like a dumbass. Wasn't too bad though....it was my "big" entry into the theory class.....confused, distorted, and VERY dazed about what is happening and yes I realize those words all pretty much mean the same thing. Waking up 30 minutes before my exam though, yes things like that can happen. So after finally managing to find my stuff, and get myself settled.... I pull out my gargantuan clock that I brought in for time, and set out my writing utensils and stuff and then prepared to write my exam....  Writing away, I start off writing out the words as I tend to forget many of them. Unfortuantely I blanked out on two, but meh that only puts me down to a 98 for a highest mark. Grr that lessens my chance of getting my trip to Pizza Hut though. So while writing, I decided to take a break halfway through since I had two hours to write it. So started having a thumb war between my left and right hand *It's REALLY boring in there* and made a makeshift drumset for pencils out of erasers my pencil case and other various objects I found in my pencil case. Checking over the test a few times then, staring into the ceiling, and trying to see how blind I really was took up most of the remaining time then....and before I knew it time was up. Wow.....celing staring is very efficient to waste time apparently.  After the exam, quickly ran out the door excited about going to Toronto. Though it tends to be drab at times walking around the same stupid FOB mall everytime, every once in a while something interesting may occur. So anyways got picked up, then picked up one of mom's friends and then we headed out to Toronto....first stopping by a McD's for some lunch and then on the highway. While on the highway, talked for a bit, mostly about my plans of making a bridge to stretch from HK to Vancouver for easy driving access between the two cities, ate, and after feeling full from a good grease platter I decided to sleep the rest of the way.... ahh yes sleep my favourite part of a car ride...  *3 hours later*  FINALLY arriving in Toronto, we first go grab some dim sum in that restaurant in Pacific Mall. With nothing better to do while waiting for the food, I tried to expand my readable chinese knowledge to two words. I usually do this since what's there to do that's more productive....and for some reason I like to read the names of Dim Sum lol. Plus it prepares me for the future when I have to order Dim Sum on my own *omg what a lame excuse but valid =P.* Shut up if it isn't. So after food came, quickly my family dived into the food.....and after 45 miutes of eating.....got the bill and left.  So while mom went to buy stuff and grandma went to get her haircut, me and my dad walked around the mall looking at cell phones at random FOB cellphones store. Then we passed a Rogers Wireless store. Then we thought "hey why not get a cell out here?" So I finally got my cell phone, going through all the paperwork and stuff when all of a sudden.....BRLLIANCE OF PUTTING TWO HEADS TOGETHER! We could get mom a mother's day gift! WHOO IDEA GOES THROUGH! So in the end we got some family plan, and activated my Motorola C370 or sometin like that and Mom's LG *eew I hate LG phones.* Then after getting everything set, we go and give mom her Mother's Day gift...and head to dinner.  Dinner: Basically ate at Richmond court then went home. I had some baked chicken thing with fried rice and a coke w/ ice cream thing. It was GOOOD. Richmond Court never fails =P. Anyways ate, payed bill, then got home.  Finally arriving home.....we drop off grandma at her house *across the street,* chatted with my uncle for a bit who just pretty much put surround sound everywhere in his place, and then got home.  Now I go SC then sleep hehe. Cya =P.
     

    



       
       5/7/04   My 2nd pair of  glasses: 2001-2004   Yup....my second pair of glasses have just died....er broken on May the 7th 2004 while playing lunchtime b-ball. Oh well.....it was bound to happen sometime....and I really was starting to really hate my frames. Gettin' old I guess *Shrug* but I'm aiming for contacts and a new pair....since contacts can be a pain in the ass to put on. Other than that "saddening" event......well in way not really since I get that new pair of glasses I've been wanting....the rest of my day. Average, not out of the ordinary.....what else to say =P. Wake up, school, home, and whatever else. Hmm.......theory exam though tomorrow....FINALLY gr. 3's over...unless I totally bomb the exam tomorrow which I think won't be an option.......I hope lol. So studyin' for that right now while typing up this entry, and doing various other things like MSN, listenin' to music, and sitting in front of this compy typing up this.....entry.....  My day started around 730 once again, with me dragging myself outta bed reluctantly and then trudging down the steps from my 2nd floor to my 1st as I am anxious for my breakfast. Starving from well usual slumber hehe. So ate a meal of tofu, beef, and rice and downed it with a glass of milk *wonder what it all looks like mixed with gastric juices in my stomach =P* and then headed upstairs to brush teeth n' stuff, get dressed, then head out the door. Stupid single strap duffel bags seem to get heavier and heavier each day.......but they carry so much more crap which is good =P. Anyways...back to the subject. Headed out the door, Patrick then came and then we headed for school.  School started today with history class like any other day 1. History bein' pretty boring....post-war Canada really is lame....worse than 20's or 30's I think. Well basically we talked about cold war....yeah that was history. Pretty boring.  Civics class then....where me, Lindsay, Hammond and Dave finally finished our stupid civics assignment. And then......got my essay on JFK back. WHOO 19/20.....my civics mark is going up =P. And so far my day is going well. But all this would turn in a matter of seconds around lunch.....and math....  Lunchtime played some crap ass ball and also broke my glasses in the process. So that kinda sucked....and then I realized that playing ball w/out my glasses feels a lot different. The net looks blurry from the perimeter lol. After playing ball though..yeah.....well not really playing more of shooting around since I was kinda blind but meh.....still s'all good. Math class anyways....  And my day would go downhill a bit more...geting 68% on my stupid GrafEQ assignment. Apparently he thinks that I made up the equations.....though I just printed them off the project. OH well.....*shrug* I still have an 83 in math.....somehow managing to be 2nd highest mark in class lol. Didn't really do much...just work today.  Programming: Usual.  And after school went to UCC to play some ball with Jason. Grabbed some more pizza from the new Pizza Hut and then ate and walked simultaneously to the UCC. Getting there, we played some one on one, shot around, and then the full court games started so we had to shoot when they were on the other end of court. Hmm not much else.....ugh I still need to work on my shot. My driving is startin' to sorta come back though which is a good thing, but gotta guarantee those finishes. So did that for two hours, then headed home.  And my night went somethin' like this  -SC -Theory -SC again when I got home -Studyin' for theory  Anyways I'm out for the night...so yeah if you people can pray my theory exam goes well for me that'd be great =). Gotta sleep now though.....exam plus Toronto tomorrow hehe.  Later.
     

    



       
       5/6/04   TV: one inatimate object that I nearly forgot about =P   TV. The last time I remember watching the thing before today was at least 3 weeks ago. Holy crap the stuff I've missed. Example: Friends Finale tonight.....it was the first time I watched the show and the last time as it being an actual functioning show. Talk about ironic huh =P. Thing is though I actually enjoyed the last episode, whichw as surprising since I never really even regarded it as a "show....in my list of TV shows at least. It's kinda interesting how one's perspective can change over a course of an hour of watching a show. Other than that though....today was also day 1 of recovering from the last two days where I have been a bit sick, and also today I wrote my english exam essay thing; wonder how that turned out =S.  My day started off in the morning at 7:30am. Reluctant to get up since the night before I spent most of my time on MSN and looking at random websites, I was pretty tired when I woke up. Nevertheless I still got out, sick as I was, and walked downstairs for a quick breakfast, and then headed out the door after a quick morning routine.  While on the way to school, chatted with Patrick, and finished my tea to wake me up in the morning. I can understand now why some people need tea or coffee to wake them up in the morning. I'm becoming one of those too lol. Anyways got to school pretty quickly, and got out and headed for the school.  Music class........not very exciting. We had some sub teacher today that came from Russia and taught at Pearson for a while. Mrs. Wharton and Mr. Clark are out in NYC right now, so yeh the music department's pretty much abandoned for now. Our class worked on our solos for the first half, while our sub, Mrs. Veiner or something on the lines of that worked with Mr. Clark's class. So my class spread out over many rooms and started to practice a bit, preparing our solos for June. I sight read the songs that I have to play keys for *Kelsey and Niki so far* and also practiced my piece for a bit, that has now changed since I bought a book at Belle Air. After a while though I got bored, and started reviewing my Grade 8 piano pieces on the piano. Who cares about my trombone piece.....it sucks and plus I changed it anyways. So therefore.....be productive by attempting to memorize the few songs you have in your head ready for the future exam. Amy played a few pieces then, and then we talked a bit about piano. Apparently she's CC too I think and not RCM. Meh anyways before much else happened....headed back to the other room for some repetoire and then left class for science...  Chatted in the halls with Niki and BW and some other people for a bit, and then me and Niki headed up to science class. Today: Ergh we did some stupid assignment of labeling an ecosystem. I handed in the assignment due for the other day and then began working on today's work. Pretty lame stuff....finished it in about 30 minutes and then chatted for a bit with Dylan and Boughton and some other people. Nominated Boughton for student council....*shrug* that's something different today I guess. Student parliament has started elections so I see. Anyways though....bell rang....all those thoughts just jumped out of my head and off I went to study for english exam.  While in the library, chatted with Brescia, made a few more notes, and then ran over them. Didn't really do much at lunch. I starved =P. Yay the feeling of emtpiness in your stomach.  Bio class now. Since 16 people were missing....NO LAB! Whoo! Instead we watched two boring videos *shudder* where I slept for one and watched the other since it was actually somewhat action packed *GASP.* Bio class was pretty short, and Robert read over some of my notes as he didn't make any. So meh whatever thought might as well give him a bit of a chance. Lilian was set for the exam too, and so when the bell rang......dun dun dun.....  English: summarized....I wrote my exam. I was 2nd last person to hand it in. I think I failed =P.  After school I went to Belle air to pick up music, then home. While going home though, I stopped by the new Pizza Hut where Western donuts used to be. SWEET 2 BUCKS A SLICE OF PIZZA! I may not even have to go out for lunch anymore =P. So grabbed a slice, then walked home.....ugh backpack feels heavier and heavier in the warm weather.  Anyways......after school watched some TV, homework, then caught the last episode of friends. Yeah that was pretty much my day I'm zippin' by it really....gotta shower and sleep hehe.  Cya.
     

    



       
       5/5/04   Blogging again...   HAH YOU THOUGHT YOU COULD ESCAPE MY BLOGGIN GRASP EH?! WELL GUESS WHAT.......NO YOU CAN'T!  But only typing that....gotta make notes for English Essay for tomorrow.....cya =P.
     

    



       
       5/4/04   Ah....Choo.   Compared to yesterday's sneezing, coughing, aching and etc., today actually wasn't that bad sick wise. I didn't feel like crap.....and I have come to realize that Contac-C is fairly useful in times like these. Well.....after all the work yesterday of cramming a whole bio project in one night....here's the result:     An aerial view of "G.I. World"       Rectal Rangers.....where evil intestinal parasites lurk     Pretty nifty huh =P? I personally thought we did a pretty good job on this project. And I think I did a good job on my part....considering for the whole time I was coughing, sneezing, sniffling, and having a head more stuffed than a..........stuffed teddy. So after catching sleep for 7 hours, and missing band, I finally woke up at 7am....to a very unpleasant feeling of crappiness in the morning. That all changed though.....all thanks to Contac-C lol. So in the morning.......ate breakfast....and then took Contac-C, washed it all down with some OJ and then headed to school......of course after morning routine. While packing the project, almost broke adam's Esopha-Drop, but other than that it was good =).  So on the way to school......talked to Pat since I gave him a lift today. He seemed amused with the bio project....and was curious to why there were Micro Machines on it. Well I'll explain now....they're "visitors" to the park lol. Imagine the guns aren't there hehe. Radio today was pretty stupid...oh wait was it even on? I don't remember....was too attentive trying to explain the whole park to Patrick. It really was a work of art....though I'm still sniffling from post-sawdust syndrome.......that's ok....most of the reason probably was from me in shorts, sandals and shirt in 5 degree weather. The sawdust was just another factor to make things worse.  Finally arriving to school.......I struggled to get the project upstairs. Thank goodness people at Central are willing to hold doors.....or my project woulda been smooshed going up the flights of stairs just to reach 3rd floor. Well finally reaching the 3rd floor.....Tehmina then notifies me that I should beware when I go to room 301 since apparently Mr. Pigeon was pretty pissed off today. So I quickly went in, dropped off the stuff and then headed to first period class: Music.  Music class consisted of still choosing our pieces.....of which I will do at Belle-Air soon. I still chose an auxiliary piece though just incase....but Dave Rutt told me to get a Ariose or sometin' by Bach. RCM 6....gotta remember that. So we played........Mrs. Wharton noticed my absence in band and gave me the evil glare that all teachers seem to possess......and then we went on with music. Lots of counting stuff today.....since it seems many gr. 10's can't count past 4 in music....and practiced some songs for music night. Not much happening in class......easy breeze class like usual.  Finally reaching science class, I finally get to see the portfolio that Underhill typed up for our bio project. Look's pretty good actually....and I'm beginning to like taking pictures with a D-Cam lol. We did some lab today with ecology......about how animals thrive and stuff with food and without. Lab's due Thursday....same day as english exam. Argh. Finished that.....and then left for lunch...  Oh wait there is no lunch for me today....I have to go finish bio project lol. So we headed into library....plugged in my glue gun *is that allowed? oh well* and started finishing it up. Okanski ran to his place to grab the project portion he had and came back....and we began glueing together our masterpiece. We were fairly organized with it.....and quickly managed to finish up the project.....then off to bio we went. While milling away to bio class....I then see that the whole hallway is littered with bio projects for 4th period class. Wow....some of them were AMAZING *Lindsay's group and Tehmina's group had crazy ones* and also another two gr. 11 groups had REALLY good ones. I then look down on mine....and think deep inside *aww nuts* but reassuring myself *Joe you may have Chinese failed....but you still are Joe Passing.* Well to bio class....  Instead of the proposed lab for today.....we each presented our project for fun. And then after that while explaining our lab, Ms. Wiener would for some reason make a sound effect for everything she did *example following:*  After taking the mouthpiece, *yoink yoink* you can then clean it in the ethanol just like this. Dipping it in *dip dip* you then rinse it off *rinse rinse* and then shove it onto the machine *erk erk.*  It was pretty funny...but yeah highlight of bio class today had to be the projects.....all of them were so cool...But I really hope we don't have to do this again.....takes so much stinkin' time to complete and money....argh I spent 50 bucks @ art store for all the crap.....and the plywood was never used. But the project was worth it I think.....it looked pretty nice. But yeah.....after that class....FINALLY......the final class of  the day which I'll summarize very quickly....  English class.....prepare to write exam on Thursday. Prayers please for that....ugh I hate exams.....especially english. So unpredictable. Well at least we can bring in notes for reference....but stilll ENGLISH UGH! WHY NOT LEARN SOMETHING PRODUCTIVE!? Oh well......off to making my notes tomorrow I guess....ergh hopefully I do well....got 65% on first exam this year....argh......  Busing home then.....I got off at Sarnia and Castlegrove like usual. Surprisingly though I see Adrian....and chatted with him...well until the next Whitehills bus came lol. Yeah so apparently he did move out to Grand Bend, and lives with his dad now. Was kinda surprising though since only 3 weeks ago he was over at my place....what a change in location and times lol. SO we chatted for a bit.....and then we both went our ways since he had to go to UWO to find his dad to get home *his dad's a professor there* and I walked back home with Ryan....since well his Whitehills bus came by. Wow.....I sat there for 15 minutes. Amazing how fast time goes by lol....  Getting home......I get informed with the recent news. IMPORTANT news....like Hermann got 4th in WOSSA and Gavin got 7th. Lina got 11th, and by the way this is all badminton. What other news......umm oh yeah from before I finally realize Red Wings are out of the playoffs *NICE* and the flames now go on to play either San Jose or Colorado *Better be the Avs....they'll OWN them =P.*  Anyways.....I'm out for this entry. Got some stuff still to do tonight, plus band tomorrow, plus I'm still half sick. Cya.
     

    



       
       5/3/04   Sick, and cramming for bio project? What else could make my day worse?   Ugh.....why did I have to not wear a coat and dress like it's July in 5 degree weather yesterday? The outcome of that dumb descision: I've been suffering with a stuffy nose, sneezing, aching, coughing, etc. all day long. ARGH and to make things worse I had to endure sawdust, smell of spray paint and various other things while making my bio project tonight with Underhill at my place. UGH.....not exactly the best day of my life, actually today was probably one of the less happier days for me. However....with the bad comes the good also.....as finally I have pretty much secured a spot for gr. 11 physics and dropped gr. 11 accounting =).  It's 11:42pm right now, I'm sick, huddled under a blanket in front of my comp, so my blog's gonna be brief today:  -Woke up with a scratchy throat, thinking I may be sick -School -History test......totally winged it....but it was WWII so it was all jokes =P Easy stuff -Civics: Note on politics....started debate assignment -Lunch: Jasper's....throat feels a bit better after lunch -Math: Got 86% on trig test -Guidance appointment: Secured spot almost in physics for next year -Programming: Made 007 animation a bit more... -Stage band X: New song......My Funny Valentine or sometin like that....easy piece -Got a ride to Masonville to pick up project materials -Underhill came over and we finished most of project up -Built Rollin' Colon and Rectal Rangers, and Tooth booth (I'll post pics tomorrow....HILARIOUS) -Typing up bio portfolio -SLEEP!  Yup....that was the main outline of my day *sneeze...cough cough.....gasps for breath.* And I'm still pretty sick....so off I go to sleep now! Cya!
     

    



       
       5/2/04   First Sunday of May: very procrastinative =P   Hmm.......well my day's been somewhat amusing I guess. Actually today at church was pretty fun...with me, Gavin and Steph leading worship.....and Bible Study today wasn't too bland either. After that, some great food from Dragon Court and then....well I WAS gonna go work on my bio project........but I don't have any popsicle sticks to make the gargantuan structures that I have planned. So instead......I went to play B-ball at UCC w/ Jason lol. Procrastinating eh? NOOOOOOOOO! Of course not.......I improved sorta with B-ball....SORTA....  My day started off at 7:50.....quickly getting ready then bolting out the door...AWW NUTS IT'S RAINING! So I had to put something over my compy so the rain won't fry it *if it does* and stowed it away in the back of the car. Ergh if floppy diskettes could hold more than 1.4 megs.....I wouldn't have had to lug my stupid compy to church for a 2 meg file. GRRR! And then off we went to Lina's place to pick her up....and to Jason's like usual. After pickin' em all up....finally we head to church =).  Getting there around 8:30.....we immediately begin to prepare for english worship this morning. Ugh.....this morning many technical difficulties from many of us. For some reason the stupid projector would switch from RGB to Computer input back and forth until Josh set it right....and I plugged the mouse and keyboard plugs in the wrong ports......and MANY other problems occured this morning lol. Luckily though...after some prayer and bashing some stuff......IT WORKED! And of course magical button pressing from Josh =P. So we were ready and underway.....and my presentation didn't go to waste *PHEW!*  So worship started at 9:15 like usual......and well our singing part didn't go that bad. After the Praise part of service....came the sermon. Today's topic: "Following Jesus." Basically the main message through the scripture (Galatians 5:13-18) says that if you live under Christ's faith.....then you will be protected from the grasp of Satan. I really liked the sermon today....and I was actually awake for much of it. Zoned out a bit thinking about some other things......but quickly got back on track. Over history though *on my note* humans have been straying futher and further away from Christ. It may be a difficult, long walk, but with Christ's help....he'll guide you through the right path. I really thought our response song "Pure and Holy Passion" fit in real well, basically with the lyrics saying  that you want God to be your leader, and we may see him and go on after him, following in his Holy and True footsteps...like I said....really liked the sermon today hehe.  After service headed downstairs for some REALLY good cookies.....and then chatted around a bit before class started. Steph spilled some tea.....twice.....and me and Jason made plans to play ball after church @ UCC. And then Bible Study class......(or Sunday School....whichever you wanna call it)  We studied more about Jonah. Mr. Kilik and Victor joined us also. Much debate still about whale or fish that swallowed Jonah, and also if he was stuck in the whale's "air chamber" *aka lung* or his stomach. I say lung since if he waas in stomach.......I was thinkin'....wouldn't HCl burn up Jonah? lol. Anyways enough of my scientific ranting with the Bible......after that class......had to go home early.....mom had to drive some people places and then we headed home for lunch.  Ate some lunch....some NSFU *FINALLY PROGRESSED SOMEWHERE AFTER 4 MONTHS* and Jason read my Brood War strategy guide for more strategies to use on Battle.Net. I just played NFSU.....and changed my car from a Impreza to a RX-7. YAY!  And then ball from 3-5. Hmm my shot's slowly coming back. Jason beat me 1 on 1.....but I beat him at 21 2/3 times. He beat me once....*shrug* I won majority =P. Then we got really bored......and started chucking the ball from half court. Surprisingly....Jason actually made 7 shots from half lol. I amde 4 close ones and many misses. Also I seem to have trouble making 3's....LOTS of trouble lol. So gotta work on that......plus my regular shot + driving if I'm gonna go into Hoop-It-Up with Jason, Calvin, and some other person we still need to figure out lol.  After getting a lift back home from Jason's dad.....I sat around for a bit before heading to David's grandma's place to eat dinner. Ergh........so boring. I mean I don't mean to complain....but it can be pretty boring there....but at least she has satellite TV and she cooks REALLY good food. Why's it old people cook better than anyone else in the world I don't know....but it still proves true.  So got to the place around 6:30.....and filled the timeframe in from 6:30-9pm with eating, watching TV, talkin' to Josh, Steph and Rebecca and playing cards. President, Speed, and a new game I learned called "Yueker?" Anyways it's kinda like hearts.....and bridge sorta......and we play in teams. It's weird.....I still kinda don't get it. Oh well.....time really flies when you're eating.....and I go home =P.  Showered....and now munching on carrots, studyin' for history and.....about to sleep hehehehe. Yeah it's pretty late....gotta head to bed soon hehe. Later.
     

    



       
       5/1/04   May: another month blocking my road between summer and school   My title actually has nothing to do with my day today. I just thought of that actually just now as I was busy working away at my church's Presentation for worship tomorrow. My day's actually been non-stop "action" if you will say.....never really stopping for a break or anything....yes the average Saturday....plus more work than usual. Hehe.  My day started at around 10 or so....with me getting up aftera 1 hour delay and immediately beginning work on my theory papers. Hehe all caught up already....I only got two more papers left =P. So after doing a crapload of that....wow already 1130. So I go shower, then ate my breakfast from good old McD's =P. So quickly ate that....played some piano.....and off to piano lessons...  Yay.....3 marks for theory papers. I MANAGED A 96! SOMETHING I'VE NEVER DONE! HOLY CRAP! So yeah there was one highlight....Melody's not the only person with a 90+ now.....MUAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHA. Enough of that though.....after some marking of theory...played some pieces...then off I went back home...where I had to wait for Underhill, Okanski and Robert to head down to my place to do some work on our project...  And for project working today: we organized who's doing what then everyone left. Yup....Okanski was amused by that huge-ass light I have in my family room...and Robert's roller coaster actually looks pretty cool. This project is actually pretty retarded....making a theme park for the digestive system? L-A-M-E. Our ideas are pretty cool though. Gastrointestinal (G.I.) Joe....heh a creation by Okanski. It rings though hehe. And so after Okanski and Underhill leaving first, Robert played some DDR for the first time in his life....then left shortly afterwards.  I'm gonna zoom by the rest of my day briefly.....as my fingers seem to be frozen and cannot type....and plus I wanna go on SC for a bit then sleep...  Theory Donut Clinic #2 for me: Productive. Got some work done while chatting with some people........and found out that Jaclyn Jung's sis seems to be one of those typical Asians who likes really high marks. She was complaining about an 85 in theory. I was surprised....since back then when I was in gr. 1 theory....I was happy with a 70 lol. High standards from a grade 5......or whatever grade she's in. Her sis is good at music though so I'm assuming the same for her. So after working on some theory......I then left with a Maple Syrup donut *one of the ones from Timmy's* and then headed to church for worship practice...  IT ACTUALLY LASTED LESS THAN 1 HOUR! So after doing rehearsal w/ Steph and Gavin....and then got a ride home from mom. But when I went downstairs to get my bag...  Hmm....no one really came to tonight's movie night @ LCAC. It kinda make me thought "ouch" since my dad even spent time makin' a dinner and stuff....but at the same time I guess it was just this week....plus this was a first time thing. Hopin' though that more people would come next time....kinda a bummer I guess.....but oh well.....it took more than a week to build Rome as they say. And my church's Chinese Ministry does tend to be less participating in events I guess than the english half. Maybe one because many are fairly old.....but even the younger people seem to be too "busy" with other things. Well...prayers I do believe will be answered, and I guess this is just one of many other items I can pray about. It was kinda crappy to see that sight though....I really hope that one day more people at my church will see that a church isn't just a building to enter on a Sunday....but can be used for other events as well...  Oh well.....getting off that subject though...I came home, but that never really got outta my mind since my mom was talkin' about it with me on the way back home.  But getting home....had dinner.......and quickly begun working on the church's Presentation for tomorrow.  Oh yeah, also checked on NHL.com........THE AVALANCHE WON AGAIN! YAY! 3-2 SERIES ONLY NOW! TWO MORE GAMES AND THEY COULD MAKE WESTERN CONFERENCE FINALS! COME ON AVS! Plus lucky Jenn.....she got to go to a concert led by the one and only CHRIS TOMLIN! *Shakes Fist* Lucky kid =P. Why must London be so lame? Also apparently Josh now has most of his Linux figured out....and I finally got those pics sent around to Jason and them from my camera. Lol the day when  Gavin "Judo kicked" a cinderblock haha.....BLAST deleted it by accident though =(. Plus the white pipe that turned into a hat/kung-fu stick lol.  And now.....after all that work....time to relax a bit. SC then SLEEP! Later people.
     

    



       
       6/30/04 Spiderman 2: Eeh...   Just got back from watching Spiderman 2, and yeah...I wouldn't recommend it. I basically wasted 10 bucks on THE most cliché movie ever. Then again there were some cool parts, but I won't reveal them and let you figure them out on your own by paying money to go see it. But yeah I'll talk more about that later...for now you can read the rest of the entry, or picture in your head how mediocre Spiderman 2 really was, or skip down to the paragraph about it...  I woke up today around 1030 once again, and this morning decided to do my devos early in the morning. I read around Colossians 3:13, pretty much Colossians chapter 3. The chapter was about how once you become Christian your aim is to change from your old ways. I really enjoyed reading this passage, as just the encouragement alone in the passage helps I hope all Christians know that God will always help you back up on your feet, and also that we are all on the same boat on earth, and to keep one another from falling, encourage one another, and don't laugh at another's fault. On another subject, while doing my devos, I kept on wondering how some Non-Christians don't want to believe because they think God doesn't want them. I was actually talking to one of Carmen's friends about that, and I don't see how in the world he made that connection when probably half the Bible speaks of God's love. How can people see something like that?  After doing my devos, I slowly got ready to head to downtown to meet up with Josh and Ginnie. I also got my money ready, as I was going to deposit money today. My account will be back up to a healthy almost $400 dollars, and then I'd spend a lot today haha. So I left around 1230pm or so, and met Josh at the Scotiabank tower around 1245pm...ish. I called him on the cell in the building to find out where he was, and there he was, standing outside totally clueless that I'm indoors already. Ginnie then came afterwards, and we went to Jasper's for lunch. I heard Ryan Ruderford got the job there, that's cool I guess, and also I still got student discount =). Food was top notch quality like usual, and I couldn't fit all the pasta in me, not even thinking about the complimentary garlic bread. Yeah after being stuffed, we then walked to Bellone's, to finally go amp shopping  for Ginnie.  I went there mostly just to check out a guitar if I am considering, and also to look at some drumheads and cymbals. After going there, I then got stumped on what to buy, and decided I'd go home to look at some stuff on the internet first. So while I was oogling at the cymbals and drumheads, Josh was playing around with a defretted bass, which he is now very attached to *but he has no money unfortunately* and Ginnie was trying out different amps. In the end, she bought a 10 W or so Marshall, which is actually a pretty sweet one. The staff member there who was the specialist in guitars ROCKED. He was actually insanely good on the guitar...makes Gavin look like Gavin before he learned new strum patterns haha. So eventually Ginnie bought the little amp, and I got a pair of wooden sticks, since Zavitz and Shaunvir both convinced me to change from nylons. Nylon tips though do have two disadvantages that wood sticks would never have:  -The nylon tip comes off very easily. I could pull one off probably. -The nylon tip leaves white marks, meaning I have to clean more often.  Wooden sticks...they just get soft after a while and break.  After goin' there, I got home by bus around 330pmish, and began my search for Zildjian or Sabian cymbals, and what Remo heads I'd buy. Also during this time chatted with Maisie, Josh, Jason, Lina, and various other people. This would also be the time that Josh announced our domain is totally up and working. It may be bland, but it works. So far Josh, Jason, Gavin and I share the space on this spit spat of webspace, where eventually a much better blog will be up...once I borrow Jason's book on CSS, XHTML, XML, AND HTML =). For the moment, you're stuck with this =P. Drummed around for a while, and then my dinner would consist of a veggie/fruit platter that my mom made. It was good, and I don't complain, it made me full =P, and even had enough for leftovers which I'm almost done eating around now. Maisie and I shared some more files, and before I knew it I had to meet Jason at Masonville since me and him wanted to go to Champs earlier, me because I wanted to grab a Yao jersey for 35 bucks and Jason to look for future things to buy.  Got to Masonville around 640ish, and then bought my Yao jersey. Checked out EB, HMV, and other places too. Apparently Masia One CD came out a LONG time ago...August 2003. Anyways point is, I'll order it some other time, and stick to DJ Doboy music for now.  After that short time of mall prowling, we went back to meet up with the others for the movie. Twins and Jonny where there, and Josh, Rebecky, and Gavin then showed up. Gavin received his guitar capo present that me and Josh bought from Bellone's today, and Josh even wrapped it up in duct tape haha. So everyone was here...except Carmen and Lina...  Sad part is, they've been at the mall since 5:30, and sadly THEY'RE STILL LATE. So in the end we decided to go in anyways without them I mean they showed up five minutes before the show somehow. So when they FINALLY got there, the movie had just started, so yeah they were lucky haha. Theatre had been packed since 730, so we had to sit somewhat scattered. Jason, Gavin, Josh and I sat where there were legrests, while the others managed to fit themselves 2 rows behind us. From then on the movie started...  Now I guess the movie wasn't ALL that bad, with some really cool parts like the Subway fight. During that battle, there was this one part where everyone in the theatre basically went "whoa" and Gavin sadly missed the part haha. In the end we told him, but you have to see it I think. There were other good parts, but go watch it yourself =P.  Afterwards we all chilled at McD's for a bit. Saw Kurtis there and chatted with him for a bit, then went back to the others. So we sat around for a bit, chatted, and then I had to go home, and give Lina a ride back also.  So here I am now, blogging, eating, and chatting with Ju, Jason, and was with Jenn on MSN. Haven't talked to Ju in ages, so yeah good to see her still talkin' haha. Gerts is shocked to hear me mock Spiderman, so she left with a "PFFT!"  Anyways I'm gone for now. I don't know what the heck I'm doing tomorrow for Canada Day.   Later.
     

    



       
       6/29/04 Ok I'll just do one big post...   Well originally I wasn't going to post anymore for today, but after doing my devos today, I felt the need to blog this stuff out.  While reading through my PDL, I then came across the verse Hebrews 3:13, which reads:  "But encourage one another daily, as long as it is called Today, so that none of you may be hardened by sin's deceitfulness."  I found it nice that there was such a nice verse in the Bible that basically summarizes *in my mind* to "Keep your heads high, and always be there for one another as long as there is a tomorrow." However me being me, I like to read the full chapter of verses that interest me. Hebrews Chapter 3 isn't all that happy though. In fact, the majority of the chapter is about the gloomy end you have if you don't believe.  I then started to think, and then eventually referenced to NIV version *NASB is a bit difficult to understand, big words* and then prayed for guidance. Prayer never fails. Nor does NIV...it's proven to me time and time again that it is much more understandable than NASB...but I use NASB more because I need a bigger vocab. Anyways to the point...  As I was reading the chapter, and reflecting, it really boggles my mind on how ignorant people really are. It hurts even to think about it at times. Now I may be a hypocrite it seems while writing this as I can be ignorant too, but no one's perfect, and I can still give out advice. I'm happy though at least I never ignored the opportunity in believing in God in my life, and I can see him doing so much in my life everyday. It hurts all the time though to see so many of my friends live their daily lives without even knowing how much God does for them backstage.   This isn't a new issue though. In the story that Hebrews refers to *the crossing of the Red Sea, Moses, etc...it's in Exodus* the Israelites, even seeing countless miracles *the 10 plagues, the Egyptians drowning in Red Sea, etc.* they STILL don't see how caring God is, and time and time again, complain about the lack of care they are getting, and still rebuked the God that led them out of Egypt. Despite all this though, God still loves them, even 'till today. It's pretty cool how despite the fact many of his children rebuke him and do such bad things in His eyes, he still loves each and everyone of His children, and still hopes each and everyone of us will see and believe He is the Lord. What an awesome loving Father God really is. I wish that after 2000 years, humans could change this bad habit of ignoring God.  It seems as though the Bible never ceases to teach me new things =).  Haven't shared a devo in a while, and the stuff I read really got me thinkin', hope it does the same for those who read it. As for my day...  Well I tore down previous posts about my day, so yet again, I'll write it in one big post.  I got up around 10am this morning being awakened by a phone call. At first I thought it was another annoying telemarketer, or some really annoying friend who would dare call me at 10am. Well after the answering machine picked up, and I realized it was for volunteer...  HELLO!??!?!?!?!?!  Yeah I quickly picked up the phone as I am in dire need for hours haha. So I'll be at Masonville Library doing Craft prep for a day and then surveying there for two days. So much fun...at least I get hours, and it's nice giving back to the community as the saying goes. So yeah my day started like that, and afterwards, dragged myself out of bed and headed downstairs for my welcoming breakfast of leftover pizza. Whoo.  Afterwards chatted around on MSN for a bit, lost to Maisie 3 times out of 4 in the Minesweeper Flags game on MSN, and then had to go to Belle Air to return my trombone, exiting the room with a glorious tumble out of my compy chair.  Getting to Belle Air, it took me two hours to do the full process of returning my trombone, and eventually purchasing it. Here's a rough breakdown of how it happened:   230pm-240pm:Drive to Belle Air. 240pm-245pm:Paperwork and stuff to return trombone. 245pm-3pm:Tried out the trombones I was thinking about purchasing. Went with Yamaha. 3pm-345pm: Mom haggled the price down from $700 to $660. During this time I would look at guitars, cymbals, and nearly knock down a drumstick rack, which luckily I didn't. Chinese people seem to LOVE to haggle, and in the end got tuning slide grease and a spray bottle for trombone slide w/ my purchase. Didn't wanna rip Belle Air off THAT much. 345pm-355pm: Drive home.   As usual my mom went to watch the stupid Soap Opera w/ my Grandma, that one called...PASSIONS that's right. Ugh I can hear the stupid theme song everyday coming home from school, and over the summer...everyday either upstairs, or downstairs. Ugh why did the world ever create such retarded TV shows? Well anyways, during this time I ate, lounged around the house, and would be cleanin' and trying out my newly purchased trombone. It's shiny =). Chatted on MSN for a bit again, then went to drum for around 40 minutes or so. Also, I'd spend an hour file sharing with Maisie for some reason...we were both REALLY bored so we tried everything that MSN can do...where most don't work unfortunately. This afternoon between 4-7 was pretty lifeless when I think about it. I drummed, tromboned, and MSNed haha.  Afterwards I was going to go workout with Marcello, but he didn't call back until 830 so screw that. Then I thought "why not ball?" So while talking to Jason on the phone, we finally both agreed to go to UCC...until my mom reminded me about dinner.   "SO THAT'S WHY I FEEL SO HUNGRY" I thought to myself. I had somehow managed to forget dinner ehehehe. So yeah ate, and didn't go to UCC haha.  Afterwards showered, and then did the devo as shown earlier.  Today I think was an awesome day. Got a reply from WLAC regarding coffeehouse *90% it's a go,* read an awesome devo, got a new trombone, Josh finally got the green light for our domain, and of course....T-MAC IS A ROCKET! Why Houston is now my favourite team along with Dallas =)...actually I've always liked Houston for Yao, but with T-Mac now...they'll be awesome next season. Shaq still may go to Dallas which is cool, so heads high for both teams =).  Anyways yeah...beat Maisie at checkers then, and now...yeah I'm done posting.  Sleepin' early tonight since tomorrow got a big day ahead of me. Amp shoppin' w/ Josh and Ginnie, lunch w/ 'em also and then watching Spider Man 2 and chillin' at the mall. So..in conclusion...  Later boys and girls.
     

    



       
       6/28/04 Badminton: The sport I'm horrible at =P   Tired from a day of baddy and planning for HYPE's summer. So yeah not much happened today except for those two things really.  I got up at 11am today to get ready to go to Ken's place for HYPE meeting. So left around 1130, got some McD's, and then met Wendy and Josh @ UCC and walked to Ken's place.  We planned until about 230 or so then hit some badminton.  I got wrecked =P...  Now I'm really tired. I really hope that coffeehouse can be arranged with WLAC through Lindy, and Josh's friends. So yeah after today's meeting, all I can really say is sit back, pray, and just led God lead the way through the summer.  God, I know you're watching us everyday. Help us find the path that is yours, and not ours. It's Your will....not ours that is to be done.  Later.
     

    



       
       6/27/04 A very tiring Sunday   Sunday was one very appropriate day of sleeping and a great way to end my weekend. Not that it really matters since I'm on holiday everyday, but it was still nice to just sleep for 5 hours today after Jason and Gavin left @ 5pm or so and just have no care about whatsoever. After a week of lookalike celebrities shish-kabob contests, cutting my hair, crashing into a siderail at a  OUTRAGEOUS  10km/h, havin' Jason, Gavin and Josh crash at my place, and Jason and Gavin over today, yeah I needed sleep...well more than the 6-7 hours I go the other few days. Sleep....is good. =).  My day today started at 730, waking up earlier than usual for worship rehearsal at the church. So got ready fairly quickly, and headed out the door. Jason slept in today, so didn't pick him up today, and Lina went to do some volunteer work. So yeah only me today, and of course dad drove.  Got to the church 2nd! Vince was waiting there when we got there, but Gavin and Josh, the two "punctual" ones were actually late....REALLY late. I don't blame Josh since he had to do the slide show...but Gavin has no excuse for being late =P.  Worship went really well today in my opinion, and it sounded pretty cool with two guitars, a bass, and drums....and of course who could forget Rebecky on vocals =).  Sermon today was about voting. It regarded mainly of course the UWO students, but was still good to listen to. Pastor D reminded us of how when we vote we should be listening to God, and not to ourselves. It also spoke of how if everyone didn't listen to themselves, and if everyone listened to God, many of our problems in this world would not occur. Good sermon....hope I'll remember it when I'm 18 =P.  After sermon, we went downstairs to be welcomed by a breakfast rather than refreshments. Apparently dad had been cooking all morning for us with breakfast foods of all sorts...well mostly pancakes and bacon, but there were timbits too =). So we all dug in, and then also some of us went to the siderail I hit to re-evaluate the damage. To make my collision feel all that much better huh guys =P. Yeah...I still find it kinda funny how I actually managed to hit the siderail up until now...oh well good lesson learned...plus I learned lots...including the fact that auto transmission cars go without you hitting the gas...they naturally move at 5km/h or so. So after re-evaluating the bent siderail, we all headed back in and then went to Bible Study.  Studied chapter 3 of Daniel today, the story where Shadrach, Misach and Abed-nego were thrown into the fire to die, but emerged alive. Nebudchadnezzar also was surprised to see four people in the fire instead of three, with the 4th person resembling as he called "a son of the gods." That is still disputed by some to have been Jesus or an Angel, but I still think it was an angel. After the study, had lunch at church since we had LOTS of leftover BBQ stuff, and we chatted around for a bit, then Jason and Gavin came to my place.  For the afternoon, pretty much just chilled and gamed...make use of the multitap as much as possible =P.  Then they left and I slept.  And my blog is getting shorter.  One sentence paragraphs are so cool....not.  Anyways I'm out. Later.
     

    



       
       6/26/04 My first chance at driving...and I scuff the car AND bent a siderail..Oh yes and picnic , and of course...    GAVIN GETS THE BIRTHDAY BEATS   Wow....what a day today. Today, June 26th, 2004, marks my first day behind the wheel of a car, and holy crap I'm horrible at it lol. Well at the moment at least. Actually my turning is good, but my sense of how much pressure to apply on the pedals...THAT will require some work. Also, I can park as well as Gavin does going forward...except I parked rear first...and yet I still parked just as bad as Gavin...which therefore means I can own him parking forwards =P. Also today was also the first time I've rehearsed with dual guitar and bass plus vocals for worship, and also today was our church picnic, where I got to eat the food that I prepared along with my dad and Jason, Gavin and Josh. Though Jason still talks about how he couldn't eat the stuff we prepared, I didn't mind...it's still food...and it still was good. In fact, I even picked up my signiture "J-Shroom" *a mushroom with my carved "J" on it* that I learned off that Chinese cooking show off Omni 2, except he did a star, which I did also =). I'm approaching chef level 1...for creativity at least haha.  After a crazy night of NFL/NBA Street last night with Jason, Gavin and Josh, plus some stupid stuff like random talking and throwing crap around the place, we finally got to sleep around 3am or so, with Jason going off to play SC until 5am sadly lol. Well we all got up today around 10am, and quickly got ready to go to the picnic. Started the morning with more gaming, and then we just kinda chatted around and stuff. Some of our voices are kinda cracked now from all the yelling and stuff, but yeah it's all good. I'm lucky to have parents that can tolerate us being loud. I mean me I'm already annoying enough yelling "MOM" from the basement just to figure out where she was in the house, in fact Jason and them threw a Moose and a Squirrel at me *stuffed animals* to shut me up. Yeah eventually when she replied I just said "HI" and she just ignored me. Plus when us four are together, we make rock bands sound like flutes.  We got to the picnic around 11am, and surprisingly I saw Anton and Jonny there. Calvin invited them, and yeah it was cool how they came. Rebecca then saw my hair, and she was surprised I took all of it off too. Calvin said the exact same thing Josh said:  "Hey Joe, if you add 6 dots to your forhead, you could be a monk. STEVE DUONG WANNABE."  First off I only cut it this way because I screwed up cutting it before, and secondly, HOW MANY BALD ASIANS ARE THERE? LOTS. ARE THEY ALL STEVE DUONG WANNABE'S?! *Calvin you're an idiot.*  We started the day off with some ultimate frisbee, and apparently Rebecky was sick today =(. It was Gavin's Birthday, and once Vince found out, Gavin got the beats haha. So after that, we started playing frisbee as mentioned before. We drawed, with my team consisting of Anton, Jason, Mike, and Rebecky. We drawed, and then we all quit when Calvin and Josh spirit fingered the frisbee...which was really lame. But after that, came food. The food that we prepared =). It was actually pretty good, and as said before I even found my trademark "J-Shroom." Last year I found my super onion shish-kabob, and this year I found the shish-kabob that I made for myself =P. After eating and chatting for a bit about random stuff from Power Rangers Movie on CityTV the other day *me and Vince butchered it* all the way to random fads of our past, we then played some football. Me, Pastor D, Josh, Jason, Rebecky and Carmen L. were all on one team against Calvin, Gavin, Jonny, Anton, and Jacky. We won despite the fact they tried running real plays...PHHT that shows how useful THEY are. Actually also because Calvin' doesn't know anything about football...he didn't know you can't forward lateral or the fact a centre can't run with the ball after the QB calls "Hut." Anyways that was fun, we owned....35-21 or so....and yeah after that we lounged around for a bit before I left with Vince, Gavin, Rebecky and Josh to go to worship practice.  I ALMOST for got my sandals but lucky Dad grabbed them.  And so we got to the church and began rehearsal. Started a bit wonky, but we made a strong finish at the end which I'm happy for. I find it annoying though how Gavin wanted me to play the drums to this one song EXACTLY the same way....though I thought it was retarded. I refused to in the end anyways, and we changed the songs up, but when we play a song, IT CAN HAVE VARIATIONS. But we managed to have some fun still, and get business done by the end, so yeah it was all good =).  Then when we were leaving, Vincent decided to take me, Gavin, and Josh out for a mini-road test. Gavin drove nicely, as did Josh *since he has G1.* Me on the other hand, yeah...that's another story as mentioned before. I park better than Gavin, I can turn, I can almost break well now....but I just learned the fact today that cars go by themselves at 5km/h or so WITHOUT applying gas. Sadly, I know how a car works, yet I don't know that basic thing. I know it goes disengaging in neutral, on Park the brakes lock, and something that most people probably don't know how, how a supercharger/turbocharger works. yet, I don't know that cars move without applying gas. Oh yeah I also managed a few turns using the one hand technique, which I feel special for. I can drive with one hand...like many others....but still I feel special =P. Problem is though I had to learn it's hand over hand for turning and not hand under hand with my hands upside down...apparently I die doing that =P. So with my skills, and my lack of senses at the moment, I managed to brake while turning *which is a good thing,* unfortunately AFTER that when I applied gas, I forgot about the fact cars move on their own a bit, so I hit a bit too much in, and....   SCREEEEEECH!   I graze/hit a siderail, bending it and causing me to go into shock. So for a few moments I was thinkin' "crap I just ruined Vincent's front" but apparently he said it's buffable...so WHEW. At least I didn't break a light...as I know that costs $$$...LOTS of it. Well yeah...I better work on my driving...but it was sure as hell fun...and a memory that will last forever I think haha. At the moment though, 10km/h seems fast to me, and I'll never yell at my parents to go faster when they are going 40km/h in a residential area. I won't complain about things I can't do myself.  Well after that first-time experience moment, we headed to Swiss Chalet for Gavin's Birthday. Vincent paid for us all, but I'm going to pay him back tomorrow. Swiss Chalet honestly though sucks. The chicken is dry, forcing you to use that crap dip they provide, which made life worse. Only reason why I can somewhat tolerate it is because their mashed potatoes actually are decent...unlike some other places. It was good times though, lots of laughs, and we eventually started talking about Vince's childhood for a bit after he showed us his still well-kept Banting Student ID. Me and Gavin ordered ice cream then, and Josh had his pie, and then we left.  First dropped off Gavin, and then Rebecky and Josh, and then me since I live only about 5 minutes drive from Vince.  Anyways getting late...and I gotta wake up early for worship rehearsal tomorrow.  Later.
     

    



       
       6/25/04 Library Compy Test==>PHHT! Jokes Another picnic preperation day of memories haha *THE CHICKEN LOOKS LIKE ACHILLES FROM TROY! Oh yeah, did I mention my hair's gone?   Ahahaha yeah today was awesome. I don't think much else could have topped it. I'll just start right away since Jason, Gavin, and Josh are crashin' at my place tonight. 4 player PS2 *rented multitap* and just chillin' times, haha we were all talkin' about when we are 40, and we still talk to one another about this stuff hehe. Anyways, I'll get right onto today...  My day started off at 1030am this morning. I had to wake up early as today I had to get ready to go to my Tech Tutor test at Masonville Library. So I got up, ate a healthy breakfast of McD's, played some NBA street, and then headed out the door for the library.  Got to the library around 11:50amish, and then made my way to the front desk to get the test. I would then be sitting at Computer Internet Plus #1 for the next hour and forty minutes, working my way to complete the blasted quiz I had. It was mostly jokes, and I think I got the volunteer position, but there were a few things I didn't get....like something about making something show up on two different spreadsheets. But other than that everything else was jokes. At first I thought I couldn't copy and paste stuff from internet because they disabled right click on the mouse for EVERYTHING, but then remembered I can highlight stuff...whew. Excel and Word are two of the most useless pieces of junk though in the world in my opinion. Everyone should conform to OpenOffice.org =).  Well afterwards, I made my way to The Bay to find the blade oil for my buzzer. I couldn't find any there, and then just bused home. Well actually bused to UWO, then had to walk for 15 minutes, and then bused home again hehe. I called Jason and Becca to see where they were, and apparently they were wanderin' the downtown. I was thinkin' about meetin' them at Masonville, but then scrapped it afteI realized my blister from my sandals was getting to bleeding stage, well more of oozing stage *eeewww gross =P* and also I was just plain lazy. So walked home, eventually got my buzzer re-oiled at my uncle's house, and also checked out his Audigy 2 soundcard. It's pretty nice, but I can never really tell the difference with integrated and regular. Only difference I can really see is one can mix more noises and one can't. He also got Rainbow Six 3 and Tomb Raider AOD with it....I MEAN WTH!? ALL THAT FOR $150!? That's crazy....too bad my comp can't run the games or I'd be playin' two new games right now heh...actually probably not I don't find a passion in those Lara Croft games *the gaming heroine that has "a rack large enough for a Ming Vase" as described by GamePro magazine a while back* and Rainbow Six I've never liked.  Anyways when I got back home...I finally made the descision of cutting my hair....well shaving it I guess you can say now since hair isn't exactly present at the moment. Well sorta, it's like moss almost as described by my mom and dad. See ORIGINALLY it was gonna be around a #2 *if you know what I mean w/ buzzers* but then I accidentally cut off a bit too much off the side, and then I decided to ignore the fact it'll grow back in a few days, and decided to take it all off. So far Gerty says she'll yell at me later, lots of Eiee's from Wendy, Jenn and Lina and some whoa's from others. That's a shocked whoa not like a WHOA! After cutting my hair, I then sat around, SCed for a bit, ate food, and then got ready to head to the church to prepare the food for tomorrow. Well on the pro side, I never have to sleep with a wet head now, and also there is no drawn line between shampoo and soap now...IT'S ALL THE SAME! On the con side, for some reason my hair manages to get caught in the fibers in my shirt now, making it harder to put a shirt on. That actually surprised me I mean you'd think with shorter hair life would be easier with that sorta stuff...it backfired...sorta.  Getting to the church at 7pm, we *being Jason, Josh, and Me* begin to help my dad in preparing the food. Gavin then came a bit later, and that was when we began to fully work in full production. Right from the beginning the jokes were flying everywhere haha. Me and Josh fighting our veggie wars, the butchering of the chicken with the cleavers and the loud "WAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!" that followed every cut, or the imitation of celebrities/random figures with sish-kabobs...  Gavin: HEY LOOK IT'S TOAD FROM MARIO BROTHERS *makes a mushroom with lots of peppers and onions and some chicken* Joe: OMG GUYS I MADE ACHILLES FROM TROY! *puts shrimp resembling a helmet on top of a mushroom*  I would also go on to create one of those dragon dancers from a slab of chicken and a tomato, and also a Indian War Chief with more chicken and mushrooms and stuff. Yeah cooking can be so much fun. We couldn't marinate the chicken this year though, but oh well. Jason did the beef, and me Gavin and Josh packaged the stuff. Oh yeah we also talked about anime for some reason, and also my dream from yesterday....from different POV's.  Gavin kept talking about how we would be owned by the zombies, but I kept on claiming that we owned them since I didn't hear wimpy screams of humans, but the very low bass moans of zombies....as mentioned before Teenagers get these things in their heads from too much Silent Hill 3 and Resident Evil, but I'm not about to go through that shabang again about that stuff. Point is Josh's version had a Sniper Rifle-Flamethrower thing, where he'd miss the zombie even if it looked down the barrel, and Gavin's version of a regular Flamethrower. Jason had a Basketball-Ball Launching Gun of some sort...yeah that one still needs a bit of work...but it's still l33t....sorta.  Anyways yeah that was the most of my day...I'm gonna go play PS2 now, and eventually sleep tonight. Later....  Oh yes and before I leave, the current reviews of my haircut:  Wendy: EEEEEEEWWWWW! Jenn: Eeieieeeeee Gerty: I'll Laugh and Yell at you later Mabel YeeYee: Wah A Joe Deen gai lei jeen duk gum duun? John: LOL JOE YOUR EYEBROWS ARE LONGER THAN YOUR HAIR! Carmen: It looks good.*holy crap how the heck could he do that? Like omg...umm...I mean...like...oh geez...umm...like....eewww...geez..umm...like...eew...omg....LMSAO!omg omg omg omg omg omg omg ......EEEEWWWW!* It looks good =P Other random ones: Oh my Gosh, Wth?  Hey...I got one positive feedback...well probably not as I imitated...but meh.  Anywho I'm off now...Jason's staring over my shoulder reading this post while I'm typing, and I'm still gonna MSN for a bit and then I'll log off and do something more adrenaline-rushing than this...SLEEP! And PS2.  Later.
     

    



       
       6/24/04 Oh so NOW I dream about cool things   Ugh....when I DO want to dream about cool stuff I don't...and when I don't really care THEN the cool dreams pop in. GRR! Oh well they were funny dreams though. I had one last night and one this evening when I was napping from 6pm-8pm. Up until now I still don't get why I could dream about things, but yeah as I describe them right now I'll talk about my reasons why I think I thought of this stuff.  Ok so my first dream...which I will label   Resident Evil...in Cambridge    The morning was sunny when our hero Joe Chan wakes up. It was around 9:30am, and he has just woke up. Preparing for his day, he does his usual hygiene biz in the washroom, and then precedes to his downstairs to eat breakfast. After finishing his breakfast, he then heads to school for Report Card Pick-Up Day. It was June 24th, 2004.  Arriving at school, he gets out of the car and then goes into the cafeteria to get his report card. Upon heading out and about to wait for a ride, he then sees his math teacher, Mr. Gilbert:  Mr Gilbert: Joe. Joe: Mr. Gilbert. Mr. G: I saw you didn't come to instructional day. Would you like to see your exam anyways? Joe: Well, I didn't come because I DIDN'T want to see my exam *ha ha* but, alright sure might as well  *Mr. G then hands Joe the report card*  Joe: O M G! I TOTALLY BOMBED THE EXAM!? Whoa.  Our hero, shocked at his mark, had gone faar out of the heights from Joe fail and Chinese Fail. He even fell far below White Pass. He White Failed. Our hero's day had just been nailed with a gargantuan wall of depression. 50% on his math exam *by the way really I got 80%.* Our hero then skips off the Head 2 Head proposition he made with some of his friends, and then just got a ride home.  *Joe now forgets most of the dream around here*  Our hero now dazed and wondering where the heck he was *due to lack of memory from the storyteller* now finds himself, along with his HYPE fellowship friends at the Cambridge Heritage College, the same place LCAC had held their May Camp in 2004. However, our hero feels something is not right about this place this time. However, unable to diagnose the situation, Joe just chills along with his friends up there in the main Rec building, until night came along...  "Man it's getting late, I think I'm heading back," says Joe. "Wait up man we're comin' too," Josh and Gavin say as they come along with him.  Heading out the door, the three of them then begin their 75m trek back to their dorm. All was quiet in the midst of the night, until a silhouette of another figure appeared off in the distance. The three, conversing amongst themselves, then remembered the camp owner saying how they were the only ones there for the weekend. The figure, who seemed unaware of the group's presence, then left, in a very slow moving manner, as though it was dragging itself.  "Wonder what that thing was," thought Joe to himself.  The three, who decide to conclude it was just a local hoodlum, make also the descision about not worrying about him and continue back to their dorm. Opening the door then, they then use their keycard to access the inside of the dorm, and are heading up the stairs when from behind them a heavy breathing came...  A man, strangely resembling  Dave Rutt  *Stage Band X head...I don't know HOW this dream came together* was standing at the bottom of the stairs. However, for some REALLY strange reason...he was a zombie (How can a average group of 15-year-old dudes determine this? Well, from experience playing much Silent Hill 3 and seeing clips of Resident Evil...Joe owns the movie =P). The three, who realize what the thing is, begin running as the demonic, pale, flesh-rotting figure *not offending you Dave* begins to slowly drag itself up the stairs (yeah my dream has the slow moving evil figure and the frantic good guys also). The three fortunately make it to their room, where they then decide to brainstorm about what to do. They already know the following:   -Zombies are bad -Zombies hurt when they bite (well, probably) -There were more than one of these zombie things; there are at least TWO -They had to find a way to tell the others back in the Rec Centre   Finally concluding to a plan, the three then decide that they would climb out the window and run back to tell the others. However, our hero Joe, being the productive one he was, decided to walk out the front door. So while seeing off Gavin and Josh, Joe then walks out of the room and locks the door behind him. Walking down the stairs then, he then sees the same zombie, (the Dave Rutt resembling one) waiting at the bottom of the stairs. Joe then realizing that he screwed up the plan execution, RUNS up the stairs as the zombie chases him down. Our hero then jumps out the window, with the zombie floating out behind him. Our hero recovering from the fall then begins running towards a construction site. Crossing the property line, he then looks behind him and sees no zombie. He then looks around, and sees that no zombie was around. Our hero, who is safe, then hears the shrieks and screams of the zombies as they are being owned by the HYPE kids (yes they sound different, I don't think a dead figure can scream as high pitched as Steph, Carmen, Lina, Pow Pow OR Rebecca) and begins his trek back with a crowbar to the camp, ready to fend off any flesh-eating, flesh-rotting, odour-resembling-old-fish zombies that dare to stand in his way. Our hero is Joe.   That was the conclusion of dream I remember from last night. After finally waking up from the dream at 930am with my alarm clock jolting me awake, I then remember it was all a dream, and I am once again relieved that I did not totally blow my math exam haha. Waking up, I go through morning routine, and leave my house to meet Arjun at Head 2 Head at around 10am.  Getting there a wee bit early, I then wait for him for 15 minutes. After him not coming by 10:30am, I then decide to abandon this idea and go grab my report card.  So I walk there, get greeted by Mr. Dayus and Coach Doba, and then grab my report card and go. I wound up with a 86.3 average, so I'm on the honour roll still PLUS I get one of those copper plated medals for saying I'm over 85% average =P. I then go to the music hall to check who's in Jazz band...and yes I made it. Unfortunately Arjun got cut, but Pourier made it on Trombone too. So heading out, I call mom to tell her I'm going to Head 2 Head with John, Josh and some other people, and also the fact that I got a decent report card. Seeing Pourier heading out also with a trombone, since he found out he made it so he said he's practicing over summer. Well after some chatting, eventually we somehow got to me telling him to come along to Head 2 Head also. So we head out then and meet up with John. Arjun just called then and said he had JUST woke up at 11am. Well anyways afterwards Josh had also just arrived at his stop at Dundas and Richmond. So I told Josh to walk towards Dundas and Clarence, as that's where we were. Josh though somehow got onto King and Clarence, and then I had to run to find him. Eventually we figured out where he was *via cell phones* and then FINALLY we began gaming for the next 5 hours...well for Josh 4, and Pourier 2.  We started off with Battlefield, and would play that through the 45 minutes that Arjun came for in the end and for a bit when Colin and Mitch came also. So our afteroon was filled with BF, EE, Halo, and also Call of Duty, which with more people I found out it is actually pretty fun. So yeah that pretty much took up most of the afternoon, with me and John taking the bus @ 5pm. Mitch and Colin had more time since they came later, so they stayed back. Getting to the bus stop I also saw Stefan, who was also takin' the Dundas. Apparently in EuroCup England and Portugal were tied 1-1. We kinda got to talkin' bout soccer, though I didn't really keep track of EuroCup, but yeah World Cup...I still watch that closely =P...when it's on of course. Got off the bus then, hopped onto Whitehills bus, and then got off and walked home.  Getting home, I watched some TV, drummed, and then took a nap for 2 hours.  This was when my second dream happened. This dream wasn't AS weird...but still kinda on the unusual side haha. I don't know if any of the Martha TCers actually read this blog, but if you guys do, well here's a dream about none other than TEAM MAFFFAAA!   Martha Reunion...if it happened at Joe's   Actually I don't remember much about this dream, but here goes (it's kinda short):   The evening in Joe's house was filled with laughter and jokes with Team Martha 2004 all chattin' around in Joe's place. The house was packed with the 30 or so kids that was part of Team Martha in 2004, all just chatting about their summer so far and what they've done since March Break. Most of them have you know done the usual, chilled, and everything *daily thoughts I suppose in real life* except one person,  Karen , somehow became a hip-hop artist *I think I've been listening to Masia One a WEE bit too much.* So she pulled out her recently released CD, which was kinda BOKAN! but the CD was the main point. No one ever put in the CD for some reason, and we all stared at the somewhat BOKAN! case and the shiny CD that it encased within...so shiny.   See it's short. That's all I really remembered. I saw everyone, but once Karen pulled out the CD, the whole group was just quiet. We all just stared, and then I woke up because sleeping with three blankets gets really hot in the summer, and me being the smart one decided to sleep with three blankets. Anyways waking up, I have a bowl of "joak" for dinner and then for dessert some "yee mai sui."  Currently I'm on MSN. Karen and Steph are both in HK right now, soaking up the the slightly magnified-radiation rays of the sun, and of course eating all the good food in HK...mmm Dim Sum every morning was l33t when I went there in 1998. I was going to go again in 2003, but SARS...and you know yeah it sucked. Talking on MSN, I told Josh, Gavin, and Dave Rutt about my really messed up dream, and also was filled in every few minutes by Maisie about the show "Queer Eye for the Straight Guy." I never watched the show, but yeah she decided to ignore that factor and still jabber on about it. Also when talking about her receiving her orders or somethin' like that for cadets, we got into a talk about how she received a call instead of papers. Eventually it led her to explain it this way:     ¤×º°`°º× Lil' Buffalo ×º°`°º× ¤   says: cuz i'm leaving for camp the next day , n i gotta b home to get my departure orders Joe...so NOW the cool dreams come rolling in says: o0o0o departure orders...so militaryish Joe...so NOW the cool dreams come rolling in says: it's called a sheet of paper FYI!   ¤×º°`°º× Lil' Buffalo ×º°`°º× ¤   says: sort of....   ¤×º°`°º× Lil' Buffalo ×º°`°º× ¤   says: but they call u   ¤×º°`°º× Lil' Buffalo ×º°`°º× ¤   says: cuz i won't see them until the day that i have to leave Joe...so NOW the cool dreams come rolling in says: so theyre papers.    ¤×º°`°º× Lil' Buffalo ×º°`°º× ¤   says: noooooooo   ¤×º°`°º× Lil' Buffalo ×º°`°º× ¤   says: they call u stupid!   ¤×º°`°º× Lil' Buffalo ×º°`°º× ¤   says: wait...that sounded wierd   ¤×º°`°º× Lil' Buffalo ×º°`°º× ¤   says: they call u   ¤×º°`°º× Lil' Buffalo ×º°`°º× ¤   says: and ur stupid   ¤×º°`°º× Lil' Buffalo ×º°`°º× ¤   says: hehe i call u stupid!   I don't know if you guys get that...but yeah read the part where they say "They call you stupid!" and I think you'll understand how it came out kinda funny.  Anyways, off to do something else that may seem more productive than blogging...and probably is. I've typed enough for today. Gonna sleep earlier tonight. Have to get to Masonville Library by 12pm to do Volunteer training.  I'm out. Later.
     

    



       
       6/23/04 "What's that thing called when you hit all the pins down?...A STRIKE THAT'S IT!"   That quote taken from the one and only Calvin Chan when we went bowling along with the rest of the HYPE kids and also my two cousins Anthony and Jonny. It was an awesome time, pure jokes and chillin' haha. Today was one of the more energy-pumped days I guess you can say, with basically my whole night taken up at Fleetway tearin' up the lanes....with bowling balls. It was a nice way to end my day, beginning with stupid power repairs *meaning my power was going on and off* and also my volunteer interview at the Library. My whole day wasn't that bad though, in fact was probably the best day of this week haha.  My day started off at about 11pm. My clock was off, since the power was down since 9am, so I just picked up my cell phone to check out the time. Mom was goin' out somewhere, so I sat home alone for a bit. At first I was skeptical of what I was to do with no power, since it seems like my life sorta revolves around electricity now, but I finally realized something out of the blue....  This was the perfect time to do devos. So I spent some time then reading up on my PDL and then the Bible, and just reflected on them I guess. I read a lot on how each of us may have different talents, but God uses each and every one of them in his own way, and we all form one Spiritual Family. The Bible uses the metaphor of a human body, and how every part of your body isn't the same and has different functions. For example, the nose is used for smell and ears to hear. Without the ears you can't hear, or without the nose you can't smell. Same as the Spiritual Body....each of us have different talents for different things. I also read about the always said "treat others as you want them to treat you," and also how if everyone treated everyone with love, how we wouldn't have many of the problems in this world. It kinda sucks when you think about it how people sometimes just don't see that and how beef starts, and then eventually that beef can turn into....well you know whatever else bad can emerge out of it.  Well after doing devos, I headed downstairs to drum around for a bit. Sat on compy for a bit then, and decided to play SC with Gavin and whoever else was online at the time. I suck with Zerg, and when I was actually doing good....the power went out AGAIN. So then I scrapped SC, since it was already 2, and then I got ready for my interview.  Interview wasn't so bad today. Had to do some WHMIS quiz to know all the hazard signs and stuff it was pretty easy. Then just got asked a few questions. I'm probably gonna be a compy geek at library...or gardener. Dunno if I got position yet but I gotta do training Friday at Masonville Library.  And afterwards, sat around for a bit before Jason came. Then we headed to Fleetway.  I'm too lazy to blog the rest, but yeah basically the night was filled with lots of jokes, memories, and of course our farewells to Steph as she's leavin' for HK tomorrow...and not coming back for a month and a half =(.    We'll all miss you Steph...have fun in HK!   Anyways I'm out...plus I'm just too lazy to blog right now haha.  Later people.
     

    



       
       6/22/04 Lazy...REALLY lazy   Lazying around can actually be amusing, yet crappy. Today was probably the laziest day I've had this summer, with almost no sports included whatsoever, but meh other than that it was all good =). 'Sides after 3 straight hours of ball yesterday, a day of rest is good. Plus yesterday I FINALLY got a pair of Green Adidas Track Pants, though not the ones I was aiming for but hey it'll do for now =). Yesterday was actually a pretty long day when I think about it, waking up at 10am, sleeping at 3am. Then this morning...  I wake up at 12pm, after a well rested night. Jason was supposed to come over by this time, but apparently he didn't wake up until 1pm so yeah that was delayed a bit. So I went downstairs, ate, then did usual morning routine, sat around, and lazied about the house for a while. PS2 was the main form of entertainment for the majority of my afternoon. Lunch today consisted of "joak," which wasn't so bad I guess. Originally today I was going to go to see how I did on my exams, but then decided not to with laziness as the main motivator and sleep leading the way. So after lunch, I just sat around until Jason came, where afterwards we still played more PS2 haha.  Today though I found out that my uncle has a new sound card. Creative Audigy 2 or whatever...I know it's a whoop-ass card basically. I find it funny how he used to not care about his computer, and last few months he's bought 5-pc speaker system, grabbed my old monitor for larger desktop, and his video card. OH YEAH and a all-in-one printer, all within last 2-3 months.  That's almost 600 bucks or so spent on new compy junk. I found out this stuff when I went over to grab my Kill Bill back...but yeah recently all I got were speakers. 3 piece....I crumble to 5-pc systems.  Well when I walked back Jason just got there so yeah we PS2'd for most of the time. Then mom wanted to watch some TV so Jason went on compy while I went to grab some food. Jason was about to go to miniclip.com, but then I showed him the game "Defend Your Castle" on Arcadetown.com. Within minutes he was addicted the same way I was when I first started to play it, and then showed John the game and then he got addicted to it. Somehow though Calvin doesn't like it....which then led to this quote from Jason:  "So....let me get this straight. People who have an intelligence find this retarded game amusing, yet people who don't like to think don't like this game? WTF has this world come to?"  By the way, if you want to see the game,  urlLink here it is.   So after playing that game for an hour *yes we were bored, and I got tired of food GASP* we then returned to PS2, where then we played until Jason left around 6pm or so.  Afterwards I watched some TV, MSNed, and then called up Patrick to go play some ball. We played some 1-on-1, where I beat him 7-3. But then when we played a game with shots only....he won 7-5. Only reason why I came so close that game was because I fouled him whenever he shot, and did a lot of kickball that we never called hahaha. But that just shows how horrible my shot really is, which is why I have to work on it =P. Was funny watching Patrick try to do some handlin' skills...yeah he needs to work on that =P.  Well anyways yeah that was the most of my day, now I'm just bloggin', MSN, and probably gonna sleep soon. Gotta do devos tonight like I promised haha. Also gotta wake up for Job interview tomorrow...well volunteer. Library needs interviews however, so yeah pray for me guys n' girls for that, and also tomorrow goin' bowlin' with the HYPE kids...and and will also be the last time I see Steph =(....until August that is =P.  Anyways I'm out. Later.
     

    



       
       6/21/04 Lazy blog today   Lazy today, and also most of my day was just either ball @ UCC, outside, or ball on PS2 playing NBA Street ehehehe. Slept too, ate, you know the usual things to keep one self alive.  Yup.  That's it I guess....  Bye.
     

    



       
       6/20/04 Happy Father's Day to all! Mmm Father's Day BBQ...   A day to commend the efforts and doings of the male population of society. I wonder if this can relate to our Spiritual Heavenly Father too haha. So today for Father's Day instead of headin' out for dinner like our usual family tradition my dad did what he likes to do the most on any day of the week: cook=P. Yeah up until now culinary arts is still one of my dad's favourite hobbies....besides R/C cars, Model Kits and cars of all sorts *I like that too now ^_^* he is also one of the best cooks in the world. I wish I had talent like him...so far my culinary advancements have taken me only as far as pizza pockets, Mac N' Cheese and eggs =P. OH YEAH and hotdogs and hamburgers...actually to think about it I've made everything that a McD's employee can back in grade 4 when my dad owned a fast food joint in Brampton. OK so maybe I can cook some things =P...I wanna learn good stuff though haha.  So today started off with me getting up at 830am for church. Got ready in 15 minutes and then headed out the door. Dad was making a list of food for this Saturday's church BBQ at London Life place down on Oxford. So we left, I read over the list *various types of Pah's, salads, kabobs, etc.* and I'm gonna help prepare the food again haha. The memories of last year when me and Gavin made the food....mixing the chicken, butchering the chicken, pretending I was a one of those "Siu Laap Po" people with a cleaver butchering the meat....I felt like a butcher =P. Obvious why. And so that's what I'll be doing for most of Friday evening...anyone wanna help make food =P?  So picked up Jason, and then off to church we went.  This morning Dave Butler did the Praise portion of our worship since apparently no one did it this week *shrug.* The message today was about honouring our Father's in society and of course of Heavenly Father. Pastor D also talked about the love that we should have in our Heavenly Father, and the faith that there is in Love. So he spoke of the 2nd miracle in John chapter 4 where Jesus heals the Official's Son. The Official begged for Jesus' help, and even had the faith to leave when Jesus said "Go, your son is healed." I mean it's pretty difficult to trust a random stranger to go home and believe in the theory of your child being healed by those words. I like that story also for its message of how Jesus doesn't just do good to those who are Christian, but even for Non-Christians. Afterwards the Official and his family did turn to Christ though, which is still cool. Yeah. And so after service...we all headed downstairs yet again like any other average Sunday =P.  One thing unique today though....FIRST HYPE NEWSLETTER! Rebecca's efforts paid off, and today marks isssue 1 of "What's the HYPE?" It's actually pretty cool I find, with little stories and stuff from people all over HYPE. Josh also put an advertisement for tenmore.net in =P. It's our new domain name which my blog will be moving to soon. Ahh...someplace where I can upload pics and stuff to make my drab layout that much better =P. Back on track though, so we had some refreshments, with stale cheesies being one of them. After some chattin' and stuff, we then headed to Bible Study.  Today we spoke of Daniel once again. Chapter two this time though. The story of him interpreting Nebuchadnezzar's dream. I think I spelled that right. Heard the story many times in my life, but it's still a good one. It's the one about the statue made of gold, silver, bronze, iron and clay; and then a boulder toppling it afterewards and establishing a mountain there. It was a metaphor of the kingdoms each getting weaker and weaker, and eventually the boulder, which represents God will establish the eternal kingdom as He is the ruler of all. Read about it in the Bible =P.  After church we chatted for a bit once again, Jason left with Rebecky and Josh for Dim Sum and I headed home.  Home...watched TV, and then slept ehehehe. Entertainin' no =P. WB Superstar's final episode I finally caught, and wow it sucks. Then dad came, watched some soccer, and the last bit of Superstar, then he went to start preparin' the BBQ and I went to sleep. PS2 wasn't exactly at the top of my list today, and instead I decided to nap and catch up on the missed sleep fron yesterday's staying up watching SNL and MSNing. And also watching Ghostbusters, which is an awesome movie =P. So anyways to my nap.  *Nap nap...3 hours later*  Waking up at 7pm, I go downstairs to a dinner of steak *mmm* and some chinese cucumber with meat dish *shrug.* Ate mostly steak and then some cucumbers haha, and then just sat around downstairs for a bit playing NBA Street Vol.2 for a bit. Me and Jason switched games for a bit, well for me gameS since I got NBA and NFL Street over here now haha. Meh he's beaten both games 3 times over at least anyways, and I haven't beaten NFSU once even sadly haha. Patrick then called for some ball at the park, so picked up my basketball and headed down to the park with him then.  My shot's finally kinda coming back! Somewhat demented still, but at least it goes TO the net now instead of the ground =P. Er...to the net before the ground. Anyways yeah so my shot's finally coming back slowly, and I need to work on driving again. Last summer I could at least make a layup on a fast break or even through traffic, and at  the moment I can't. So yeah work on that. Balled for about an hour, then came back to my place after some chatting outside about old times when Paul used to be around also. Go-Kart building that failed, the long train with escape hatch, gigantic slingshot, soybean milk launching water guns, yeah lots of old memories hahaha.  Anyways yeah so been on blogger since 10:30, still chattin' on MSN...and I may sleep early tonight haha.  Self Reminders: -Report card on 24th -Wednesday bowlin' with HYPE people -Ball at UCC more -Wish Jenn a happy b-day on July 2nd -Stop procrastinating devos everyday -Find a CD by Chicago....recently got into more Jazz-style music  Well I'm out. Later.
     

    



       
       6/19/04 Meh..   I feel lazy today, plus my day wasn't very extravagant, so yeah it'll be a somewhat short post today. All the time wasted so far though when I think about it since Wednesday, and I still haven't really done any of my devos. I feel kinda guilty now about that. I pray for God to clear out more time for me, and when I do have the time...I somehow waste it away either on the compy or doing some other stuff. Yeah I should really stick to my prayers and act upon them when God does something for me. So yeah back to doing my devos starting tomorrow. Oh yeah tomorrow's father's day too haha...almost forgot =P.  For my day today I started it off waking up at about 10:30 or so. Went downstairs and began to practice my piano in preperation for my last lesson of this school year. I sound like crap right now...having not practiced for two weeks hehehehe. SO did that, ate, and then headed out for lesson.  Basically was briefed today on how I should practice a wee bit over summer just to keep my skills in....and not forget them come September. I'm doing my exam in February, so yeah I better be able to do this stuff by then so this summer I will be in front of the keyboard a bit.  Got home and basically from 12pm-4pm I did nearly nothing but sit in front of comp, watch TV, ball, eat, and sleep, with those not in any particular order.  Jason then came over. We played some NBA Street and then went to HYPE.  Getting real lazy now, I'll summarize HYPE tonight real quickly:  -Sang some songs of praise -Ate -Chilled  Yup that's it. Now I'm bored and probably going to sleep. Later.
     

    



       
       6/18/04 Central 2004-2005 Tromboner *along with 3 others,* basketball...whoo what a day!   Though the title sounds like I didn't do much...really it took up the majority of the day haha. Proud to say though that I am now definitely in Central Jazz, I can't wait until next year =). And my balling skills are slowly on the climb again as I start balling at UCC more often now...yay two things done in one day =).  My day started off at 830 this morning, as I had to get up and go to my school for auditions. So had a bowl of oatmeal *meh* and then headed out the door with my trombone and the audition piece "Caravan" by Chicago. Yeah now, I know why people say that Jazz/Funk music is probably the best music of all time. I don't get how the heck it ever died out, but the music is actually amazing. I need a Chicago CD now, or Duke Ellington haha. I wonder where I can get this old school stuff. Ebay? Some old CD stores? Meh...it's good music though, I suggest you people go get it =). It's actually music worth buyin' unlike 50 Cent or Eminem, or those dreadful Making the Band people. American Idol is barely tolerable, the only reason why I give credit is because they actually have some talent.  Anyways off to my school, I get there around 930 or so. Fred, Craig, Garrett, Adam P. and Christian were already there workin' away at their parts of the music. Christian ran in to do his audition, while the rest of us continued practicing our pieces. Hmm...practice went well, and I found out today that I can easily hit two octaves now almost. Actually if it were on bass trombone I could do three octaves, but I only had my King Trombone with me today, so no F Attachment to make life easier. Anyways after Christian was done *which he made it in I think* Pourier went in to do his audition. I didn't hear much of it, but I did hear a few blips.  So after his audition he walked in and said "Joe, Wharton wants you to audition now." So then I walk in, and Pourier adds "Oh yeah, she wants me to spectate also." To my surprise though when I walk in, Wharton was surprised to see me volunteer *I'm usually the lazy one that waits* and also finds it funny why Pourier was still there. So after she finally found out what's happening, she boots out Pourier and then off I go with my solo.  She said my solo was well done, even though I think I sucked. But oh well no complaints from me...I'm in Jazz. And that's the story of the evolution of Joe from average tromboner to Jazz tromboner...summarized somewhat =P.  After the audition and returning home, picked up some food at McGreasePlatter and also at Angelo's. After grabbing the food, I finally get home, eat, and then hover in front of the computer for the next hour and a half, spreading the good news of being one of the 4 jazz tromboners in Jazz, just chatting, and trying to plan out both the Paramount thingy in July and also if I'm gonna go see dodgeball next week w/ Carmen, Josh and them.  Hmm well what I thought would be an hour and a half turned out to be two hours and a half in front of the compy, as I started playing Empire Earth again. Oi I gotta stop it's getting too much fun. Well after realizing that it's getting lame and also that it isn't good sitting in front of this box that long, I finally decide to go outside and play some ball.  After 45 minutes of ball or so, I return back to my house, cooled by the A/C and grabbed some stuff to eat. Drummed, played the piano for a bit, and before I knew it it was 5pm and it was time to go play ball.  Balling today was pretty fun/productive/hilarious. Met up with Jason and Calvin around 5 and then headed into the UCC. They actually have a anti-sneaking in system installed now...  One of those revolving metal pole thingies that are at the gates of almost every amusement park, except this one doesn't lock. It just makes a noise lol. Anyways cramming our junk into a locker, we head up to the gym...  And for some reason today was like Asian day or something. Two 4 on 4 games going on, and BOTH of them had 8 Asians on each court. Weird, usually it's a clan of black people or like a mix of cultures, but today it was as though Asia was the only existent continent. Anyways so we played some ball on our own first, but then we started a two on two game with this other dude, who was the only white guy there lol.  It started off with me and Calvin dominating 7-0. But I don't know what happened, afterwards we ended up losing 11-9. I think it was because I began shooting wild 3 pointers and since I'm not exactly the best perimeter shooter *I'm terrible* yeah we kinda lost lol. I made a few nice layups though plus set up one or two decent plays. But the highlight....I made 6 blocks in total, 3 on jason and 3 on the other guy. I'm like Ben Wallace, only I'm Asian, and I'm much poorer at ball than him =P. Blasted Jason and his clutchness....if he had lazied just 4 more points we woulda won. Oh well after that since the guy left, we decided to play a few games of American 21...  Where 2/3 of the games was total B/S lol. The first one was somewhat normal, with us alley-ooping one another a numerous amount of times, but the 2nd and 3rd game...Calvin won from shots from half court that we deemed as the "5-Point line." Yeah we twisted around the rules just a bit, making the foul line worth two points, 3 points from perimter and 5 points from half court haha. So even with 13 rule in, it was nearly impossible to actually fall for it. Anyways me and Jason pretty much lost all hope after calvin made 7 shots from half court in total from the 3 games, and so we began to foul one another to stop the onslaught of points coming from any of us....if we even had points left from the mass alley-ooping. So after two hours of pure chaos, including 2 on 2 games, American 21, and Kill, we finally tired out and all went our seperate ways home. Well I had to give Jason a lift since his dad wasn't home. Oh yeah also...NEW HIGH SCORE IN CHEESY CELL PHONE SOCCER GAME! 69 POINTS! EAT THAT! *yes I realize it seems like I have no life =P*  Anyways getting back, watched Zoolander on TBS, and began to play the piano. Argh last lesson of the year next week...the wretched practicing...so close to being done for the summer =).  Anyways back to keyboardin' the 88 keys.  Oh yeah before I close....list of things I forgot:  -record my madd trombone skillz for Jenn -Need new drumheads still -Go to the Athlete's World 50% off sale...if it's still happenin'. I need new shoes =P...Adidas Superstars.... -Make plans to see a movie next week.  Anywho yeah now I'm done for the night. Hehe later.
     

    



       
       6/17/04 Ahh...first full day of summer   Ahh yes the first full day of summer...embracing it with sleeping, tromboning *audition for jazz tomorrow* and much b-ball. Yeah with summer coming in out with books and papers and stuff and in with basketball, golf, and if I still know how...breakdance. Geez I haven't done that in almost 3 months now that I think about it. I wonder if I can do anything still...  My relaxing day started off at 11:30am....a HUGE change from school, and started with some music listening. Yeah why not waste time when I can =P. To think that when I woke up exam kids were already up for over 3 hours. Muahahahaha...killing time rules =). And so heading downstairs I check email, MSN, and then played some NSFU. Yeah not much to do today, since most of my friends still are in exams, or studying...or something. And so quickly grabbed some lunch, and then finally decided to go to UCC. I haven't done anything athletic in a while....so start now haha..  And getting there I start off playing some ball. Played some 3v3....but yeah I kinda died from lack of physical activity over last two months. So after an hour of ball, I decided to go work out then....since I haven't done that either in over 3 months lol. So yeah after doing that for an hour I was dead tired...so went home haha.  So for a while played EE, tromboned, then Jason called for more UCC. Meh why not? So yeah I got ready and then after some food and more trombonin', headed down to UCC.  Heh for some reason there was lots of fighting between the people playing ball today. Over the things from fouls, to travels, even people on the same team were arguin'. Also saw Ken and some other LCACers there, so played some baddy since bball courts were kinda fuller than in the daytime *THIS IS WHY YOU GO TO UCC IN THE DAYTIME JASON.* Well yeah after some of that played a one on one game of ball against Jason, which I claim victory winning 7-4 or something like that. Also...on top of that beautiful win, TWO BLOCKS! HAH!  Anyways yeah back home...gotta finish some more trombonin', talkin on MSN, and stuff... Trying to figure out when the whole6crew will meet in summer along w/ other TCers and of course the usual London people featuring David that come along with me to Paramount haha.  Anyways I'm out. Cheers to all of summer kids =).  Later.
     

    



       
       6/16/04 HAH! Monosaccharides and cosine law have been conquered!   FINALLY DONE EXAMS!  Actually it's kinda funny how I'm done all my exams before half the people I know have even started. In fact, Jenn's the only person that I can think of that finished exams before me. HEEHEE DONE! So today after going to the math exam *which I think was easy* I bid some people good summers, and then went on my merry way to...  Head 2 Head games.  Yup again lol. I think I've been there too much last 3 days...which is why I'm gonna stop for a while haha. Today though me and John headed there and played some Empire Earth, which took up most of the time. We started off though with some Quake III, where I got owned, well except by the bots I actualy came in 3rd outta six which isn't bad, seeing I've played the game only 'bout 10 times in my life. EE took up most of the time *over 2 hours* and in the end...WE MANAGED TO KILL ONE COMP! Yeah sad I know lol. After that played some BF, and then had to go home.  So here I am now...home...  Today and tomorrow I'm gonna be a hermit in my house, as I have to get my jazz audition piece up and ready by Friday morning. So back to tromboning haha...  Oh yeah...and after listening to the Chicago copy of "Caravan," yeah Chicago is now on "my favourite non eurodance people" chart. They're actually AWESOME. If you ever find it, listen to Caravan by Chicago...it is actually AWESOME.  Anyways as said before, back to tromboning...and adding Maisie's link onto my blog.  Later. FREEDOM AT LAST!
     

    



       
       6/15/04 MONOSACCHARIDE HAS BEEN CONQURED! MUAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!   HAHAHA DONE AT LAST! I don't know how I did, but at 10:30am today, I FINALLY GOT RID OF THAT BLASTED EXAM! Biology if you haven't caught on. So yeah down with that...and now I'm studying for math =P.  For the rest of the day after exams, I pretty much did my volunteer hours of cleaning instruments. Fun times haha. Kelsey and Niki were there also, and they did trumpets while I cleaned trombones for the majority of the time. Went out to Subway for lunch, came back and cleaned some more and then headed home.  Yup...that was pretty much exam day one. Tomorrow: Math exam. And then I gotta practice my audition piece like hell for Wednesday and Thursday.  Anyways yeah I'm out for now. Probably studyin' for math for majority of day. Later.
     

    



       
       6/14/04 Monossacharide=Single sugar. Mitosis=Somatic cell division. Zygote=the result of sperm and egg meeting. Nucleotide=Sugar,phosphate, and nitrogeneous base. Spider Keys, Dichomotus keys, GAAH BIOLOGY!   This whole day has been revolving around SBI 3U1. Whether if it was the studying in the library, the one hour @ Head 2 Head games, or after school studyin' with Tehm and Lilian...it was biology. Yeah...this whole day my brain's been filled with stuff like the saccharides, cloning, the different systems in the human body, etc. And to think that after the exam tomorrow I gotta cram in the formulas for math. Not that that will be hard, but still it won't be that fun. Today wasn't bad though...the studying actually helped alot. Plus just having some quiet time in the morning reading out of the Daily Inspiration PDL *recently found out I got summarized version of PDL, which is already summarized. Therefore Summary of a summary* and sipping a large java from Timmy's and havin some timbits. It wasn't that bad, and I feel somewhat well prepared for tomorrow...if not totally haha...  So this morning I decided I'd wake up and head to library for morning studies at 9am. So ggot up at about 830, got ready and headed out the door. Bought timbits and coffee at Timmy's for breakfast and then headed to library with my food and books.  So started off my studies with a quick word of prayer, and then decided to read a few verses from PDL. Finished off the section about how we are all part of God's family, and re-read some of the previous stuff also. Then begun my studying...  Gargh....cramming all the biology from the whole year back in my head. At least I can focus today and not have a headache bugging me. So looked over old tests, filled in some wrong answers, tried some review. Apparently I know most of the stuff on the review, so I'm assuming I should be ok for the final evaluation. Plus the quizzes on Mr. Kimmel's site helped alot, so I should be ok for tomorrow. An hour and a half quickly zoomed by, and before I knew it I had to make the descision of whether I should go to school or not. Eventually I decided I would, so I packed my things and trekked my way to school.  Music class today...yup about 6 of us lol. Thompson called 10 mins into class not realizing class started, and then quickly drove down to school. Today we just sorted out music, and listened to Niki's Eagles CD. Justin brought his guitar, and played a few things, and yeah 40 minutes passed real quickly. Gave away the crappy Timbits that I dared not to touch *the plain ones* and also chatted with the others guess you can say one last time before summer started.  Science I didn't really go to since well basically no one was there. only 5 of us, so me, John and Hammond said a thanks to Mr. Curphey *he was an awesome teacher* and then me and John and Pourier would head to Head 2 Head...had to fuel my craving for BF Vietnam. For some reason I felt like gaming lol. But before leaving I read this:   Curphey's Law  1. I am always right 2. If I am ever wrong, refer to rule 1 3. I am perfect 4. If you disagree, refer to rule 1 to 3   I thought that was great. Oh yeah him and Mrs. Wharton both got these funny award certificates from the group known as the "United Pricks." It was the thing used for their 007 film on film night, consisted of Fed, Matt Brown, Dave Rutt and some other gr. 12's that are graduating. The awards were pretty funny though.  Anyways like I said we got bored so we went off to Head 2 Head games to play some BFV. While there today I grabbed a 1 month membership just to try it out, plus it was a deal. Free half hour and I only had to pay 2 bucks for the extra half hour needed to make a full one hour. Plus I got a membership ^_^. Starting BFV, which took a while, we finally got underway after about five minutes, since we had some server problems and for some reason the computers kept rebooting for no reason. As I mentioned before this whole ady was about biology, so me being the geeky biology freak I decided to make my largely intimidating BFV name "Monosaccharide." Anyways so we played for an hour, and then I headed back to school for some bio review since I had bio then.  There were 10 of us in that class lol. Yeah so went over a few questions. I FINALLY GET PROTEIN SYNTHESIS! All thanks to this really weird puzzle thing Ms. Wiener had. Also I feel special that I know taxonomy...and I got to help people w/ it haha. Usually I'm the pretty stupid one...BUT I ACTUALLY KNOW STUFF NOW! Muahahaha! Pretty much only gr. 10's where there, but meh we still got some review packed in. After bio me, Tehm and Lilian then went to the library to study. Ok correction...Tehm Lilian and I, for those English freaks out there.  Arriving at the library around 130...ish, we get there and immediately dive into our books. That was when I realize at 2pm that I had to run back to school to order my CD's still lol. So ran back to school, and then quickly ran back to the library in 10 minutes or so *our school and the library is very close.* Tehm went to grab 4 burger from Arby's in total through the time plus some various other foods, while for some reason my craving for some proteins, carbs, cholestrol, lipids etc. died out while studying. We talked about lots of stuff, from Chinese restaurants to Tehm and Lilian talking about the weird people they see walking in and out of the public washroom that was facing our study table. Yeah like I said...WIDE variety of talking subjects haha. So after two hours of studying, we all went on our different paths to our homes.  Arriving home, I finish up some brief studying, watched some TV, drummed, relaxed a bit, ate, and also managed a 30 minute nap.  Waking up at 8pm, I showered and once again resumed my studying. From then till now (11:37pm) I've been cramming in stuff like capillary fluid exchange, plants, and other stuff into my head once again. Pray for my bio exam if you people can, and back to my studying hehe.  Good luck on your exams too people.  Later.
     

    



       
       6/13/04 Gah..sick for the most part   So wasn't exactly the study crammed Sunday I intended, but more of a day of sleep. For some reason I was sneezing a lot today, cept I held them in, so yeah my head felt like it was going to pop. So for the most part today I slept....but before that...  I woker up this morning at around 8am, and then quickly got ready for church. Had to bring towercase again since I was too lazy *and also didn't think of this* to put powerpoint on two floppy disks and then bring it to church. So instead I just unplugged everything and brought it to church. Jason didn't answer his door this morning when I went to give him a lift to church, which the story will be explained later. It's really very interesting how he didn't answer the door. Anyways got to church at about 830...  But for some reason only Gavin was there. So when I asked him where she was, he just shrugged and said "I don't know." So yeah...by 8:50 we had to call Carmen and tell her she's not doing worship this week. Wasn't the coolest thing to do, but she didn't show up and we had to practice, so we had to do what was done. So worship started around 915 as usual, and we didn't do too bad for just drums and guitar and Gavin on vocal.  I couldn't get full message of second coming today as I was running back and forth with a somewhat runny nose, but I got for the most part that He IS coming soon, but we should always be prepared, since God will not be coming on schedule, but by surprise. The Bible uses the analogy of a thief coming without notice. So yeah...be prepared haha. Carmen and Jason came a bit late but they still managed to make it. Mike got an I-Pod which is shweet...hmm yeah that's all I can really remember. Oh yeah and after service they pointed out that for the song "I can only imagine" I forgot to put in lyrics....OOOH SO THAT EXPLAINS WHY NO ONE WAS SINGING...Haha whoops =P.  So yeah going downstairs I asked Jason if he just slept in this morning. Apparently not...  He explained that when I went to ring on his doorbell...he thought today was Monday. Yeah I know sounds farfetch'd, but he pretty much thought "wth? Who would ring my doorbell at 830 on a Monday? Screw that I'm gonna sleep." A while later he then woke up and wondered why his mom wasn't at work. Then he finally turned on his TV and saw it was Sunday. That was when he thought "Uh Oh...CRAP!"  That was the story of Jason's morning. Carmen's I don't know. Like usual though she was poking me to death, with my defense of flailing arms almost working MUAHAHA! Anywho, me Calvin and Dan and Mike then went outside to throw around the football for a bit, and then Bible Study started.  Today we started studying Daniel. You know the story, how he got taken to Babylon, etc etc. Personally I didn't learn a lot today, but I did learn something new at least. I never really noticed the courage Daniel had to even request for a different food from the King. Normally you'd think people would take what the King has given, but he objected to the King to not go against his own morals.  So after lesson chilled for a bit, I learned power G chord on guitar and then I had to go home.  Lunch at home was alright....some celery dish w/ mushrooms and pork. Meh...and rice of course. So after lunch played some SC, but for some reason a killer headache was beginning to form, so I quickly stopped and headed upstairs for some sleep.  *four hours later*  Waking upt at 9, I then realize that the house is pretty quiet. Apparently dad went to sleep, and dinner was made a while back. So quickly ate, and from then until now I have been studying for biology. Argh so much stuff I still must cover. Anyways I'm out for now....gotta study for bio still haha.  Later.
     

    



       
       6/12/04 First Saturday of holidays...aah   Awesome day today. To me, I thought today was a great way to start off my summer. Filled with fellowship, worship practice, and just chillin' with the rest of the HYPE kids. Even though some of them are studying their minds out...there were still a few of them that came to the meeting at my place tonight. Hmm.....as for the rest of my day...  I awoke around 930 today to start my weekend. Now I had to be at the church by 10am to do worship practice w/ Gavin and Carmen, so yeah I had 15 minutes to get ready then bolt out the door. so breakfast, teeth brush, washed face, got dressed, then headed out.  Go to church around 10am...whoo on time! So we started rehearsal right away, yeah sorta skipped prayer....but oh well it's over with now. So this week's theme was on the 2nd coming of Christ, so songs were HARD to choose for this week....VERY HARD. Eventually we got through though. Songs we picked this time contrast in tempo a lot...two jamming songs and then two slower songs, and another one. I like response song this week though. It's the one that's titled "I Can Only Imagine." I think it's awesome song. Oh yeah...then me and Gavin had this inside joke going. Carmen was singing pretty quietly, so Gavin kinda died out from singing, and then I was saying how it sounded like all of a sudden only drums could be heard, so then Gavin made this 1 man Jam...argh too bad I can't show over blog, but it was funny haha. Practice went by pretty quick...and 12pm came just on time...like usual. I wonder why =P...  So getting home...just sat around for a bit before Josh and Lina came over to study for bio. Yeah....Josh surprisingly doesn't know a whole lot lol.   "Uhh...guys is X the boy?"   Oh but one of the funnier ones...   "Ok Josh what's external respiration?" *Josh inhales and exhales*   He did the same for internal also and cellular...but with some hand clapping haha. It was pretty fun time studying...some jokes and some knowledge crammed into head. Hmm....so yeah 3pm...Lina had to go back home, and Wenders and Ken came over for prestudy before HYPE tonight. So yeah my house has been the centre of events today =P.  Prestudy went fairly well. ME AND JOSH LED STUDY TODAY! Well....did the main leading w/ help from Wendy and Ken. It was fun =P. So we did prestudy, then ordered pizza. Mmm.....pizza ^_^. So good. Well actually Ken and JOsh went to his place to print off some handouts and then also went to pick up pizza. Wendy and I stayed at my place and looked at old pictures and stuff.  Hmm yeah...today would be the first time I had anchovies on pizza in my life. It tasted...well fishy. Oh yeah and REALLY salty. We all vowed to have a slice of anchovy pizza....BUT THEN WENDY BROKE HER VOW! Well sorta...she nibbled one anchovy and then left the rest to rot. The rest of us had two slices each. Pineapple, Mushroom and italian sausage was good though. Jason came early and got a slice too. Then Calvin and Becca came. Oh  yeah today Becca and Lina for some reason both used my printer to print stuff, as slow as it is. 'Cept even after I told them not to use black ink...THEY DO ANYWAYS. So yeah they had to REPRINT EVERYTHING and wasted over 20 sheets of paper. Ugh....smart people *not*...  So then HYPE started. Only Steph, Gavin, Calvin, Becca, Jason and Brian showed up today. Plus Josh and counselors. So yeah leading was pretty fun today. First time in my life actually doing it semi independent...it was cool =P. I could delegate people to do things haha =P. It kinda reminded me of back when I was little using training wheels on a bike...I sorta got the hang of riding the bike but still had help. Actually more like riding a bike with training wheels and a rollcage....I could still fall probably...but if I would have fallen the rollcage would protect me =P. Point was it was fun...and educational. Now I know how hard it is to teach things haha.  Then after HYPE...ate food and then most of the guys went to ball. I was kinda lazy so chatted w/ Wendy, Becca and Steph 'bout a whole bunch of random things. From Troy to whether I could cut Rebecca's hair; but I'd have to shave my legs for the price...yeah the whole potpourri of stuff. It was pretty funny though...Wendy started complaining about how Hector in Troy was missing a teeth...I was surprised she could notice that lol. It reminded me of the time when Adrian pointed out that Trinity used Linux to hack into the power grid....OI how the heck can you notice that?! Yeah we also had some laughs...HYPE was pretty funny tonight. Oh yeah and also Wendy was saying how she was getting fat even though she's as skinny as Steph, and then me and Becca had convo about Spoonfaces and Girlie shorts...yup.....very spirited convos.  Yeah so after hearing ehough of their talk, I finally went outside and played some ball. Hard to see a black basketball at night. Anyways played American...Calvin won, then Jason, and then yeah they all had to go.  And here I am now working on tomorrow's slide show and finishing up blog....and MSNing. Well I'm out. Later.
     

    



       
       6/11/04 WHOO! SCHOOL'S OUT!   FINALLY! After....many days of school...IT'S OVER! MUAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA! SO HAPPY! No more lugging around a backpack to school and stuff. In fact, after Wednesday, I won't have school for another 3 months....shweet =). So yeah....so far I've planned out following for summer:    -Volunteer @ Library for July -Chill w/ homies and homelies -Toronto in August -Canada's Wonderland w/ the 6crew and the usual people *you know who you are* -Anime Convention?   I doubt the last one I'll do...since I'm not that big of a fan of anime anyways. Sad...Melissa and Robert in my programming class already know more anime than me...and you know the stereotype of Asians liking anime....well I don't =P...except MT...and Chobits I guess I can tolerate a bit now.  But yeah...last day of school was pretty unproductive...but fun =P.  History and Civics we watched Shrek. Angela and some other person walked into civics for no reason and just sat there....whatever last day of school who cares =P. Final civics and history project got perfect, and civics exam I got 86%. SHWEET I MAY BE 85%+ AVERAGE STILL =). It all depends on english...come on don't go under 70 =). If it stays in 80...I almost have 90 average. GRRRRR.....  Lunch today....went to Jasper's one last time. Got a bagel and cream cheese to save money haha =P. It's actually pretty good. I can understand why white people like it for breakfast...it's actually good stuff. I like it now hehe. Hmm...it may be a breakfast thing next year =P. Kinda like coffee...cept parents seem to hate it.  Then math class. me still being hungry, I got some people *me, Saika and Mophead* to order a pizza. So the 3 of us went to call at a phone booth since reception blew downstairs. Ms. Davidson found it funny how "calling home" required three people. So in the end we ordered a cheese pizza from Pizza Pizza. Too bad it never came...blasted crap service. We even named the EXACT room. Room 114, London Central Secondary School. Mr. Gilbert really never knew what was happening till then end of class, when Nick warned him:  "Nice havin' ya for a teacher Mr. G. Oh yeah....if a pizza comes here tell him you're Mr. Freeman"  Hmm while waiting for the pizza, me, Jess and Maggie began lookin' at each other's cellphones. Whitaker has a sweet phone...it's the Sony Ericsson w/ the analog digital clock. It's kinda feminine phone though. Hmm....Courtney's charades game died pretty quickly....yeah math class was entertaining. A few people still did review..but yeah other than that nothing heh. Hmm next year I got chem and physics with Sarah Wild also found out, and music w/ Maggie also. So let's see...in music we've got Shaunvir, Christian, Leanna, Arjun, Kurtis, and Maggie...well that I know of. Hmm interesting. Surprises are always good =P.  Programming......only like 15 people so we did jack squat. Got tests back...87%,100%, and 96%. So programming mark is gonna skyrocket =). Hmm....yeah for the rest of the time just chatted with some people, and got to kinda know that 9er girl Monica that's in my programming class. Apparently she's really hyped up about marks...probably more than the average Asian @ Central....which is somewhat surprising. I say somewhat because that one "Asian Posse" is like "gangsta..." least they sure think so....HAHAHAHAHAHA that's funny. Anyways...  So school ended early today @ 1:30 for year end assembly. This year just many goodbyes to teachers, including our Principal Mr. Scanlon, Mr. Curphey *the ultimate science teacher,* and the infamous Mr. Krisak. Apparently Scanlon's a Christian, and Krisak seems to believe in a God. Found that kinda interesting. So the assembly had a few tears, lots of talkin', and farewell speeches. OH YEAH how could I forget. Mr. Endo's leaving too! I was looking forward to physics with him. He's our badminton coach also...but he is retiring. Ugh I don't want Doba for physics...football coach + physics? How did that ever work? Anyways, After the assembly...  Me, Mophead and Jason then headed down to Head 2 Head games for some gaming. Meh this is how I started Christmas holidays too lol. So gamed for 3 hours. Got owned in Empire Earth by compies, and BFV was fun like usual =P. Nothing as exciting as last time when the boats sank though...this time we actually played well and won =P. Grr...I really want a new comp now >_  TODAY WAS GRADUATION. WTH!? I THOUGH SCHOOL'S OVER! Well yeah for some reason they had some graduation thing today. THE ONE DAY WE CHOOSE TO PLAY BALL THEY HAVE GRAD. Ugh how ironic is that? So yeah we ended up going to my place...walking back since mom had to pick up dad since car was in shop. Got back home around 7pm...mom was kinda surprised we balled so quickly, so explained what happened. so PS2 for the time at my place, and compy. Not much since Jason had to leave an hour later.  So gave him a lift back, came back home, ate, did some other stuff...and here I am now. Joy, Gerts, and Jenn all find my water-noise thing that I make flicking my cheek pretty amusing. All of them got some laughs out of it hehe. Oh yeah also turns out the May Tang I met at the Orientation is ANOTHER May Tang...so different one from the one on my MSN list haha.  Anyways I'm out for the night. Gotta study for some bio, maybe math, and hit the hay. Gotta wake up at 9 tomorrow to do worship practice with Carmie and Gavin. Hmm...oh yeah tomorrow Lina and Josh comin' over too for "mad" bio studying. Then HYPE hehe. Later people....and have a good summer to all! =).
     

    



       
       6/10/04 Savouring the final days of gr. 10   Hmm....gr. 10 year did pass by really quickly. Not that I'm pissed at that in fact I can't wait to go into gr. 11. being a senior next year, as mentioned by Gloria "WE'RE GETTING OLD!" haha and also the senior music trip.......always awesome =). So yeah...final days of gr. 10 are spent cramming for bio and math. Great eh =P.  Well my day started at the usual 730. It's kinda funny to think I used to leave my house at 730 back in early grade 9. Heh now I wake up then, and then get to school by 810. Well gave Patrick a lift also, and we got to school as I said by 810. I had to photocopy my solo for Mrs. Wharton, and then after that rushed downstairs to do what rehearsal I could.  Before I knew it the last music class of the year begun =(. Oh well...did my solo. I was 4th. I got a 89 for it...not bad. I was expectin sometin worse...but 89 is good I guess lol. I'm volunteering to help clean up after bio exam on June 15th, hmm and yeah we also got rice krispie squares =P. Mmmm.....food ^_^.  So science basically we did nothing. No notes, just talked and stuff. John got "Penis John" written on his back by Nick Saika who was "just" writing John haha. Hangman was a popular game...7 up died after 2 rounds lol. Hmm.....dunno what else happened. Today was pretty relaxing...nothing to do at all. Lunch came and I went to study w/ Hammond for bio.  Lunch yeah we studied. Hmm.....yeah Hammond needs some work on biology. I do also...but I knew more than him hehe. I need to learn more taxonomy...and stuff. And DNA...yeah I need to relearn that. So far biochem and the systems i've conquered =P.  Bio.studied. And somehow we began to talk about movies lol. Underhill, Drew and Okanski were in their own group, and somehow me, Robert, Melissa, Tehm, Rachel, and Lilian began talking about movies also lol. Lily gave us some fortune cookies...mmm cookies ^_^ and then we kept on talking about movies. We all agreed Dodgeball looks funny and Texas Chainsaw Massacre *though I've yet to see it* is retarded. Just hearing about the crappy slasher film makes me not wanna see it hehe. Oh yeah Tehmina was talking about some part in the Ring about the horse falling off a cliff...yeah she said she was as MSN lazy people say "lmao." I'm really lazy so yeah...and also this points out how the english language has been butchered. Totally off subject but I thought I'd point it out =P.  English...FREE MEAL! We had our cafe today...so basically I got a lunch for free =P. Watched a bit of some movie "Ms. Dodgefire" or sometin. Pretty funny. Robin Williams is in it. I wanna see the rest of it =P.  After school went to study for math a bit w/ Steve, then headed for home.  Yeah....that was pretty much my last day two of the year. I'm not going to school on Monday since it's redundant. Argh well until Ms. Wiener said we get to see our marks Monday. So I may just drop in Monday for bio and then leave again lol.  Anyways I'm out for now. Later.
     

    



       
       6/9/04 WHOO! All hard things done...now to Study   FINALLY! The bad is gone....well except exams...but how bad can they be? At last I'm done my history and stuff...and now all I'm going to be doing is cramming for math and biology exam. WHOO HOO! Yeah school year is coming to an end...I'm so excited. Gr. 10 was such a quick year. In no time I'll be in university...kinda scary when I think about it =S. Oh well...that's for another time...right now I got other things to do.  This morning history presentation I think went well. We had locker cleanout, and Christian showed me a 2000 yearbook of our school. Apparently we had a golf team. Hmm.....I didn't have much to clean out so threw out a few papers and that was basically it. Oh yeah I also got my timetable for next year:   Day 1 -gr. 12 bio -Gr. 11 chem -Music -Gr. 11 Law  Day 2  -Physics -PAS -Math -English   Civics....lost election =( lol.  And now to summarize the rest of my day since I gotta cram for bio:  Math...review programming...slacked off practiced for music after school....solo tomorrow =S bus ride home...slept on bus, traffic jam from a car accident up ahead then went to Library volunteer orientation  Hmm apparently at the library thing.....I saw Melody....and this girl May Tang I think Carmen knows...and someone that used to be on my MSN list. Wait I think she still is on...but point is I've never met her lol.  Anyways back to studying for bio.  Btw...need prayers for exams haha. Thanks for those who are prayin' for me=P.  Later.
     

    



       
       6/8/04 3 more days...come on   Everyday is another day gone, and closer to the summer break. Gah...why must it be so long? Oh well....savouring my last few days as gr. 10 hehe....today wasn't that bad. Late start dah =). Yup that means I wake up at 830 for school and I'm still not late =P.  SO got up this morning at 830, did you know the usual stuff. Eat, hygiene, get dressed, etc. and headed out the door around 840. Had to go there a wee bit early to rehearse with Niki and Kelsey for their solos today in music. So got there, practiced a bit...  And then the moment of truth. Yup...solos. I don't go till Thursday, but Kelsey and Niki went today so I had to do the piano. I think they did alright. I screwed up a few times, and when I played w/ Kelsey she came in maybe a bar early so we were out of sync for a bit. Oh well...other than that it went well =). On the whole, most of the class sounded good.  Science: we finished soil lab. Oh yeah did my speech today...it sucked haha.  Lunch...ahh for once I went out again. To Jasper's I went, where I had a philly steak wrap. Mmm.....so good....downed it with water since I ran outta money =P.  Bio class we started review. Hmm....yeah I think I'm screwed for the exam....I forget everything we are reviewing lol. I'm not the only one though. Our whole class forgot about hormones that help with digestion (i.e. Insulin). Wow I can't believe I'm talking about biology in my blog...*shudder*  English...finished monologues. I did mine...GOT 82% WHOO HOO! I'm not going to fail English...er Chinese Fail. Actually I've done that already....so I can't Joe Fail =P.  After school....worked on history project, played PS2, and ate and stuff. Yeah not much...mostly cooped up in here w/ the air conditioning on. It's scorching out there. Well was....right now it's night so not as much...  Anyways yeah....can't wait for the summer....started planning yesterday when I was bored haha. Yeah...Toronto for sure...Anime Convention doubt it now...since no one else I know is going. Paramount this year I'm hopin' to round up Jenn, Gerts and Ju and em and go...oh yeah plus the usual Gavin Dave and whoever else. Josh may come this year since he found out he can stand roller coasters. CONGRATS JOSH.  Anyways...to shower then study for bio and then plan out summer =P. Later.
     

    



       
       6/7/04 Gah...how'd Tampa Win   The long hard fought battle ending in game 7 in Tampa....with Tampa winning. *Shudder*  Yeah the rest of my day was pretty average also....well after school went to study w/ Dan and Mike for math. Then we ate, and then went to Athlete's World...some half price sale. I got another Adidas Baseball Jersey, Shirt, swimming shorts and socks. Meh all that for 60 bucks I wasn't complainin'. Ugh can't find anywhere that carries enough old school Adidas stuff  Anyways I'm gonna go eat now...after watching the game I'm pretty hungry. Plus I kinda don't feel like blogging since Calgary kinda uhh...lost.  Hmm hope Jenn's doing well on her exams. Hmm...hope the rest of us will do well on our exams lol.  Well God's always around, and I know his guidance and wisdom is always with us, as he never forsakes us =).  Anyways I'm out. Later.
     

    



       
       6/6/04 Many things happening on this Sunday   So much can happen in one day. Now I'm kinda lazy right now because I wanna sleep, but it's cool how today just started off so fresh. I mean yesterday ended crummy, but today was a good start to a good day. For once mom didn't really hold grudges....well that much....well anyways yeah....other than that...  Today also was D-Day's 60th anniversary, game 1 between Lakers and Pistons, and Patrick Sackville's birthday. Yeah so a lot can happen in one day haha. Today @ Church was alright too...great speaker. Hmm then history project...our Heritage Minute...  Yeah that pretty much sums up my day. I made a whoop-ass civics brochure....and yeah I'm done for now haha.  Later.
     

    



       
       6/5/04 Good start...not so great finish   Ok so my Saturday was going about well...in fact, I even thought it was an awesome first Saturday of June =). Well until my mom brought back beef from like two weeks ago. I mean SERIOUSLY you'd think you could let go of stuff that happened two weeks ago...but nope not my mom. She seems to just LOVE bringing back things that happened two and a half weeks ago and seem to be like "HAH LOOK YOU'RE WRONG!" Do I care? Not really...the only thing I really care about is if someone can come up with constructive criticism. I mean...if someone calls me an idiot and points out the reason...obvious or not I can tolerate. But when people are calling me crap like that for no reason....or one of those "reasons" that just HAPPEN to be so "obvious" it can't be told...   BULLSHIT!   ...Yeah this blog is going to get a little bit more positive....BUT HONESTLY it's so friggin stupid when I get home after watching Troy...and my mom brings up random shit from two weeks ago about how a damn gas station lane at that one stupid gas station is single lane, or for some reason the time when I thought worship wasn't that great. Yes the subjects varied that much....I mean SERIOUSLY. There are times when I can tolerate this...but when she adds in random words like "idiot," "retard" or other various synonyms for those words....yeah I can get ticked off. Is it right? I doubt it...I mean God I don't think liked it...but does he REALLY like people that ridicule others without reason or with one of those "UGH IT'S SO OBVIOUS" reasons. If it's so damn obvious help the person by explaining to him how obvious it is. Why leave a fellow soldier drag along on his wounded way when you can help him? Who cares if it's OBVIOUS that the wound isn't that severe...help the person....and not make the wound bigger by jabbing at it with a 9 inch blade....or in the argument case by ridiculing them even more. Ugh it took at least two hours before my mom finally stopped with her blabbering. Oi....two hours of pointing out random stuff that don't even relate...and when I DO come up with a relevant point it's off to subject #29103948576: Why I'm apparently a poor driver. Heh funny I don't drive since I don't have a license....makes a lot of sense. Like I said....lots of irrelevant subjects....some I laugh at in my head when she brings them out. Others I'm surprised she can bring up beef from 4 months ago.  Anyways....enough with hearing 'bout my negative b/s....the rest of my day is awesome. I always do try to live up to one of my favourite Bible passages...you know the one about how I should love my neighbours and enemies, and also speaks of how revenge is never good. Matthew 5:38-48:   An Eye for an Eye  "You have heard that it was said, 'Eye for eye, and tooth for tooth.' But I tell you, Do not resist an evil person. If someone strikes you on the right cheek, turn to him the other also. And if someone wants to sue you and take your tunic, let him have your cloak as well. If someone forces you to go one mile, go with him two miles. Give to the one who asks you, and do not turn away from the one who wants to borrow from you.  Love for Enemies  "You have heard that it was said, 'Love your neighbor and hate your enemy.' But I tell you: Love your enemies and pray for those who persecute you, that you may be sons of your Father in heaven. He causes his sun to rise on the evil and the good, and sends rain on the righteous and the unrighteous. If you love those who love you, what reward will you get? Are not even the tax collectors doing that? And if you greet only your brothers, what are you doing more than others? Do not even pagans do that? Be perfect, therefore, as your heavenly Father is perfect.   Anyways to start my Saturday...positively =)  I woke up today around 11am after last night from chattin' a wee bit too long on MSN. Well getting up, I was gonna practice piano, but decided to try out trombone practice for new Jazz audition song. "Caravan" by Duke Ellington. I don't know what it sounds like...so I went on Kazaa hoping for a listen. Well....apparently people don't know it either so there's 8 different songs with the same name and composer. So now I'm hoping I got the right one...and gonna figure it out on my own also haha. So by 12:25 though...I had to leave for piano...  Piano....hmm not much since I'm not doing exams. NO lesson next week =P and also apparently she wants me to start gr. 9 music. *Shrug*  Getting home...Jason got here as he needed a lift to Springbank, so we played some Underground, and I played some DDR before he came. Unlocked NISSAN 350! WHOO! Though for some reason it sucks more than the Sentra, and RX-7...meh I got it anyways for the looks lol. So after 15 minutes of that...we had to go to the Park. Picked up Lina and then we were off...  While on the car  ride....we were talking about my idea for a car washing mechanism that resembles the window washing system in your car. Yeah...my idea is to put those little black things on the sides of your car above the windows and spray the car every once in a while. Yeah after hearing some doubts...and now thinking back on it...it can't work lol.  Got to the park around 2:15...and apparently I'm not the only one that hasn't arrived =P. Carmen wasn't gonna be there for another while, and Gavin and Steph just got there. Ken had an exam so he came a bit later. So we started off with a word of prayer that I said, and then we dug in, since Carmen was gonna be 30 minutes late, and Ken was at an exam for now. Well afterwards Carmen somehow just showed up...it was kinda weird because once I turned around POOF she was there lol. Kinda like the time when out of nowhere Jason walked in my house and I just yelled "HOLY SHIT!" And so she brought sandwhiches, I brought the veggies and fruit, Josh and Becca brought cake, Lina brought drinks, Gavin and Jason brought noodles, and Ken and Steph would bring appetizers. I liked the picnic, and we actually had a decent amount of food =P. Lots of leftovers.  So after the eating, we sang some songs of praise, and then went on with lots of freetime. Some of us started playing w/ a volleyball, while others began their wars with water. While the war was going on for the first half, I was playing Gavin's guitar trying to learn some new chords. Well in the end I helped Kendrick learn a few new chords in my "broad" knowledge of the guitar and yeah he learned D and G from me lol. I didn't really get involved in the water gun fights until Rebecca shot me while I was playing Gavin's guitar. Getting annoyed with water going down my back I finally took up a bottle of water and chased Rebecca whipping water at her. Then after that ran out I quickly took my somewhat defective gun and dumped it on her, causing her to run further than I've ever seen her run before lol. The real highlitht had to be though, the triple team on Carmen lol. Josh was reloading, so she was about to run for him....er shoot but then Gavin comes from behind, grabs her so she can't do jack, and then I dumped a bucket of water on her =P. Yeah she got soaked pretty much from that....not that she wasn't already but she was whatever is beyond soaked lol. Hmm I remember the whole war though starting with Gavin totally soaking Lina, then all the girls just chased him. Wendy almost lost a contact but then I pointed out it was in her goggles that she was wearing lol. She lost one anyways though in the end. Hmm oh yeah then afterwards near then end before I had to go....  Wendy: Ok guys let's stop....we gotta go soon stop refilling"  *Starts shooting me and Gavin*  Yeah we were helpeless and Wendy shot us....and we couldn't reload since we had to go soon lol. So while we were about to leave...all of a sudden my day changed. Instead of jamming @ home w/ Gavin and Dan....well we decided to go see Troy lol. Well Dan wasn't home, so couldn't really jam w/ just a guitar and drums. So we went to see Troy.  Well I had to go home first to change, so Ken said he'd come grab Lina and me at my place. However apparently my mom seems to think that having a girl at my place while she's not there wasn't too cool....so in the end she seemed to blame me for her being late because she can't really trust me. Bleh oh well in the end we got to the movies. Ken came around the corner with a powerslide, and literally making Rebecca petrified lol. Gavin Josh and Jason were like the usual guys though......"YEAH POWERSLIDE!" Yeah I was thinkin' it was awesome too, but in the end mom drove us since Ken's plan was to drive the 7 of us in a Jetta lol. Well it was kinda my family's fault...since originally he was gonna take them to Silvercity first then come grab me and Lina, but yeah since my mom called telling him to hurry up he hurried...literally lol.  We finally got to Silvercity around 6:30 or so, where we bought tickets and milled around the mall until 7. BLAST! SC Ghost is delayed till December! However DDR Extreme is comin' out September 23rd! Can't wait for that =). That'll keep me entertained until SC Ghost =P. Well 7pm came around fast...and off to watch Troy.  Movies to look out for from previews: King Arthur, some movie about demon fighting ft. Keanu Reeves, Ocean's 12...or w/e the title's gonna be lol. So yeah...after those previews...MOVIE!  Hmm throughout movie made fun of it...lol. Well it was a good movie just that there were a lot of things that me and Jason made fun of. Like the thing of how it'd be funny if the fire burning the corpses ignited the igniter, or how "them Trojans be treadin' on A-dawg's turf." A dawg being Achilles. Yeah the movie was good though...with many sad and cool parts. I also realized Shakespeare ripped like half of Romeo and Juliet from Troy. Woman loves man from the enemy, they fight, THEY EVEN HAVE IDENTICAL NAMES! Prince Paris was the most obvious one...I mean if I were Shakespear I'd at least make the name different to make it less obvious. The movie's fight scenes were AWESOME though. Achilles apparently has a 2 meter vertical with armour on. Wow he'd rule the NBA =P. Plus he owned everyone on the battlefield...until the wussie Prince Paris killed him when he was saving a Trojan woman. That part I found somewhat lame...though the real story goes like that apparently. Bummer. Hmm plus was pretty cool with the one on one battles between soldiers to determine victory or no. Prince Paris did lose to the King of Sparta, but wussed out of the battle and then had his bro kill the King of Sparta. Oh well....yeah the movie was good...won't reveal anymore...go watch it =P.  Well getting home...yeah then it loops back to the beginning of my entry where mom began her unproductive lecture.  Meh... oh well...gotta head to sleep now. I'm thankful though that Christ at least made my day mostly enjoyable, despite the two hours of crap. But hey...2/24 hours...that's nothing. Not even 10% of my day...so I don't really care for it. Totally sucks how Calgary lost tonight though. Oh well least I can see game 7 now haha. But yeah I really wished Calgary won tonight....I mean who cares if I saw it or not I care more about if they won or not. Like my dad said I can see the highlights on the news or some sports channel =). But yeah...as you can see the rest of my day was pretty awesome. Soaking people with water, eating food, learning more stuff about guitars, and watching Troy...another flick off the checklist. Now for Garfield and Dodgeball =P..  Later.
     

    



       
       6/4/04 Ahh...school life has never been closer to an end =)...for ths year   Ahh yes....only 5 more days of oppresion and then it's freedom. Well except for the exams...but those don't count =P. Oh yes the sweet smell of freedom just around the corner. It can be mocking, yet assuring =). Just to think in a matter of a week, i don't have to worry about waking up at 730am anymore, or getting to school on time. Ahh yes...in a matter of 5 days, all I have to worry about is studying for bio and math, and playing PS2, balling, and back to my summer workout schedule...yup....and of course just chillin'. Also I find in the summer I sometimes have the best times doin devos and gettin closer to Christ. Nothing in your mind to get you off track =P.  Well for another day of school...  Today in music we had some stupid theory test. Mr. Boldt the retard still doesn't seem to understand how to write scales, so our whole class is doing it wrong. I tried to correct him, as well as some other students, but him being the old head of the Laurier music departnment, he's an idiot. Plus....LAURIER S.S....I bet an average Central student knows more about music than that guy. Oh yeah and afterwards....we used insufficient tools to clean the instruments...well more like 3 trumpets. It was pretty stupid...  Science: Studied dirt. Yup.  Lunch: Kelsey WAS supposed to come practice, but in the end she didn't really come....so I ended up talkin' to Dave Rutt a lot about senior music...well he's graduating and I'm plannin' to do jazz band, wind ensemble...you know the works =P. Sight read Jessica Winegart's piece while she was waiting for Freddy Wu...who came afterwards. Then I practiced my solo for a bit...and then left.  Bio....watched videos and did some homework.  English: Presentations.....bleh. I do mine next week =P  And then after school had to practice Niki's solo with her. That went pretty good...and then after that...well I got bored...didn't feel like busing...so went to Jason's house lol.  ....Yeah so I walked there with my l33t sense of direction and then arrived at his place around....yeah 330 or so. We walked down to Rogers Video then and rented some RPG game and also stopped by at A&P to end my craving for cheesebuns lol. I don't know why...yesterday @ A&P though...I saw cheesebuns and had a real craving for them. So I bought some today, since I didn't have a lunch today anyways and managed to munch on 3 of them before we got back to Jason's place.  Watched a episode of Friends *he has the season packs* and then started playing the game. Forgot what it's called...but it resembles Gauntlet a lot. Heh me and David played that for GC a lot so I got hooked on this game pretty quick lol. Resembles D2 more though...but pretty good I thought. Wish we had gotten NBA Ballers...but they didn't have copies *blast.* So afterwards Jason then ate two of my remaining 3 cheesebuns, and I had my final one on my way home when Dad picked me up around 6pm or so.  Then got home...and here I am now. Drummed, ate some food, ate some more food, chatted w/ Gerty, Maisie and Ju on MSN for a bit...and then...yeah....that's pretty much it. Gonna SC soon I think. I have no will to go to UCC tonight....beat tired.  Hehe cya.
     

    



       
       6/3/04 Enjoyin' short bloggin for a bit...   Gah...another day come and gone. Can't really write much today either...had to do SOO much crap today....but yeah basically the main highlight of today...civics class was kinda funny with our commercial filming, but most of all for today...  I got cut from LYS.  Least I think so....ugh I had horrible audition. I think Shaun might have done better than me even...oh well doubt either of us made it...we don't got private teachers and are tenor-clef illiterate. So yeah....now back to bio h/w.  Later.
     

    



       
       6/2/04 Quick blog again   Yeah...these last few days I've got lazy. Basically what happened today...  NO MORE TAXONOMY TEST! WHOO!  Just on exam *shweet!* Oh yeah...my solo's startin' to come together now, and yeah...tomorrow it's LYS audition...time to hear myself get ridiculed after auditioning for trombone =P.  N e who...I'm out for now. Later.
     

    



       
       6/1/04 YES! THE COUNTDOWN BEGINS!    Shweet....only....umm....8 MORE DAYS OF SCHOOL! WHOO!  That is all. Bye.
     

    



       
       7/31/04 July....gone....August....almost here.....   Hmm today wasn't that bad of a Saturday. Actually something pretty eventful occured...not for me...but for my church.  As usual, patience and prayer come through, and God once again shows His mighty hand working within our church.  I woke up this morning to some chatter going on downstairs. Dad apparently had Pastor Ming Wong over and Pastor Kwong over to discuss the merging of WLAC and LCAC over brunch. At first when I heard about this, I was thinking I'd never want that to happen. Then I thought more carefully about our current situation in our church, and maybe it wouldn't be so bad after all. I mean, it may seem like a crummy idea, I mean after HYPE got established and everything, but then again, you have to let go sometime I thought to myself. I mean in a matter of one more school year, Josh and Steph won't be around anymore, so change is unavoidable. Also who knows, maybe this merge could benefit all of us. All these years, I have been hoping for the Mandarin and Cantonese congregations to merge back together again, as it shows unity not only as Chinese, but also as Christians, and we all know God's presence is always strong in groups.  Well after the two pastors left, I then also cancelled my badminton plans as no one was going. So instead, for the afternoon, I went and ran some errands with dad, and in the process bought much needed badminton birds, and also FINALLY developed some photos from May Camp. Next time I'm going to be developing the 80+ photos compiled of new years, TC 2004, and other random pics haha. So yeah my whole afternoon was basically that, and then by the time my dad and I were done, it was already time to go to HYPE. So went home to pick up clothes for painting, picked up Lina and Jason *in the order mentioned* and then headed to church.  We had some prayer, then painted, then left....all in 2 hours =).  Here I am now home once again. Gave Carmen, Lina, and Jason a ride back to their places, and then here I am now. Yup.....HYPE was pretty quiet tonight, with only 8 of us. Half of us are camping out somewhere....er Chinese Camping *Rebecky's dad was going to bring a rice cooker to camping....SSSSSEEEEERRRRRRIOUSLY* and Stephie is still in HK. The twins are somewhere, Toronto I think, and yeah I don't know where the others are hehe.  Anyways that's my rant for today.  Later. 
     

    



       
       7/30/04 A new month is soon to roll in....   Today...yeah didn't do much. Basically sat around, worked out @ UCC, and then came home.  Yup....that pretty much sums it up.  Oh yeah I've come to like the book of James a hefty bit in the Bible now hehe.  Anyways I'm out.  Later. 
     

    



       
       7/29/04  Another day of wandering with Rebecky and Jason     Nice day today to wander around downtown and Masonville. Yeah I realize I did this on Monday, but yeah eventually after some last-minute descision-making *waking up and deciding* I then thought "alright I'll go." So I then got up, headed downstairs, ate a banana for breakfast, and then headed for the bus stop.    Getting to downtown a wee bit late *due to lateness of bus* I then met up with Rebecky and Jason and then we went to William's for lunch. Heh haven't been there since school ended, and I actually almost forgot how good that place can be. Anyways ate some food there, Rebecky tried Italian Soda, and then headed to a few stores in downtown. Rebecky managed to find a $130 purse from Adidas on our adventure. I actually saw a store with a pair of old school green adidas track pants, but expensive......REALLY expensive. So left that store, and then while heading to my bus stop, Rebecky introduced me to the CD store that is literally l33t....    The Madrigal.    THEY HAVE EVERY CD I CAN THINK OF....that's not contemporary, which means every GOOD CD. Duke Ellington, Chicago, even those Chinese piano prodigies that you always hear of but never hear them actually play....holy crap they are insane. Me and Rebecky then wonder why we can't piano like those crazy people. Anyways, I'll be back there again, next time with cash =).    So then we headed to Masonville. Walked around and looked at stuff. I'm horrible at DDR yet again, but at least they have DDR Extreme now =).    Anyways I'm gone. That was basically my day. It was a lot more fun though, as I know my describing is dull right now. I'm too lazy to elaborate, as food is waiting on the table for me....and food is good. So....in conclusion, yes today was funny, a lot of inside jokes between me Jason and Rebecky now hahahahahahaha.     "No Rebecky you need this book, Carmen needs this one." *points out another book*     I won't name the books, but Jason and Rebecky know what I'm talking about haha =P.    Anyways I'm out now....dinner heehee.    Later.  
     

    



       
       7/28/04  Lalala more tutoring....       That was the initial highlight of my day for today. Other than that, I sat around, played around with html for my new site that will be up eventually, and just SCed with some people.    Oh on a sidenote, I learned how to cook snowpeas =).    Anyways I'm out.    Bye.  
     

    



       
       7/27/04  "HEY LOOK JOE, I CAN AIRFLARE" *Calvin makes horrid attempt*     Heh yeah I couldn't really come up with a good title today, but I did remember today when Calvin went:     Calvin: Joe look I can do half an airflare  Joe: WHOA MAN....IF YOU DO TWO HALF AN AIR FLARES...THAT MAKES A WHOLE AIRFLARE!    That was one thing that happened today. Other stuff.....I'll write about in the following couple paragraphs....    So as usual, I sleep for most of the morning, and I wake up at 1230 today after finally somehow getting tired of sleeping. I read up some more PDL, and then headed downstairs for the meal that most people know as lunch.    By now it was already 130. Today consisted of leftover pizza from Pizza Pizza. Before that, and during the reheating of the pizza, I somehow managed to watch through some of the tennis US Open. It was Agassi and some other dude, and it was a close game. Basically I can watch any game that seems either clutch or evenly matched I think. So after watching a bit of tennis, I ate, and then SCed for a bit of the afternoon. First time I played an Alamo match in a long time, probably only the certain few know what I'm talking about, and then after some of that, Calvin came over, and we headed to UCC.    Today at UCC....I'm trying to get style back into my stuff.........my footwork I've noticed now is actually terrible. AND I MANAGED TO LINK 3 MILLS.....well sort of....they were ugly but at least I didn't stop this time. Then after some breaking, came home again....      Days can be so short when I wake up late....but yeah.....so came home, ate some dinner, then watched some TV.    I've actually never really noticed how the show South Park can be so politically/international issues...ly active. It was kind of funny, today's episode on the Comedy Network was one that focused on the child molesting issue a while back with the Catholic priests. I find it interesting how they can make the show still funny, yet at the same time show you the serious problems these international issues can bring up. So yeah, over the summer, I've come to tolerate watching the following on TV now:    -South Park  -CFL football  -Baseball (don't ask)  -Tennis    Oh yeah....and reality TV is still looming around on the screen, so yeah I can still catch some of that junk.....though I'm still not a big fan of much of it.    Anyways I think that's all the ranting I have for today.    Bye.  
     

    



       
       7/26/04  Another lazy blog for a lazy day...     Ok well today, since I feel lazy, this blog will be short.    In summary....    I woke up this morning at 1030, as Rebecky was supposed to call then, but she didn't call till 11, while I was on SC. So we planned, and eventually got Jason too, and we all agreed to go to Masonville.    So after mom was done talkin' to that insurance person at my house, and eating pizza, I got a lift to Masonville.    We bought stuff, I got a new pair of shorts, and then well eventually Rebecky left refusing to see "I,Robot" so in the end only me and Jason went to see that.    She missed out on a good movie. I won't ruin the movie though.    Then I got a lift home....    Watched some TV....    and here I am now done blogging.    Bye.  
     

    



       
       7/25/04    ZzzZzzZzzz     Such an entertaining day today. Well not really actually, but I still didn't mind today. Even though I spent most of the day napping, and just sitting around, it's sometimes good I think to just sit down and just reflect. Today was one of those quiet, reflecting days. So other than sleeping, I still went to church, and then came home, napped, and then afterwards just reflected, ate, then watched some TV. But yeah today I had some thoughts while reflecting/doing my devos that I guess I'll scribble.....er......type out....    Today I read Romans 8 for my devos. While reading it, especially when I read the final few verses, it just really hit me when it says that we are all heirs and co-heirs with Christ, as long as we are his children, and that is obtained through living by the spirit, and not by ourselves. Also in this passage, like much of the New Testament contains, is the constant reminder of the fact that the Holy Spirit is always with us. That is probably one of my most favourite parts of the Bible, the fact that God keeps reassuring you that no matter what, no matter how wrong things can go in this world, that He is always, as the Holy Spirit, in you. Reading this passage today also got me thinking about the serving masters thing that we learned about in HYPE a while back about how we can't serve both God and money. To me it kind of relates, since in the passage it also speaks of how we can't be pleasing in God's eye if we live by a sinful nature, and how we are Spiritually alive when we live by God's ways. So yeah....I guess today was one of those total linkage days in my mind ehehe....    But yeah, that was a lot of my thoughts jammed into one for today. I guess it also goes with the sermon about serving we had I think may have been last week. Definitely wasn't today, as he was speaking of being a "well-watered garden." But yeah, today though wasn't an amusing day, I still enjoyed it, as like I said, I don't mind having some days when I can just sit down in the quiet and think.    I'm not really going to blog about yesterday, as I'm too lazy too, so I'll just say Dave finally paid me back the 15 bucks he owed me from my bus ticket blackmarketing, well not really, and also the wedding reception dinner wasn't bad. So the trip to Toronto wasn't that bad.    And onto today.....    I woke up this morning at 830, got 5 hours of sleep in total last night, and quickly got ready for church. Ate a light meal as I was still sleepy, got dressed and stuff, and then headed out. Picked up Lina, and Jason at his place was still sleeping, so went to service without him this morning.    I had to to the slide shows, since I didn't exactly have them in pristine order, so I had to jump around a little bit with the presentation. Dave Butler led today, and our congregation was probably the largest in weeks.....with approx. maybe 20 of us hahaha. It's so quiet without the UWO students here....so basically just the HYPE kids and a few other people. As mentioned before our topic today was being a "well-watered garden," with the sermon focusing on Isaiah 58.    After the service, headed downstairs, and chatted abit before me and Rebecca helped out with Sunday School today. It was Carol Ma's last day at teaching today, as her family is moving out to Toronto, since Joseph got a job at York U. But yeah, she did do a lot for the CSS, she was probably the person that organized it to it's peak that it is at today, as back when me, Josh, and the others were in CSS it wasn't exactly the best time of our lives. But the kids seem to really enjoy having Carol as a teacher, and she did do a lot for the church, so I'm sure she'll be missed by many of the kids. Today coincedencially with the topic of my rambling before, their focus was on serving today. So the kids learned this through a lesson, and also then through two games. One with ice cream, where one fed the other, and the other they had to put on one another's shoes. Me and Rebecky had to scoop the ice cream, well more of I did the scooping ( Rebecca: "SPOON MY FACE JOE..."   hahaha jokes)  and then me and Rebecca frantically finding a way to put all the ice cream in the fridge without crushing them *we did twice* collasping our pyramid *multiple times,* so in the end we shoved it all in the freezer until the kids were ready. Eventually I'd have to volunteer to be a partner with one of the kids since they had odd numbers, so I partnered up with Andy. He wanted to win, so he sacrificed brain freeze for large gobs of ice cream being shoved in his face, we won that game =P. But for the shoe game, we lost haha. Then while they were cleaning up, me and Rebecky had a conversation on the whiteboard, but yeah.....anyways....hahahaha......yeah........that was pretty much my experience today in helping the CSS =P.    After church, came home, ate, then slept from 3-5.    I was then woken up at 5 from a doorbell. Since dad was downstairs watching TV and couldn't hear the doorbell, I had to grab the door *ugh....loss of sleeping run.* Gavin's dad was at the door and he came to pick up the tents from us, since they are borrowing them for next week when their family and Josh's go camping. So after giving him the tents, I went back to sleep, and then woke up at 7.    After waking up at 7, I did my devos then, and then headed downstairs to eat. Afterwards, chatted on MSN for a bit, ate, showered, milled about, and here I am now....again haha.    Think I'm gonna go watch TV now. Argh....summer's goin' by so quickly. To think that 4 weeks ago we planned the Wonderland trip that is to be next Saturday. Wow...in another 4 weeks, it'll be September....oh well.....enjoy the summer sun while it lasts =).    Anywho I'm out.    Later.  
     

    



       
       7/24/04  So.......tired.......     I'm not writing much tonight. I just got back to Toronto, it's almost 2am on Sunday morning, so yeah I'm just changing the time on my entry to make it still Saturday.    I may/may not elaborate tomorrow.    Bye. 
     

    



       
       7/23/04  H2H gaming=fun =P....BOKAN! from Sessioning....       Yup, those are the main highlights of my day. On a sidenote, Maisie today comes back from her camp thingy, which means....another blogger will return!....er.....Xanga....er. I wonder if she brought me back a rifle like she promised...    My day started off at 1130am this morning with me starting off my day drumming. After that, had some lunch and then called Colin. I walked to his place to catch the bus around 130ish then, and we managed to catch the 145 one. So then off we went to downtown to meet up with Jason and his friend, and John.    When we got there though, only saw Jason and his friend Darryl. John was nowhere in sight. So phoned him, apparently he wasn't awake, so he came down in a bit. Went to BK, got some food, then went back to H2H to start gaming.....    Fun times today. Even though I missed out on the first game of Wc3 *the comp b0rked,* I would come back and play it with them =P. After that game, and me playing SC4 by myself, we then went on to play Call of Duty, with me and Colin against them 3 and some other dude. Me and Colin owned them, they had no chance....and even though we were playing in a sniper level, after a while, it turned into a bloody battle royal-melee game, filled with machine gun blares and hand grenades. No skill required whatsoever =P.    After our dedicated server got cut off because some clumsy shmuck logged onto that comp, we then switched back to WC3. Er, TFT. Whatever you want to call it. The game turned out to be me, John, and Jason vs. Colin, Darryl and that same random dude. We owned them =P. In 30 minutes, the three J's leveled the map of its enemies....flat.    Then after some Quake, we left.    Got home, went to UCC, and here I am now. Argh I suck so much at breaking now...worse than before. At least I can sloppily consistently link 2 mills now hahaha, and I can almost rollback onto forearm, to handstand, and then begin hopping. So there is SOME improvement =P.    Anyways I'm gone for now.    Bye.  
     

    



       
       7/22/04  Another day of baddy and volunteering....     ...or vice versa. So that pretty much sums up my day, more volunteerin' and badminton.    Woke up at 1130 to get ready to volunteer. Got to Masonville around 12pmish or so.    So today I did the same thing as Tuesday. I counted books left out, counted people using computers, and added ticks for every person that came in and stuff. Today passed by a lot faster though, as I was trying to catapult myself out of the computer chair I was sitting on, and was also reading a HTML book to pass the time. The time passed by really slow from 1-2, since for some reason no one came to the library during that time. Things picked up after 2 though, with almost all the internet computers booked, and also some hick singing for the kids in the meeting room. So my shift ended at 3pm, and mom picked me up around 315ish. I took out the HTML book too, so I'll have something to refer to while designing my Tenmore page =). Also I have that Left Behind book to read still haha....so yeah I'm starting to use the library =P.    Got home around 330, and quickly grabbed a lot of cookies and began eating. Then sat on MSN for a bit, and then drummed for awhile. Afterwards, mom made dinner, and then I ate somethin' before heading to the UCC. I finally got my towel grip onto my baddy raquet, and it's actually pretty cool. It balanced out the weight more so it seems easier to move the raquet now. Bottom line, I like it haha. I also played another game of Hexic with Jenn, I think I won =P.    So I got to UCC around 630 or so. Josh and Lina were already there, but no sign of Gavin or Carmen. Not surprising, since Carmen is ALWAYS late and Gavin was getting a ride from her, so I thought no biggie they'll probably show up around 7 or so. Well in the end, after calling them, they showed up at 8, and then played until 9. So basically that was 5 bucks down the drain for each of them. Carmen not surprisingly didn't play that well, as it is basically her first time, so we taught her how to play a little bit, which kind of bombed since in the end we just played normally. I got a shot straight into her throat by accident hahaha, and then later on I'd hit Lina with the bird too. I know you don't have to tell me, I got super good aim =P. I would take the credit, but yeah accident for both haha. I was surprised too that I hit Carmen, I was using my left hand to play, and I'm horrible with it, since my right arm was getting kind of tired from playing so much baddy this week. I won most of my games today, and also there was this one girl who was playing with her dad that is REALLY good for her age *she's not even out of public school yet I think.* As Josh said, she's better than half the people in high school already. Anyways, got a lift from mom home, Lina also got a ride too.    Here I am now. Blogging. Just ate some more food, and yeah I'm probably going to read tonight, and then watch some late night shows maybe.    Later.  
     

    



       
       7/21/04  And the deal is sealed...!     Yup, after some talking, changes, ideas, suggestions, and stuff, WE GOT THE DEAL SEALED....    WLAC AND LCAC WILL BE HAVING AN EVENT!    We don't exactly know what yet, but it will be awesome I can already see that =P. The idea of two churches coming together to figure out something cool to bring in new believers, what could POSSIBLY go wrong =)? Nothing my point being, so HAH!    So my day started off with me getting up around 1130am or so, and then headed downstairs for breakfast. I had the ever so healthy sausage and egg McMuffin from McD's, two of them, and mmm they were good haha. Afterwards, I basically sat around for 30 minutes or so, and then had to head out to volunteer work at Cherryhill.    Tech tutored from 1-3 again. Still my Tech Tutor shirt has not came in yet, so I did work with only a volunteer tag. Yeah I know it sucks we don't even get real name tags, but oh well =P. Today didn't really do much, slow day. Answered two questions about the internet, and that's about where it ended. Josh came around 245 to wait, and also annoy me simultaneously. Meh didn't matter anyways. By the time my shift was almost over, 4 people were on Yahoo! games, and only two people were actually doing something. Anyways after my shift was done, mom came to pick Josh and I up to go to WLAC. I took out the 5th book of the Left Behind Series, which is called Appolyon or somethin', and then we made a sidestop at Angelo's for food.    I got an ice cap and Pizza. Josh got rice and perogies. Then mom bought a stock of cookies and some organic pear juice *shrug.* It's ok, but a bit too sweet. Anyways, after that stop, and eating a bit, we then went to WLAC and met Graham, their youth pastor.    He's much younger than our english pastor Dale, so yeah I guess it was easier to talk to him. Plus he knew someone that is part of Thousand Foot Krutch, which is COOL. So yeah, we discussed stuff, and eventually we came up with some ideas and then thought we should maybe get the two youth groups to meet one another before anything else happens. So eventually, we agreed on a meeting of the two groups, and also making a planning committee for the events that are to follow. Apparently the pastor's gettin' married *congratulations!* early November, so our first mini-coffeehouse can't be held until late November. Oh well, that's awhile down the road anyways, so we got time =P.    So after meeting and talking over our ideas, with some new ones thrown in, we then walked to my place, typed up an email and sent it to the HYPE counselors, then Josh's mom came and took him home. I then talked on MSN for a bit, beat Jenn in a game of hexic, and then grabbed a quick bite to eat.    Afterwards, went to the UCC for the first time in AGES to session.    Bottom line, I'm horrible now. So met Calvin there, no one else was there yet so we sessioned upstairs on our own for a bit. After about 30 minutes, we decided to migrate downstairs, but a fire alarm would change that. When Calvin we were about to go to basement, Calvin then stuck his foot out to play around with the door sensors, then a fire alarm went off. It was kinda funny since it looked like Calvin set it off, but I really doubt sticking your foot out to mock elevator sensors can trigger a fire alarm. So everyone had to evacuate, and then fire trucks and all came. We then saw FuFu, one of the members of CG there too, and after the whole commotion was over, we headed to basement to session. In the end there were 5 people sessioning tonight, and then I left with Calvin *he had a lift so I got one too* around 9pmish.    I'm here now, alive and well, and happy for today's turnout. We got something setup between WLAC and LCAC, I got to session again, and I can start reading a book now hahaha =).    OH and how could I forget! Pastor Kwong and Evelyn *his wife* have a new baby girl, Ingrid. So Samuel is now a big brother haha. Congratulations to them too =).    Later. 
     

    



       
       7/20/04  Short day....     Yeah I'm lazy again today, so short  blog for a short day.    Basically today for the whole afternoon I was at the library, surveying how many people use what at the library, and then cut stuff again.    Some good new for today though, I called Graham, the youth pastor at WLAC, and he seemed to like the idea of a coffeehouse between WLAC and LCAC. Him, Josh, and I are meeting tomorrow to discuss more into detail. Pray it goes well people =).    Then I came home, ate, SCed, and then now I go watch Conan O'Brien.    Bye.       
     

    



       
       7/19/04  Gaaah...Badminton horrible today....but King Arthur was good =)     Well you gain some you lose some, so yeah today I totally got owned in badminton. However, seeing King Arthur with Niki didn't go that bad.....so like I said you gain some you lose some =). Those were the two main highlights of my day, and the rest of the details follow:    Morning was really slow today. It was friggin' impossible to get out of bed this morning for some reason, but eventually I forced myself to wake up and head downstairs. There was supposed to be some insurance person coming to talk about....well insurance....but funny part was he spent 45 minutes looking for my house because he thought my house number was 181, though there is no 181 on my street haha....so yeah in the end my mom rescheduled for next Monday. Ugh breakfast..er more of brunch today was sandwiches. I haven't ate a sandwich in eons, and I remember why. Bread taste so bland after a while. I don't get how some people can actually manage to pack a sandwich for lunch everyday....I would actually die. So after washing down the bread with a lot of juice, I brushed my teeth and stuff, got changed, and then headed off to Masonville.    Beat Niki to the mall, so waited about 5 minutes before she arrived. It was he first time since school ended that I saw her, and it was nice to see she is still the same cheery person she has always been. Walked around the mall for a bit, and then headed into the theatre. I was my usual dumb self, so Niki led the way to the theatre since I didn't know where in the world I was going...    The movie wasn't that bad.....I guess. I probably would see it again, and it is DVD worthy, but there's something missing...... I still don't know what....but it needs something else added for it to be an ass-whooping movie. They probably have one of the poorest pickup lines ever to lead into a sex scene though, and that deducts probably 20 points, and also not enough blood......so that was also what I didn't like....they need more gore to match with Gladiator or Troy =P.    After the movie, while waiting with Niki for her parents, all of a sudden....    The twins pop out of nowhere.    It was weird, one minute I was talking to Niki the next I hear a "JOSEPH!" and then I see Mike and Dan. So then chatted with them too for a bit, Niki's parents came just a bit after the twins arrived. Originally I was going to leave for my bus stop, but eventually, laziness defeated me and took Mike and Dan's offer for a ride lol. They were headed that-a-way anyways, so meh...why not =P. Originally Niki offered a ride, but she lives on the other side of town, so thought it'd have been better off if I bused. Oh well....but laziness....yeah......you know how it comes and just puts you at gunpoint to be lazy.....so yeah......in the end I got a ride from Mike and Dan heh.    After getting home, SCed for a bit, and heard one of THE most bizarre stories ever. Apparently yesterday after I left an MSN convo with Josh and Jason, afterwards, they somehow had a war between High paid lawyers and Lucas Arts versus Dungeons & Dragons featuring Goku and the Fanboys, or vice versa. Both ways it was weird.....Josh had a one sided 21 dice or something, and then Jason said he was going to sue for cheating. Then Josh "burned" the evidence but then realized he had no dice to fight with now. ANYWAYS I am still just as confused/shocked about this story, and also this really puts stupidity to a new level, and concludes in my theory that LCAC has absolutely NO intelligent people in HYPE. Calvin's ran into a locked door, Josh and Jason had that REALLY strange story, I've proven many times that I have my super dry jokes, Brian thinks Terry Payton is a star Lakers player, and Gavin thought London had a subway system with every Mac's variety store as a subway stop. So yeah....we are now all officially dunce. Oh yeah and the twins.....have their new form of Chinglish haha. So yeah....I can now officially say LCAC has no smart population within the youth group of guys =P. The girls....they're slowly getting there....Carmen and Lina both have had their moments, and so has Rebecky tripping over a wooden pole. So yeah, stupidity is now at a new level, and I even told Josh and Jason that their right of calling me stupid, has just been taken away from them =P.    Anyways after some SC and that VERY weird story, I then went to play badminton....    Saw Steve Zhao there today, along with a Jane from Lucas who Lina says she owned, Lina, Gavin, and Josh.  Jason also came too, but he balled. So today in badminton, my record turned out to be something like 1-3, which really sucks as now my total record is something like...5-7....ugh. I don't know why I keep track, but meh something to do I guess =P. Lina was a lucky horseshoe for every game she played, with SO many fluke shots that I just stopped trying after a bit. Me and Gavin when we played her in doubles, geez she made 4 just barely over the net shots. While resting, we played with Steve's deck of cards, mostly Big Two. Then Gavin and Lina kept asking Jason to play badminton, where Gavin then stopped, then started poking and telling him to play baddy again, leading to my SHUPA stupid joke:     Gavin: Warning: Incoming badminton flood  Jason: Dude, you and Lina have been flooding me for baddy for the last 10 minutes.  Gavin: Uhh....ok...well then....MEGA BADMINTON FLOOD  Joe: Haha....badminton flood. Gavin, it'd be something like...."Badminton.....NNNNNYYYUHHHHHH!" *pretends to drown from a badminton "flood" ha.....ha.....*  Gavin: SMPGO!  Joe: BOLL!  Jason: (after seeing it ) LOL!     So yeah, you probably have to see it to see what we are talking about, but yeah Gavin and Jason probably still know what I'm talking about. Also Jane then pointed out I talk a lot...who hasn't =P.    Then afterwards, when me and Gavin were playing again against Josh and Lina in a game of doubles, we came up with a new strategy....MAKE THE OTHERS LAUGH SO THEY CAN'T CONCENTRATE:     Joe: Alright Gavin time to put on our game face  Gavin: GAME FACE *two thumbs up and makes a very big smile*  *Joe and Gavin start to SMPGO and lose total concentration*           So our plan failed, but point is, we tried =P. Eventually we got owned due to horrid luck, and also like I said, we lost concentration and Josh and Lina just looked at us as though we were tards. We eventually lost really bad, but that's besides the point it was funny at the time.    Eventually badminton did end, and then walked home with Lina.    Now I'm here....blogging...and chatting. I think I'm going to go watch Leno maybe.    Later.  
     

    



       
       7/18/04  An average Sunday...     Not much happened today, and after yesterday's post, I'm a little bit lazy, so here's a summary    -woke up  -was late for worship practice (Carmen was apparently the first one there today)  -English service (studied Jeremiah today)  -Bible study (studied Daniel 6, the famous lion den story)  -Home  -Not much since (some SC, chatting, usual stuff)    Yup....that pretty much sums it up. Now Shoo.    Oh wait, actually before shooing, here are some quotes I leave you with....    Gavin: "YOU SMELL SO BAD YOU MADE SPEED STICK SLOW DOWN!"  Dan: "YOU SMELL SO BAD YOU MADE RIGHT GUARD TURN LEFT!"    OOOOOOOH SIU. Anyways I'm out.    Later. 
     

    



       
       7/17/04  Another HYPE sleepover come and gone...     Ahh yes, so now back home from HYPE sleepover, and after a 3 hour nap, and Wendy and her family coming over for a bit, I am FINALLY firin' up my blog entry covering July 16-17. As usual, use your search feature to find the date by format of mm/dd/yy  (7/17/04 for example)  and start readin' =).     7/16/04  Last minute shopping for sleepover and day 1     Friday, since it was a long ways back, is somewhat vague, but I'll still try my best to recall as much as possible.    Ok, so my day started off at a healthy 1100am. After waking up, I preceded downstairs to eat my breakfast which was McD's since mom didn't want to cook today. So after eating, I headed downstairs, and chatted on MSN for a bit and also had to print off a few things for the sleepover. Afterwards, while packing, I then remembered:     Crap, I have quite a horrible memory. I need a checklist usually.     So then, I quickly called Rebecky, and then me and her talked on the phone for awhile while I was packing, and she was listing stuff off also for me. During this time, I was also talking to Joy and Gerts on MSN, well more of listening since I was already doing two things at once, almost 3 as I also had to keep track of what I had/had not printed off. Er, four, I also had to keep updated on the church key crisis, as we had no way into the church at the moment. That is, until Gavin pulled through and got his hands on a key. So crisis solved =P. But back to the MSN convos that I had while packing...Yeah, Gerts and Joy are awesome people, they have the most random convos.....well to me at least. I'm sitting there trying to keep up while there is a lot of LOL's and hahahaha's and of course SMPGO's, but yeah it was funny talkin' to them. Gerty then made me have a craving for a watermelon popsicle after she announced:     I have a grape popsicle.     So after that, I got hungry, but I had to go to Loblaws to buy the food for sleepover still, and then get to church by 4 to practice the worship part of the sleepover/Sunday Worship.    Shopping at Loblaws. Not much to say really, how exciting can it be? Exactly, not very. So bought the stuff we needed, and then headed to the church.    I was a weeeee bit late, but that's ok, as Carmen was still the last one to run through the finish line =P. Gavin and Josh were upstairs waiting, and since they were pretty much set, I asked them to help unload the food that will be needed for the next two days. I myself also did some of the unloading, including the stuff I need to sleep. After all the unloading, Carmen then arrived, and we all then began to practice for Sunday Worship.    That went by fairly well, and in around an hour and a half we were done. For dinner, I ordered Pizza and then Rebecky and Wendy arrived. Calvin also arrived too, and sat there watching us practice for a bit. So after we finished doing practice for Sunday Worship, Josh, Gavin, and I then got ready to do the HYPE worship session.    So the worship session went well. It lasted around 50 minutes, which was close to the proposed hour. It went well, not many mistakes, except Gavin still needs to remember that 3/4 time strumming is DIFFERENT from 4/4. But other than that, all went well, and we actually sounded really good I thought. But yeah, afterwards, after some clearing up and cleaning, we then headed downstairs for our Bible study.    Today Pastor Mackness continued with our studies on Proverbs, but looked more into Ecclesiastes. The book is actually very hard to understand, as it is really vague, and everything seems to be looping. However, in the end it all comes together, and the message of the book is to forewarn you about falling for earthly things too much, so it did all tie in together. I still wish that some of us could pay attention just a WEE bit more during studies. There are still those few who seem to just idle there and daze away.    After the study....and some snacks....came the infamous game of.....     GORGON.....*DUN DUN DUN*     Yeah so we played that for a while then *until 1am or so.* For the first game, Jason was the gorgon, which was a fairly decent length of time game. I got caught somewhat early, as Calvin was in my way when I was trying to run into the safe zone, so yeah, I got caught. It seems as though my forewarning statement of "MOVE!" didn't mean a thing, so yeah I got caught. In the end Jason won, and yeah, we lost miserably lol. It was funny with some of the things that happened. Plus the dark also adds a big factor as you can't see who the heck is running at you until you either hear him or you can actually see the person instead of a black silhouette. Calvin managed to run into a locked door, while Gavin ran himself into a dead end and got owned.    Second game Andy *one of the newer kids* was the Gorgon. This time, Jeffany *the other new comer* was one of the first to get caught, while me, Gavin and Jason lasted a decent amount of time *actually the other two lasted through the whole thing* but the emphasis is put on this. Our secret weapon, The Pillow *actual pillows* worked really well as working as inatimate obstacles and body shields. And since natural reflex is to catch something, throwing the pillow at Andy worked really well. Eventually I got caught though as he just caught me as I was running into the door, so yeah I got out. Calvin and Jason though managed to hold out through the game and find all the parts of the battery and then.....    Gorgon hunting.    We let Andy go hide since he didn't know the game was over so we gave him a 30 second getaway. Afterwards, me, Gavin, Jason, and Calvin went off on an expedition to find Andy. In the end, we FINALLY managed to find him, after almost an hour of searching, and we had walked right by him over 20 times and never saw him. In the end, he started to mock us with noises that we were FINALLY able to find him. We literally looked everywhere, and we all felt like a bunch of dumbasses when we found him at the end.    Wendy and Jeffany were the final two Gorgons. Well they counted as "one" quoted from Wendy, as they run slower. But it doesn't really matter since you know the dark and everything, we can't run that fast up stairs anyways. This game was fairly short, as eventually it kind of died out, and yeah, we switched to card games and stuff until 2am or so.    Oh yeah, also me and Calvin started a new trend for those who were caught out during Gorgon...    Fly hunting.    Yeah since we had nothing better to do while waiting for the next game, we began catching flies and putting them in some old cookie container from Loblaws. We managed to catch a grand total of 6, with one kind of split in half =S courtesy of me. One of the flies unfortunately moved a bit too slow or too fast, and when that cup came down to catch it, it got caught right on the edge. All of us were sickened by that, but it was another bounty caught. Me, Josh, and Calvin each caught a decent 3-4, for a grand total of 6. I say this because after catching sometimes, they kinda managed to fly off, so we caught them again =P. After the trend was over, Ken had arrived from Toronto, and brought FOOD! He had to host a VBS thing back at his home church at his place or sometin', so yeah he started drivin' late, and managed to arrive. I was surprised at the phenomenal timing he had.    Uno was the trend for many of the girls and guys, while Big 2 was the other, along with this other card game that used the Uno cards. After a lot of laughs and card games, we all split our ways *guys into one room and girls into the other* and then tucked into bed....    or a LONG game of Risk and the girls I don't know what they did.    Basically in the game of Risk, I self sacrificed and weakened out Gavin, which then led to Andy and Jason to be supreme rulers. Me, Calvin, and Gavin were all kind of weakened *me and Gavin had a huge clash* and Calvin idled. Josh on the other hand was having a merry time making stupid stories with the Risk men that were actually hilarious.    "WOULD YOU LIKE TO MAKE A PURCHASE!?!?!?!?!?!?!?"  "I have no money."  "WHAT KIND OF BLACK MARKET TRADER ARE YOU!?"  "Broke."  "BREAK HIM! *JIU JIU JIU BANG BANG BANG!*"    And yeah that was one story, the other....    "Perimeter we must form around Jedi."    But yeah, anyways, I'll let Josh unravel those stories. But yeah eventually the Risk game ended with Jason basically victorious, and it was already 530am by then. A few of the guys went out to steal the girls' shoes, and I suggested they put them in the oven, but eventually they tied them to some pipes running overhead in the kitchen. So we just kind of chatted around until 6am, jumped Gavin when he was having a RAVE PARTY! and kind of eventually drifted off to sleep......     7/17/04  So.....tired....but.....worth...it     Yeah so after 4 hours of sleep, I finally got up at 10am, realizing I was an hour late for making breakfast. Apparently Ken and Rebecky were up already, along with Wendy, so yeah they had started already. Pastor D had to leave early for a wedding, so yeah, unfortunately he couldn't stay to eat. Making breakfast was fun, and somewhat gross, but all tied in together with laughs. Rebecca had broken two dozen eggs into one bowl, and Ken, thinking it'd be a good idea, dumped all the eggs in the frying pan AFTER frying bacon *the pan had dirty bacon grease in it* and started stirring the vat of eggs, with some of it burning at the bottom. Jason and I were kind of thinking "uhh, that's not right at all" while Ken kept reassuring "GUYS RELAX, IT'S JUST BACON GREASE. SEE THE EGGS SOLIDIFYING." The egg eventually turned out to be somewhat of a tannish colour, but it actually wasn't that bad. Bacon flavoured eggs in fact is pretty cool haha. The bacon turned out real nice though, as did the cereal...for obvious reasons =P. The toast was good on one side, but the other side wasn't even cooked lol, as I tried being like my dad and mass toasting them in the oven. The place reeked a horrid stench though, and I discovered that apparently the garbage can was beginning to get infested with none other than maggots. But yeah, we left that be for a bit *till after we ate* and dug in to the grub *ha...ha.....ha...........play on words........ha.........*    After breakfast, cleaned up, and did second session of worship. Went fairly well also.    And then came the Bible study led by me and Josh. Unfortunately, since we only had 4 hours of sleep, as with the others, we couldn't really stay focused really well, and the others, yeah it wasn't pretty. However I think Josh and I got the point through, and that was the Benefits of Wisdom in life. We spoke a lot about reputation and representation, and how important it really is. See, since we were made in the image of God, and God is perfect, then we must strive to live to be as close to perfect as we can get. Good reputation is one thing we revolved around alot, and we came to conclude that good reputation is useless, unless you use it to its maximum potential. Spreading the gospel can be much easier with a good reputation, as people tend to listen to you more. Good reputation is also one of the characteristics of a wise person, and it is true that many listen to the wise. Josh and I did a fairly decent job I thought in leading this *with MUCH help from Wendy and Ken; for me more thanks to Wendy as she REALLY helped me get through the study easier haha =).* Well eventually the study did end, with Josh getting a few more apologetics down also as a bonus =).    Afterwards, we just played some more Risk, chilled, and then went home after a wee bit of baddy also.    Once I got home....SLEEP!    *3 hours later*    When I awoke, at 8, all I heard was my mom talking to Wendy's family. That's when I realized crap no one woke me up for BBQ with their family. So I quickly showered, changed, and went downstairs to say hi to them. Apparently Wendy had been there for three hours already *whoops =P* so yeah, she was kind of bored. Eventually we both ended up chit chatting and watching Rat Race and WB Superstar before she had to leave. Her family brought cake also, so ate a bit of that, also dad's BBQ, and then back on MSN chattin' with many a people =).    Anyways it's gettin' late now, and I gotta head to sleep...so........    Later. This post is DONE. 
     

    



       
        7/14/04    200th post! JAAAM SESSSSSSION!!!!     So yeah, today Gavin, Josh, and I had our first jam session in ages, and wow was it cool. I almost forgot what it's like to have a bass, guitar, and drums all going at it just praising God's name, and also addin' a bit of fun haha. Solos that don't even fit in, and just messing up and laughing at our own mistakes, yeah good times haha. Even though earlier in the day it was a wee bit boring, all that changed after 5pm or so. But yeah, so I'll start from the top then...    This morning I woke up at the usual 1130, and made a few phone calls to start the day. Josh and Gavin finally arranged everything to get to my place, and then made plans for next Friday to go to Head 2 Head.    After all the deen wa congee, I did my devos. I decided to read the "Give me Oil in my Lamp" booklet that I got from TC again just to read over some of the different ways of doin' devos, and still in the end did it the Lectio Divina style. So to day I read 1 John 3, which was about how to be at peace with one another in this world. It also spoke of God's command to follow his Son, and also just to love one another, and how He lives in us when we obey his commands. It's pretty cool how the Bibles interweaves. I never really noticed it until Theresa said it during Bible Study last Sunday, but it actually is so true =).    Afterwards, for the afternoon, I sat around for a long time. Originally I was plannin' to go out to downtown, but since Gavin and Josh said they would be here by 4, I decided to wait instead. Well, after talking to Jenn, Vikki, Rebecky, and a host of other people until 4, I was wondering where they were. FINALLY I decided to call Josh and he told me Gavin was supposed to tell me they wouldn't be here till 540. So yeah....I spent the whole afternoon moping, which sucked. Well in the mopage I was able to trombone for a bit, and also fiddle around with photoshop. So yeah I made this one pic of Gavin being squished by my moose, entitled "MOOSH-ZILLA!" It sent a lot of people BOLLing *hahaha Joy* and SMPGOing. Also of course it takes my stupidity to a whole new level, something that EVERYONE wants =P.    Chatting on MSN led to me and Jenn discussing the usage of the word "biter" and "biting" as in yoinking, as you can't really bite email....nor chopsticks. It's kind of like the explained one at UCC when Steve or Sergei was explaining how you can't exactly bite windmills or airflares. Also many of them got to see my amazing photoshop skills of the feared "MOOSH-ZILLA!" and oh yeah also this:     Joe: Hmm I need an idea for another photoshop project. I KNOW I'LL MAKE A POOR MUFFIN! LITERALLY!  Rebecca: Hahaha....  Joe: LOL hahahhah BRILLIANT!     That's the convo shortened a lot, as at one point I almost had to replace the muffin with a cupcake as they are easier to make. After I sent Joy the picture of the moose, she then started talking about whacky photos of herself too. Yeah so we talked about the immaturity of people like us for a while then, until she had to leave. Oh yeah, she has Fresh hat which is cool too =P.    Well after watching some Friends, and the Simpsons, Gavin and Josh FINALLY arrived. So first off we ate dinner, and then started off choosing songs with a word of prayer then began the song choosing.    Yeah during the song choosing, there were a lot of jokes including the long one about Chris Tan and his old-school music:     Joe: Hey for jokes, first day when UWO kids come back, let's play "Trading my Sorrows"  Gavin: Hahaha, yeah and then Chris would go on crazy...it'd be something like  *imitates blood vessel expanding* *Camera Zooms in*  AAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHH! "You're making me angry....."  Joe: "You're making me angry.......SEI LEANG JAI!"  Joe Josh and Gavin: SMPGO!!!!!!  Gavin: *imitating Chris* "I'LL SHOW YOU HOW TO PLAY WORSHIP MUSIC!" *imitates piano*  Josh: NO FINGERS TOO FAT!!!! AAAAAAAH *imitates throwing of piano into congregation  Joe Josh and Gavin: SMPGO SMPGO "Lmsao" HAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHHAHAHA HAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHA!     And from that we were able to make ourselves laugh for almost a full 5 minutes. Eventually we were all able to calm down, and then Josh starts looking through music again:     Josh: Ok, we could have maybe "Majesty, Always...."  Joe: LOL MAJESTY ALWAYS...IT SOUNDS LIKE MAJESTA ALWAYS HAHAHAHAHA!     And then I start to SMPGO for a bit, and yeah eventually I did stop, and then another stupid joke came up:     Gavin: Joe stop playing with your stuffed squirrel  Joe: It's not a squirrel....IT'S A MOOSE!  Gavin: Joe that thing is clearly a squirrel  Joe: NOT IF I STICK ANTLERS INTO IT! *pretends to make the squirrel go limp*         That made me and Gavin crack up for a bit, and then FINALLY we got everything done and we then find Josh looking for "One Desire" and then see him looking at some pink webpage.     Gavin and Joe: Uhh....Josh? WTG?  Josh: What? I was looking for "One Desire" and one of the pages was this  Joe: WAIT IT'S A BLOG LET'S LOOK!     Oh yeah, then AFTER that, we then began to jam.    Jamming was fun. Despite the little blips and mistakes there were, all in all good fun, and adds to the ringing in all of our ears. Aah the sound of music, er of us going deaf. It was awesome though, I almost forgot how cool having live guitar and bass sounds with drums...I've been playing to CD's too much haha. But yeah all in good times.    Then afterwards, we waited for Josh's and Gavin's parents to come pick 'em up. That was when Gavin started dying of lactose, and Josh and Gavin explained to me their comic idea of "LIMSOW!" but yeah that's for another day...whenever Josh gets the comic up and running. For now, we have Nuklear Power and MegaTokyo to entertain us all =P.    Anyways I'm out for now. Debating with Jenn what the score is.    Cya!            
     

    



       
       7/14/04 TECH TUTORED! Dinner @ Jesse's was awesome too...   All in all, a good day today, starting off with a morning of relaxing, then an afternoon of volunteering, then some catching up with my old fellowship counselor Jesse Wong, yeah today was a good day I must say.  Before my entry really gets underway, I'd like to say a big thank you to Jesse Wong for letting me, Gavin and Josh raid his house for the evening for a time of jamming, Speed Scrabble, and just catching up, and of course the pizza =P. I know, with experience, that having all of us over is not an easy task  *seeing Jason, Josh, and Gavin emptied my fridge last time* and I'd like to thank him for enduring through the 4 hours that we were chillin' at his place. It was cool to catch up with one another, and just to pull out the old memories and thewhat's been going on with HYPE, what's been goin' on in our lives, and of course the crazy adventures that Jesse always has in store to talk about haha. So yeah, thanks a lot man new about  =).  So my day started off this morning at 11am, waking up from a refreshing 9 hours of sleep. Waking up, I ate lunch first, sat on MSN for a bit, and then headed out to Cherryhill to do my Tech Tutor volunteer at Cherryhill.  So from 1-3pm I would work at Cherryhill. During the first hour, I was literally BORED out of my mind, the only thing probably keeping me occupied was the 3rd book of the Left Behind series which I read snippets of, and also the local papers. Eventually though things started picking up at around 2pm, when an older man asked me if I was a volunteer. So I replied yes I was, and then another person asked me something regarding hotmail, which I solved fairly easily. Eventually I would go on to answer around 7-10 questions in the next hour, which did help the hour go by a lot quicker. Also I'd begin to talk with this 9er about Orchard Park since he apparently graduated from there this year. I actually never really noticed how many people use the computers at the library. So in the end, I did do some work which I'm actually thankful for or else I would have been bored out of my mind, and left my two hour shift at 3pm happy =).  Walking home, I got home around 330, and then ate some food, and then SCed with Gavin until 530 when I had to leave for Jesse's place.  Finding his place would have been much easier if I had put down 283 instead of 238 Windemere Rd. I was lucky he wrote down Beaver Hall or I would have NEVER found the place. So lucky he did, and eventually I did figure out where his place was, as Josh and I would find each other looking for his place and then we would then find it. We were the first two there, and had the honour of meeting Jesse's roomate Mark who also grabbed some Pizza, and also met a fellow dentistry pal Ada *I think I got the name right.* Wait....did she do dentistry even? Uh oh....yeah....whoops haha. But she left early anyways, so when she left, Gavin had arrived. He was late as some driver's car went "dead fire" on an intersection which got Gavin's mom really peeved. So he got to Jesse's a bit late, but no worries, we still had time to talk and everything. It was pretty cool catching up with each other. Mark was a med student so talked to him a lot, Josh and I told them about our high school days, and Jesse had one REALLY cool piece of news...   MIKE LIM IS COMIN' BACK FOR MED SCHOOL!   So yeah that's an awesome thing. Also Jesse has TOTALLY upped his guitar equipment. He has a SHWEET Yorkville amp now *which would later turn Josh's acoustic into a bass* and a Wam-Wam pedal. SOOOOOO NICE. Me and Gavin would look at that thing in awe, as it is a Wam-Wam pedal. So after chillin' in Jesse's room for a bit, pizza came, and we all dug in. Mark also joined us, and we eventually would spend an hour and a half talking about sports while we were eating haha. Also me and Gavin would show off our extremely lame sense of humour that we use sometimes, and we responded with the *ehems* and *looks around pretending nothing just happened.* Afterwards we had a few rounds of Speed Scrabble *I came in 3rd or 4th overall,* and I saw the lowest Scrabble score of all time.  Gavin managed to score a 15.  He had a nice set of words, but problem was he never used his X's, Z's, K's and stuff, so eventually he got deducted down to a total of 17. So next game he had a word worth 36 alone and Jesse exclaims:  "Gavin, you just beat your last score with just that one word. GOOD JOB!"  So after that, we then decided to have a mini jam-session before we left. So there were them with their 3 guitars, Josh using Jesse's amp to imitate a bass, and me...  with a cardboard box for a bass drum and a tupperware for a snare. Cymbals and toms were beyond our reach.  So we jammed around for a bit, me wishing I had at least a hi-hat, and before we knew it 10pm had come around the corner, and was time for us to go. But yeah, tonight was good times. Only thing we were missing was a drumset, and more time haha. Like I said before, I thank Jesse for toleratin' with kids like us for 4 hours at his place, and also I would also like to thank God for just keeping us in touch with one another still. That I didn't mention before =P.  Well anyways I'm back home now. Unforunately Calvin missed tonight, but there will be other times. So yeah today will be remembered for awhile. Josh took some pics, hopefully he'll post 'em up soon ehehe.  Anyways I'm out for now. Gotta get sleep for tomorrow. Josh and Gavin are coming over for worship practice for Friday, and on Friday us and Carmen are going to be doing worship practice for Saturday. Maybe I'll be able to fit in some time to work out tomorrow.  Anyways that's another day. Me as an average shmoe I got enough to think about for one day haha.  Later.
     

    



       
       7/13/04 Yay! Webcam!....I stub my toe....LIVE now =P   Yup, I don't see what's so amusing about a webcam, other than the fact that you can see yourself stub your toe, eat carrots, and make others watch you as you stub your toe, eat your carrots, and run around the house looking for more carrot dip, scream in agony after stubbing your toe on your subwoofer, and attempt to use camera flash on the webcam. So yeah...that's my evening from 9-10....as for the rest of my day...  My day started in the morning, ate, TV, and then headed to UCC to do Bible study with Wendy and Josh. After that for 45 minutes, I then bought a 6 pack of donuts and then ate 4/6. Josh stole the other two. Then afterwards I worked out, balled with Jason, and came home.  Yeah and right now I'm still trying to fix my camera so it actually works....well. Other than that, meh....probably going to sleep soon. I'm dead tired.  Later.
     

    



       
       7/12/04 Badminton Summer Record: 3-4   Also...  Happy 15th Birthday Calvin. Now onto business....  YES I'M ON THE BOARDS NOW! Today after 4 hours of badmintoning at the UCC, I finally can post some wins in my record =). So yeah today mostly consisted of badminton for the evening, SCing in the afternoon, and some PS2 when Gavin came over. So all in all, not a bad day =P.  The day of course started in the morning around 11 or so. A phone call woke me up, though mom picked it up so I just went downstairs and started drumming. Due to poor coordination though, I decided to stop and SC with Gavin and Josh for a bit. Afterwards, more drumming, ate, Gavin then came over, played some REALLY rigged games of NFL Street *he managed to beat me 3/4 times* then Badminton.  I'm to lazy to expand on those subjects, So I leave you with that. And this...  "How much sword could a swordchuck chuck if a swordchuck could chuck swords?" - Fighter from Nuklear Power.  Later.  
     

    



       
       7/11/04 "Uhh....how can you do a lay-up and dunk at the same time?"   New quote of the day I think. Actually I didn't have one until Calvin made that remark playing NBA Street. Yeah today was pretty cool, after church had Gavin and Calvin over for BBQ, and then Jason came too for some ball at the park and then an afternoon of PS2 and then topped off with Pizza dinner and of course just the jokes and stupid things we made up during the time they were over today. Good times though, haha like usual eventually we all got bored and just kinda sat in front of the TV.  My day started off at the usual 830am today, jumping out of bed, get dressed, eat, bathroom, and then off I went to church. Only had to pick up Lina today since Jason had just got back from Montreal, so he was a bit tired. Got to church around 910ish or so, and Theresa was in place for Thomas for teaching us during Bible Study today. So we did a study on Daniel 5 today, which spoke of Belshezzar's ignorance of God, and eventually dying for it. He was warned before, as he witnessed Nebuchadnezzar's exile, but he still didn't care, and long story short, God literally "pwned" him =P. Darius of the Medes then took over half of Babylon, and some other country took over the other half. Yup, one thing that I've always enjoyed about the Bible are the stories about the ancient battles and stuff. Just picturing it in my mind like a mental version of "Troy" or "Gladiator..." ahh yes it really does bring stories to life. So we did a study on the fall of Belshazzar basically today *the hand writing on the wall happened in this chapter also* and then up to service we went.  Sermon today I read the scripture for, and was preached by Pastor Ming Wong since Pastor Kwong was out and so was Mackness. He spoke a good sermon though. It was a good reminder of how we should be living our lives according to God, and not according to us. He reminded us of how we should ask God what our purpose here on earth is, instead of trying to figure it out on our own. We should be consulting God on whatever problems we have, and not trying to solve it ourselves. And most of all, we should be asking God to lead us through life, as walking aimlessly on our own is like walking with no purpose.  After the service, Calvin and Gavin came to my place for some BBQ.  Had some Ju-Pah, and I tried some BBQ fish that my dad made which wasn't bad, and then Jason came over also. So we played some PS2, chilled, and we even managed to fit in an hour of ball in the scorching 30 degree weather today *I mean celsius not fahrenheit.* And as mentioned before jokes jokes and more jokes haha.  Example. Since it waas 30 degrees, we got pretty tired from balling, but in a last effort ditch to play, we decided to finish off our ballin' with a game of "American 5." Yeah....that was one thing that happened today that was seeing us at our most retarded stage. NBA street was actually pretty funny also, especially when Calvin forgets everything we tell him 2 minutes later. He reminds me of Fighter from  urlLink Nuklear Power . Good times though still haha. All of us had our share of stupidity. Calvin had to leave at 6pm, but Gavin and Jason stayed until about 830-9ish. Jason left a bit earlier, so that is why I have a time span.  On the PS2 today, I almost forgot to mention, some of the most b/s stuff happened. NFL Street Calvin manages to make a last dying pitch to a fellow player to score a touchdown *it was a b/s pitch,* Gavin SOMEHOW made a defensive conversion, and in NBA Street I don't see how Jason ACCIDENTALLY scored with NELLY from  BEYOND HALF COURT. *  So yeah even though no jamming happened today, we still had chillin' times.  On a side note of goodnews, Rebecca is back from Winnepeg, and Jason as you have realized is back from Montreal.  As I think now still, so many jokes were made today or talked about. The Grill shirt that Jason saw in Monreal *a Nike shirt that actually had a grill on it and said "all up in your grill" or Gavin's woman shot in ball haha. There was also the joke about American 21, and whole bunch of other stuff.  And to leave you people with some famous quotes made today:  Calvin...  "What's a dunk to a layup?" "Uhh, how do you do a layup and a slam dunk at the same time?" "Pump fake? What's that?"  Joe...  "Hey you know how we have SMPGO instead of LMAO? Well for "lmfao" we could have SMCHPGO! SIUING MY CHO HAO PEI GOO OFF!" "COME ON BRING IT AMERICAN 21 IT YOU HOES!" "Haha Wein almost spells Weiner..."  Jason...  *He made a half court shot with Nelly in NBA Street, so that says enough...OH YEAH I REMEMBER SOMETHIN'...* "Calvin, you can dunk and lay-up at the same time FOR SURE. All you have to do is dunk it, and then quickly catch the ball and throw it again before landing...got it?"  Gavin...  *Cracks up from the American 21 hoe comment* "GUY I CAN'T DUNK IT WON'T LET ME!" "OWNED! OOOOOH SIU!"   Bah I'm runnin' outta ideas. Gonna head to sleep I think haha.  Later.
     

    



       
       7/10/04 Grandma's 74 now...   Yes my grandma is now 74 years old. Unfortunately, since she wasn't feeling well, my family didn't go to Toronto today, and instead I'm going to some wedding on the 24th. Meh, Toronto's Toronto, so I REALLY don't mind for what occasion I'm out in the T-dot for. So yeah...spent most of the day at home.  Today didn't TOTALLY go to waste though. First thing in the morning my family had a Saturday Brunch BBQ of some sort, with me and my dad making waffles for dessert. It was my first time doing that, so yeah I know how to make waffles now =). Even though it wasn't exactly AMAZING tasting, meh, first time so give me a break =P. I'll make them better next time hopefully...  Afterwards my parents went out shopping at Bellemere, and I drummed for the next hour and a half. Afterwards sat on MSN, then drummed for another hour. I've actually improved with fills and stuff now, as before I always choked whenever the pattern ended with my right hand. I'm beginning to smoothen things out though, and the new layout for my kit I find it is a lot easier. Having the ride cymbal on the right side instead of the middle is MUCH better. Oh yeah, and I REALLY need new drumheads, I'm going to be breaking my other tom any day now. So whenever I find 100 bucks to spare, I'm just going to refit my whole kit.  Anyways afterwards, parents came back, then went to Tai Hu for dinner tonight. Wasn't that bad I guess, I haven't been to the place in ages.  Afterwards we came home *obviously.* I decided to read PDL and the Bible for a bit. Read Matthew 18, about how to treat fellow Christians, and why we should be solving problems with our fellow Christians if a problem arises rather than shoveling more coal into the fire. It also reminded me of how God's presence is always with us in verse 20. I'm onto Purpose 3 in PDL now I think, er the small version of PDL, which is almost like a small version of a Bible haha.  That basically wraps up my day. Just chattin' right now and eating blueberries and strawberries. Veggies and Fruits have come to be compy snacks, and tea is the official drink of Joe when he is being a geek on the computer.  Anyways I'm out for tonight. Gavin and Josh are comin' over to jam after church tomorrow, so yeah no afternoon nap haha.  Later.
     

    



       
       7/9/04 Slow moving Friday..   Meh, bit on the slow side but oh well, here it is anyways:  I awoke this morning at 11am today. The sun shining into my room forced me awake as I couldn't sleep with so much light flooding into my room. So I woke up, and began doing my devos. Today I read about "the seven biblical steps of restoring fellowship." I won't say much about them, but I will tell you what they are:   1. Talk to God before talking to the person 2. Always take the initiative 3. Sympathize with their feelings 4. Confess your part of the conflict 5. Attack the problem, not the person 6. Cooperate as much as possible 7. Focus on reconciliation, not resolution   So I sat there and reflected for 30 minutes or so, and during that time also read some passages from the Bible *mostly expanding on the given verses for each step* and also just trying to figure out what each one meant. At first I didn't really understand 7, but I think I do now. Anyways, after doing my devos in the morning, I then headed downstairs to watch some TV.  Due to the cruminess of afternoon TV programming, I then ate lunch, and then drummed for an hour. Afterewards, it was already 330, and I called Marcello to see when he wanted to go to UCC. Eventually we set a time for 430, so I kind of just moped around for an hour. No wait, no I didn't. For some reason I re-installed SimCity 3000 *though there is SC 4 already* and played that for a while. I don't know why...but point is afterwards @ 430 mom gave me and Marcello a lift to UCC.  Worked out for two hours, then walked home talking to Marcello also.  Came back, played some more SC3000 *it's addictive* and then ate dinner. Now blogging, I am also chatting on MSN, and drinking Orange Juice *yum.* I wonder when WLAC will reply to my e-mail, or when the HYPE dudes will reply about my suggestion of a men's prayer group.  Anyways I'm out for now. Toronto got cancelled for tomorrow, so I don't know WHAT I'm going to do. Tomorrow's grandma's birthday though, so my family's headin' out for dinner anyways. Argh...BUT TORONTO! BOO HOOO ='(. I'll also be missing HYPE tomorrow for dinner *we are painting!* Gah...this weekend doesn't look to bright so far haha.  Oh yeah, and for jokes, you HAVE to go to this. "Saddam Rock Paper Scissors" is HILARIOUS.  urlLink Click Here .  Later.
     

    



       
       7/8/04 BADMINTON...First ACTUAL games in almost 2 months...   Current record for July: 0-2  Yeah the record looks grim, hopefully I can get back up and running. Second game was REALLY close, except me and Josh eventually lost to Gavin in an intense one point grab. Tied 14-14, me and Josh lost serve, and was back to Gavin's side who was w/ Jeffany's dad on a team. Jeffany's dad cleared the shot...and it was over. I was going to try to reach it but it was to high, and ducked for Josh to clear. No shot came, and the final score stood at 15-14. SO CLOSE...oh well at least it was good times. Saw Pow Pow, Hermann *who has a shinin' new raquet imported from HK* and Po-Kan also. We just kinda rallied for 40 minutes on a court. Didn't really play a game. But yeah first time at Westview in ages and last for the summer, as they close down for the summer season. Oh well, back to UCC it is...  For the rest of my day, I woke up at 1030 today, and did my daily devos. Today I read 2 Corinthians 5, mostly focusing on verses 11-21, about the "Ministry of Reconciliation," and how God reconciled himself through Christ. At first while reading verse 21, I didn't really understand it, but eventually I got it after reading it over many times, and finally understood that the "him" in the sentence is referred to Christ, who was perfect in all ways to be our living sacrifice, so that we might "become the righteousness of God." The verse actually reads this:  "God made him who had no sin to be sin for us, so that in him we might become the righteousness of God." -2 Corinthians 5:21  That verse really made me think about how much God loved us to sacrifice his own son for us, even though we have rebuked him so much. To think that God has endured through this for over 2000 years, and many of the people around me whine and complain about their lives being all crummy because apparently "no one there for them" *Even though God is right beside them* and their issues have been going on for maybe like what? 2 months? God has been havin' this stuff thrown at him for 2000 years, and Job even had bad times thrown at him for 70 years, and he STILL loved our Heavenly Father. If people asked for God's help through many things in life, most likely they wouldn't whine about the crapiness of it as much. Why must there be such an opaque wall set up by Satan around so many people's eyes? It's as though Satan has put a blindfold over many of us. If only people would just ask for God to remove it, and not lose all hope and begin to whine.  ...Well after morning devos, I went downstairs for some lunch. Afterwards, I basically photoshopped, coded, drummed, PS2'd, MSN'd, and ran around for a bit outside. That was the main outline of my afternoon in no particular order. Afterwards though, @ 7pm I went to Westview for some baddy, which as mentioned already I had a losing record, but it was still good times.  At Westview, Gavin kinda had a hard night with his badminton skills, and Josh was PURE clutch in our game, with me adding some luck haha, but still losing in an tight game of 15-14. Also got to chat with Josh about starting a Men's prayer group at LCAC, and also about the trip to Canada's Wonderland. Hope that thing will work.  Anyways, yeah here I am now blogging. I think I'm going to go watch Leno now though. And then sleep.  Until tomorrow..  Later.
     

    



       
       7/7/04 Happy B-day dad...   Yup today's my dad's 46th birthday. And it'll be my 16th in...3 months? Oi to think I'll be 46 in 30 years...  Today didn't really do much. Dad had his b-day celebrated on Sunday since he had to work today anyways.  So I woke up around 1030ish today and began doing my devos. Read up on Acts 2 today when Peter addresses the crowd about how the Holy Spirit was with them. Afterwards ate some breakfast from McD's and then went out to get my glasses, and also buy some clothes.  Apparently though my glasses were sent to White Oaks because their machine broke yesterday. So to kill time for another hour, bought my clothes then, then picked up my grandma from church, since she had fellowship this morning.  After taking the other people home, once again I go to Masonville to get my glasses. Saw Lina walking there while I was driving *haha* and then FINALLY got my glasses. Refitted lenses with no scratches or chips ^_^. Afterwards since it was already 130, and I had to get to head2head by 2, I just told mom to drop me off at a bus stop and I bused my way to downtown.  Muahahahaha though John and Josh called me saying I was late, really I was still 5 minutes early...ACTUALLY 5 minutes early, unlike Lina's watch. Anyways back to the subject *gah my writing is depriving over the summer* I arrived at the bus stop, and ran my way to h2h to prove I was early.  When I got there, my phone said I was 1 minute late, John's phone said I'm 40 seconds early, and Josh's watch said I was 3 minutes late or something like that. Point is, I made it, and then Arjun came too, and we commenced gaming for 3 hours.  *3 hours and a bit later, back at home*  I am pretty sure you probably don't care about my bus ride back, so I'll just get straight to the point...  Drumming has been a "baat poh" lately *Ha..Ha..Ha...I wonder if Dan or Gavin is reading this,* due to my lack of time sense for triplets...quarter note triplets. They are probably the most annoying thing to conquer in music. So drummed for about an hour today, with 40 minutes of it trying to figure out triplets of all sorts. I count in 3's now.  Afterwards, for the rest of the night *timeframe from 8-11* I spent an hour from 8-9 figuring out abit of CSS and HTML, and then from 9-11 watched "The Replacement Killers" on CityTV...  Even though Mira Sorvino is very "yeet" *Ha,ha,ha what a crummy joke I know*, holy crap does that movie suck. The plot is HORRIBLE. I watched it because when I first watched it when I was 10 I didn't get it, hence why it sucked, but now when I watch it again....IT STILL SUCKS. Watching Chow-Yun-Fat run around with Mira from some Chinese mob that eventually gets owned by a UPS truck, a few pistols and a TOTAL lack of Martial Arts *WTH!? Chow-Yun-Fat with NO martial arts? W....T...H...!?!?!?!?!?!?* makes this movie VERY crummy, except for the fact Mira is "yeet" *SMPGO! Jokes Dan haha...* Maybe musical triplets aren't the worst thing in the world...  So here I am now, blogging yet AGAIN. 192nd post of the year. Wow...almost @ 200. Well anyways I'm out for now, probably going to watch TV again or chat on MSN.  By the way, SMPGO *siuing my pei goo off* is the new form of LMAO.  Cheers.
     

    



       
       7/6/04 My first day of volunteer....=)   Hmm not much else happened today...other than that...I got up pretty late *around 11ish* and got ready for my volunteering...which took up the time fram between 1pm-3pm.  After comin' back home for a bit, I had to go back because I forgot something.  That took up most of the time until dinner, ate, and then here I am now blogging at 830pm. Yup....that pretty much sums up my day. I'm using my old glasses right now since my new pair is being fixed @ Lenscrafters at the moment.  Until tomorrow....  Later.
     

    



       
       7/5/04 Quick little sidenote...   Was blogsurfin' just now while waiting for commercials to end for Conan O'Brian to get back on, and read something pretty interesting.  When I was typing my blog on Sunday, and I hit the communion part complainin' about the people sitting beside me, I was wondering if I was the only one that even noticed.  Apparently not. I read Gavin's blog, and I'm happy to know that the others around me are mature enough to realize that that behaviour was really immature. So it's nice to see how we are all maturing more and more Spiritually and how we can all relate to another, but I really hope that we can help the others grow more. But still when I think about Communion, I wonder how some people can just be so thick-headed and not get it...
     

    



       
       7/5/04 Milling about...   Same old same old. Today wasn't very exciting, so this blog's going to be very brief.  Woke up aroudn 1030ish today, and started doing my devos. Read Ephesians 4 and about how we all work together as one body of Christ.  I have absolutely what I did to occupy the time from 12-4 though, a big mixture of drumming, PS2, compy, and chatting with a lot of people on MSN. Then I got bored...  And went to play ball for an hour. Afterwards...  Came home, ate some food, and off to UCC for some cardio.  I actually ran 30 minutes nonstop burning around 360 calories *GASP I CAN RUN THAT LONG!* Did some weights, some more cardio, and then left for home.  Finally got some HYPE stuff over with. Canada's Wonderland is a green light with 8 confirmed people, and also I've FINALLY sent out the email for coffeehouse to WLAC.  I'm pretty tired now, probably going to head to sleep. First day of volunteer work tomorrow haha.  Later.
     

    



       
       7/4/04 Rebecky's leavin' for Winnepeg *Awww*   Ahh yes, LCAC is getting smaller and smaller over the summer, with Steph in HK, and Rebecky goin' to Winnipeg for a bit, hmm...Carmen and Lina are the only two girls left. At least the two talk to one another...so it can't be that bad. But whom shall I call spoonface now? =(. Jokes jokes Rebecky =P. Oh well...she'll be back in a bit anyways hahaha...  Even though service started at 11am today, I still ahd to get up at 830, as our Bible Study class was at 915 instead. So got up, usual morning stuff, then went to grab Lina and Jason and off to church then.  Getting there, we were some of the first people there. So we kinda lounged around for a bit, dad made some garlic toast, so munched on some of that, and then eventually the others showed up. Carmen actually came somewhat early for once, and then after some chatting and stuff, we started our Bible Study on Daniel 4.  This chapter was the one where Nebuchadnezzar turns crazy, but then eventually goes back to a sane king, and he finally realizes how it is God that rules everything, and not him. Earlier, the reason why he was stripped away of everything was because he took credit for everything, but now he realizes that God runs this world. Well after an hour, we then finished the study, and then had some refreshments before heading upstairs for the joint service today.  Service was actually one of the best joint services I've been to. Pastor Mackness' message I thought was awesome. He spoke from Numbers Chapter 21 today, which tells of how ignorant the Israelites were while in the desert. Even after God had provided for them basically everything (food, water, protection, etc.) they STILL don't get the point that there is a God. So in the story, it speaks of how God then sent serpents to punish the Israelites for their ignorance. However, since God is merciful, he then told Moses to make a staff with a bronze snake wrapped around it *the current WHO symbol if I'm not wrong* and those who look to it will be saved.  I found this interesting, as when Pastor Mackness related it back to us, he did it very well. In that time, they had the  bronze snake on a staff. In our current time, we have Jesus Christ to look to in times of trouble. All you have to do is look up. Another reason why I liked today's sermon was because of how Pastor Mackness presented it. I don't mean to offend him or anything, but sometimes his sermons in english service are somewhat bland. However, even though I slept a wee bit today by accident *thanks Carmen for waking me up* I was about to fall asleep again, but for some reason the way Pastor D spoke today, it was so powerful. The expression, the power, the determined force that seemed to be driving him forth, probably one of the most exciting sermons I've heard from him in a while. So yeah after Carmen poked me awake, and after my temptation to sleep more, well that temptation sorta ended, I listened attentively to the remaining 30 minutes or so of the sermon. I actually remember this one very well, and I think I will for a while...  Communion then came along. I now know how my parents felt when I acted like a jackass up in service. I never really realized it until today when some people sitting beside me couldn't shut up for the whole time. I don't blame one of them as I had already explained, but the other person should have absolutely no excuse. I just hope that next time she'll be able to smarten up a little bit. Oh well, still managed to get through it, just kind of annoying with some voices beside me murmuring through the meditation time.  Afterwards, we headed downstairs, talked for a bit, and in the end I got Jason and Calvin over to my place. Jason, Gavin and I decided to have imitation martial arts battles, with Jason and Gavin never actually hitting one another just shifting up and down, and me chasing Jason around with one foot kicking the whole time and hobbling on the other. Effective way of fighting =P....  Afterwards for the afternoon basically just DDR'd and NFL Street for the time. Then they all left and I had a BBQ for dad's B-day, which is actually on the 7th but he's workin' then.  Anyways....I can't think of much else to blog about. Jason branded my house as being "boring" pretty much in his blog, if you want to see that. OH I REMEMBER NOW....  HOW THE HECK DID GREECE WIN EUROCUP!?  Now I'm normally not a soccer fan, but I still sure as hell know that Greece isn't exactly a top dog team. TOTAL underdog if you ask me, I mean portugal is underdog enough. EuroCup turned out REALLY strange, totally upside down from what I was expecting. Marcello and many other people cheering for Portugal are probably wide-eyed right now at the defeat that Portugal had received today. I for one don't really care, but I was rootin' for Portugal today if anyone. Things change since 2002 huh =P.  So yeah I'm going to go now, kinda bored, so yeah probably sleeping early for once tonight.  Those are my thoughts and rants for today.  Later.
     

    



       
       7/3/04 I ACTUALLY DID WORK IN THE HOUSE...HYPE movie night...fun times haha   Yup, back into blogging. Today was a bit more special than most Saturdays though, as it was my first time doing some work around the house since...shovelling the driveway in winter probably? Yeah I know I'm a lazy kid, which is why I actually did something for a change today.  Well my lazy day started at 1130 or so, waking up after dreaming about some REALLY stupid things again. I dreamt that I somehow became some zoologist in the Outback hunting down rare animals, and for some reasons hyenas live there now, and yeah...then I woke up after I caught it with my "team." It was weird I know. Anyways after I woke up, went to brush teeth and stuff, and then ate lunch. Jason called and said he'd be at my place around 3 so he can get a lift to HYPE, but eventually he delayed it to 5pm. So after eating, I decided to play NFL street for a bit, until my dad told me I should help with some work. I agreed, and this is actually the first time I did work WITHOUT pay...  Yes this concept is still somewhat new to me, I mean work without pay? But I agreed to, and then my first job was to fill in a crack in the side of the house with concrete. It was actually somewhat amusing for some reason, and I really enjoy doing stupid things like that. So while I was doing that, dad went to grab gas for the lawnmower. I managed to do most of the work, but when dad came back he put the finishing touches on it anyways. So while he was putting on finishing touches *mostly just smoothening out concrete* I went back downstairs and played some PS2.  After a bit of that, I then used the lawnmower, something I haven't used in almost 2 years. Yeah I've been VERY lazy. So I cut most of the backyard lawn, well until the gas ran out, and then dad took over after the gas refill. We kinda switched jobs, he mowed and I trimmed with that weed/grass trimmer thing. It was pretty fun...well until I ran into the swingset in my backyard from my childhood days. I forgot I'm a bit taller then from when I was little, so yeah...ow. Well, after trimming all the grass, and mowing the lawn, AND filling in cracks on the house with concrete, I can  NOW  truly say.... *quote taken from Rona*   "I AM A HANDYMAN!" =P   Well after the actually productive afternoon, Jason just got to my place, and we played some NFL Street before we had to leave for HYPE. Well actually I ate first, Jason played some NBA street, AND THEN we left to Vince's place for the HYPE movie night.  Well when I got there, apparently they were going to go back to blockbuster since the movie they got, "Secondhand Lions" is crap according to Gavin. So I called shotgun, jacked Rebecca's shotgun seat, and off we went to Blockbuster's.  You never know how hard it is to rent a movie with minimal violence/sexual content UNTIL you actually have to TRY to. Since the HYPE meeting is a church event, we had to find something that SORT OF goes along with it. So in the end, we got the movie "Radio." I was going to see that in theatres originally, but I don't know what got in the way of it. Meh, so I finally got to see it tonight, and I heard it's a pretty good movie, so we all agreed to get it.  Getting back to Vince's, Some people were downstairs playing PS2. Andy showed up today, which I thought was pretty cool that he took up the courage to come to the HYPE meeting with people like us haha. Rise to Honour actually looked like a pretty cool game, but of course with us there, we made the game look stupid as we do with any game =P. For example:  "BREAKDANCE DAMN YOU!" *Spins right analog stick rapidly and Jet Li does a flare* -Jason "LEI YEE WAI LEI HO GING?! NGOR JUONG GING GOR LEI!" -Josh and Gavin butchering a line from the game "Hey look public fire barrels for the hobos. I never knew Hong Kong was THAT generous" -Jason  Well after playing that for a bit, we finally started watching the movie, with Vince still trying to figure out a good message haha. In the end though I don't think there was a CLEAR intended message, but to me the movie spoke about determination and also the care that humans SHOULD have for one another. There was actually a line in the movie where Ed Harris' character spoke about Radio as someone who treats people the way many of us would want others to treat us. I thought the movie was really good. First drama I appreaciate in a while heh. Even with that in the bag though, us being us HYPErs still managed to make it look somewhat dumb sadly.  "Whoa, that place is like the white Barbershop" "Is that his daughter?" "No it's his mother." "You'll never know, they're rednecks." "He didn't say thank you for the coffee." "Imagine if that banner they run through was made out of rubber. Then they'd bounce off of it....HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHA." "HAHAHAHA that white guy's the only one laughing"  And the jokes go on and on, but those are some that I remember, for either the sheer stupidity or it was actually funny at the moment. Oh yeah and throughout the movie, Dan would pretend to flex, then say some really random thing in a deep football-imitating voice haha. I still don't see how we managed to poke fun at a movie like that. Yup....maturity at it's best ehehe...  After the movie, some of us went to ball, others stayed downstairs playing PS2. I kinda did both, but more playing PS2 w/ Rebecky and Brian. Watching Rebecky play PS2 is actually pretty funny, so I don't regret my descision haha. Afterwards they all came in, and we played some NBA Live 2004 for a bit. Jason played Rebecky first, and like usual Rebecca was shrieking, yelling, and screaming through the whole game as she mashes the buttons on the controller as well as a potato masher mashes potatoes. Played a bit of that, then had to drive Jason back to his place, and of course myself back home.  So here I am now, bloggin' yet again, reflecting back on my day. Tomorrow we have joint service, so service starts at 11am. Bible Study's around 9:15am or so though, so no sleeping in =(. Oh well, I wonder what stupid things will happen to me tomorrow haha.  Oh yeah Maisie leaves tomorrow too for wherever her cadet camp tomorrow. And in her own words...  "Aww Poor Muffin." Except this time it's probably directed to her =P.  Later.
     

    



       
       7/2/04 Happy Sweet 16th Jenn!   Wishin' you happy 16th Jenn, hope it brings you to new heights *ha,ha,ha* and of course your G1, and growin' more in the one and only God =). Best wishes...   On a sidenote, I can't feel my arms...  Today, being the first time I did a workout in....almost a month, it was tiring. When I say work out I mean a full one, and not just a few sets of bench. My arms are literally dead right now. Good way to end the day, tonight I won't be staying up late at least....REALLY tired right now.  My day started off at exactly 1054am this morning with a phonecall from Rebecca. She called me 6 minutes before my alarm clock rang, which kind of annoys me. I'm very picky with my sleep. Well so we started planning for today, because I told her I'd go for lunch with her and some other people today. Well in the end, after calling many people, only Rebecca, Jason and I ended up going. Before I left, decided I'd try to call Jenn *promised her I would for her b-day* but got her cell's answering machine, which she would explain doesn't even work. Caught her on MSN though, so wished her well, and off I went to downtown to meet up with Rebecky...  *cell rings* "Hello?" "Joe where are you?" "I can see you...I'm in the minivan apporaching your stop?" "Where?" "Here." "Hmm....OH I SEE YOU. Bye." *click*  Now in downtown, me and Rebecky meet up and then wait for Jason. After the clock struck 1pm, I then tried to call him to see where he was. Apparently he was across the street. Funny part is we could never see one another because 3 phone booths happen to be right in our way. Eventually he shifted though...and "OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOH there you are" came through the phone. So we met up, and decided to head down to the Palasad for the afternoon.  So we got there, and began to pool, order nachos and pop. I'm horrible at pool, but still managed to win our 9-ball game by sinking the last ball, which was the only ball I sunk haha. Fun times though, some stupid shots, and some pretty cool shots. The nachos were good, and my salad was good too. I'm definitely goin' back there sometime. They have good food, and the games are amusing ^_^. Rebecca playing NASCAR was pretty funny as all you hear are screams and gasps as she struggles to get around the track, almost sideswipping Jason on one REALLY fast pass. Jason then spent the remnants of his tokens on Silent Scope 2, and then we left the place. The bill only came to around $31.40. Not bad for 3 people. Well my salad adds on an extra 7 bucks, plus my tip, so in total....  $39.40 was the total amount we spent there today.  So Jason walked back to his place, while I walked Rebecky to her bus stop. Well, in the end to the London Life building where I got a lift with her also. She isn't exactly very good with directions, not saying I am, but I knew the area better than her so kept watch she didn't get lost haha. So in the end I got a ride from her family, and got home around 4pmish....  Where by then I called Jenn...this time actually getting an answer since I called her house. Apparently I do talk fast, as the first person *probably a parent* that answered the phone didn't know what the heck I was talking about, but eeeeventually I got the message that I talk fast, and slowed ....it....down.....very...... SSSSLLOW. After her almost convincing me that no Jenn existed at the place, and then the person FINALLY understood I said "Jenn" and not some other english word....  "OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOH you said JENN...Just a minute..."  So eventually got through to her, said our hi's, chatted for a bit, and then went off to drum around for a bit. A whole phone convo summed into half a sentence aren't I brilliant =P. I'm hoping I can improve a lot over the summer, because I'm horrible with fills and stuff right now. I wonder how I'll manage with 3 instruments next year...trombone, piano, and drums...oi.  Ate a bit of stuff, and then headed out to UCC with Marcello to work out. So we got there, balled for a bit for warmup, I'm horrible at ball, and then started to work out.  *2 hours later*  So after the workout, decided to walk home, just chill and talk. Beats driving, and it's more environmentally friendly =). Then after we split up, I started to jog back. I need more stamina...it's horrible. So ran from Platts all the way home basically, and here I am now....  Once again, blogging, chatting, editing the splash page for tenmore.net, and probably going to sleep soon.   Aah almost forgot...Maisie's leavin' for camp in two days or sometin'! Hope she has fun up in the Canadian North...well Northern Ontario...so not-so-North haha.   Did I miss anything in my blog now? Hmm...don't think so =).  'Nites. Ow....arms....BOKAN!....ooow...
     

    



       
       7/1/04 Canada Day...bored =P   So today I spent all the time sitting at home. Wasn't all that bad though. Got to spent some time with my family, so I guess it's all good. Wasn't AMAZING or anything though but meh....you only get so much in one day =P.
     

    



       
       8/9/04 Such a long day....but fun =)   ....still so tired from badminton. Heh I just got back around 15 minutes ago, and wow I actually was able to play so much tonight. Good news for baddy today was that I actually won more than I lost... I think.  Wait never mind I was 2-3. Hey that's still 40% ehehe. But two of the loss games were singles games, as I got my butt whooped by Jane and Gavin. Against Gavin something like 15-3, and 15-6 against Jane. Yup....my singles skills are horrible =).  But there was still more to my day.....as today was a long and tiring day.  So I got up at about 1030 today, and sat around for a bit. Eventually Jason came over as he had nothing to do either, and we played PS2 basically until 4 when he left and Gavin and I had to go to a meeting. Fight Night 2004 is an awesome game.  Anyways after Jason left and Gavin came, we got ready and then headed over to WLAC where we have our meeting today to discuss what our two churches are going to do. So we got there about a minute late, and then met up with Josh and then went to Pastor Graham's office. So we had a meeting until 440ish, which was really short, and then went to Angelo's for some early dinner, as me and Gavin were going to go to badminton right after eating.  So after eating and waiting for Josh's mom, me and Gavin then walked back to my house. Oh yeah I had my first panzerotti today haha. Anywho back on subject....  Got home, mom drove us to badminton, and then we played a lot of games. I'm too lazy to blog much more.  Now I will go.  Bye. 
     

    



       
       8/8/04 Average Sunday....   So the aftermath of Wonderland....  10 hours of solid sleep....aaaahhh yes. Unfortunately I did miss Bible Study this morning, but I still made it to joint service. So woke up, picked up Jason, and then headed to church.  Joint service today had Don Brooks speaking. He had a pretty cool message about the church, and revolved it around the story in Matthew where Jesus named Simon to Peter....well one of the Simon's. The one that didn't have a brother I think it was?  After service, helped set up for communion *which by the way after me and Gavin's ranting had much better behaviour from all* and then went home. Jason came over today too and we had Dim Sum for lunch from Dragon Court.  After eating we went to Roger's Video to rent a game. We ended up with Fight Night 2004....  And I've been playing it since which explains the shortness of my blog haha.  Finally got a Toronto trip planned out. I am officially going on Wednesday this week =), and the 6crew ft. David *hahaha doesn't that sound like a cheesy rap group* will be meeting up sometime in the next two weeks. Can't wait to see them again hahaha.  Anyways....that's my day. I got owned by Maisie at Minesweeper again, and was nice to talk to Niki again.  Anyways yeah....NOW that's it.  Later.     
     

    



       
       8/7/04 So...tired....but Wonderland w/ HYPE...so...fun...     FINALLY back home now. WHEW what a day though. LOOOONG and tiring, but at the same time REALLY fun. Wonderland was already pretty cool when I brought Gavin and Dave and 'em up every year, but this year having the whole HYPE group out there was really cool haha.  So I'll start off my blog about today starting really early, to be exact, last night.  Even though I did say I was going to sleep early....eventually that never happened. Well I tried, everyone did, but in the end neither me nor Gavin could really get to sleep until 2am. I got hungry around 12am, so went downstairs to have some milk and raisin bread. I realize I'm probably the only person that likes that combo of food, but guess what it is good so bite me if you think it's gross. After eating, the house then felt really humid for some reason, and then eventually I didn't use any blankets and slept on top of all of them. Then I decided to open the window a bit, and then it got cold, so I resorted to using two of the three blankets. Eeeventually I would get so sleep, only from the fact though that I was too bored to do anything else. I was thinking about watching TV downstairs but was afraid I'd wake up Gavin, so yeah scrapped that idea and tossed and turned until around 2am. THEN I finally got some shut eye......  Until 6am.  Then I couldn't sleep again. I woke up, originally hoping to get in an extra 30 minutes of shut eye, but in the end thought "screw it" and then just went to get ready for the day. After showering and everything, Gavin was then awake, and we started putting the mats back into my car after me cleaning the things yesterday. They were still a bit damp, so we tried to stomp them dry as well as we could *I'm not about to use a vacuum at 6am in the morning and wake up the neighbourhood* and then shoved them in the car. Then came putting one of the seats back in. Eventually I did it myself with a bit of help from Gavin, after I finally remembered what I did yesterday. So technically Gavin and I were underway and ready to go by 6:55am or so, but NOOOOOOOOOOO.......  My parents took FOREVER to get ready. So while me and Gavin waited, we played some NFL Street haha, where I FINALLY beat him,er would have. I had a gamebreaker coming up and I needed one more touchdown and I had possession, so I would have won =). Eventually we didn't leave my house until 725am or so, rushing to Carmen's place so they wouldn't complain much longer. So got Carmen, she was wondering why we were so late, and then Jason, who was REALLY wondering why we were so late. Oh yeah and also we filled the car up with gas and stuff also, and by a healthy 8am, we were FINALLY out on the 401.  Hmm for the first little while me and Gavin ate, then listened to some of my music, and then we tried sleeping. Eventually I did manage to fall asleep, but then Gavin woke me up when he tried to steal my cellphone. SSSSSEEEEERIOUSLY try to not wake me up if you're going to steal it. So after being awoken from a 25 minute nap, we then all began to talk since none of us could really get some shut eye in the car. I don't know how many convo subjects we had in the car, but too many to count. From sports to music to cooking, yup it was all there haha. Lame jokes of course were in there also, and also Gavin's all so famous quote:   "Flex....no flex....flex....no flex...."   Now at the same time he was doing something that was really disturbing, and probably scarred Jason, Carmen, and my mind for much of the trip.  During the time in the car though, when I was feelin' somewhat not so good, I did some thinking. Great time killing I know. But I was thinking about just how in the world I can tolerate listening to trance music and stuff like that. I think I came to a conclusion:  There are no lyrics.  Well much of it anyways, and if there are lyrics, MOST of the time it's about POSITIVE things and not about suicide, death, gunshot wounds, or how their life sucked before they made crappy songs about their sucky lives. I'm not referring to any other kind of music here *coughrapandhip-hopcough* but seriously some of that junk out there these days is retarded. I mean speaking out about depression is not usually something public until now, but WAS what you talk to psychology counselors about. I think that's why I like trance music and stuff like that, because it's so...well.....tranquil I guess you can say. Kind of funny how at one point I made fun of Tommy's techno and stuff *which I listen to now* because it had no lyrics. Would have never  thought now I like it because of that reason hehe.  So after the 2 hour long car ride out to Wonderland, we were FINALLY there. So first person I see there is Dave, then Rebecky, and then the rest of the people at the main gate. We were all waiting for Ken then, as he was running a wee bit late. So we all just kind of stood there, many of us needing to go to the jawn, but we did wait until Ken came, then most of the guys ran to the jawn, and pretty much all the girls ran to the jawn. Then we jammed all our stuff into lockers, and began our walk to the first ride of the day...Tomb Raider.  The lineup was almost an hour and a half, and the ride is pretty crappy. A few of us went to ride Sledge Hammer while we waited, and the others just lined up and chatted. Other than the fact we are riding lying down, the ride goes damn slow, and it is pretty lame. But yeah we all went on it as a group, and it is the new feature attraction so meh why not just to say I went on the sad thing. Afterwards, we all then split, with Josh, Calvin, Jason, Gavin, Dave and I going to one group and the others into the other (Carmen, Jeffany, Andy, Rebecky, Ken, and Wenders).  So this is where I basically talk about the group I was in, since I don't know where the others were.  So first ride we decided to go on was Minebuster. Fun as usual, bit bumpy, but meh that's the beauty of the old rickety thing =). Josh overcame his fear of these things which is awesome, and it was Jason's first time on a Wonderland roller coaster that actually wasn't panzy. So we all had fun for that being our first ride, and quickly shifted gears to Vortex.  Lines weren't that bad right now, so we got through Vortex in about 30-40 minutes. This one was obviously a bit more intense as you all know, but also more fun =). Jason and Josh said they were still fine, and that was when we all then introduced them to the best roller coaster there...  The beautiful steel structure standing there known as Top Gun.  Ahh yes one of my favourites. Just the fact it's the fastest and most crazy one in the park is probably enough said. Anyways Jason didn't really say much until he actually saw the drop and went down it going "OOOOOOOOOOOOOOHHHHHHHHHH SHIT!" Josh I think I heard him scream from when I was on the ground, as me and Dave rode the car before the others. But the fun came with a hefty price. almost TWO hours of waiting PLUS downtime for the STUPID THING BECAUSE IT WAS BROKEN. But it's all worth it just to go back on Top Gun again. Plus it was cool watching Jason and Josh going on it for the first time. So afterwards, we then had to head to lunch, as we all agreed to meet at 3pm at that gigantic globe thingy.  I can't type well right now as for some reason NOW I feel dizzy.  But anyways back on track...  With us being early and on time, and the others being 15 minutes late, we FINALLY got to eat at 330. I was starving, so was Calvin, as the two of us basically went on Top Gun with an empty stomach which got me light-headed haha. So me and Dave split on a sub, Gavin had his own sub, and some of the other guys pitched in for a pizza. Wonderland food........as usual was really expensive but oh well what can you do. Oh yeah and today, I saw one of the coolest things yet in one of the funniest ways while waiting for the other people for lunch.  ...While Jason was on the phone looking for the others, I was kind of just sitting there looking around, then I see this black kid with a Houston jersey that at first I thought was a jersey dress since it went down past his shins and I was thinking "the hell doesn't he know that's a dre......HOLY SHIT IT'S AN AUTHENTIC." After FINALLY realizing the kid just bought a really long jersey that was too long for his own good, I finally poked Jason to look at the jersey, and both of us just thought "whoa......an authentic Yao jersey...." *drool.* But it was kind of funny how at first I thought it was a jersey dress because that kid was 4'11 and his jersey was almost his height. JERSEY'S AREN'T SUPPOSED TO BE THAT LONG.  Anyways after lunch, we continued our ways to other rides. The groups were basically the same, but we all decided to go to the arcade. A lot of us went to play Time Crisis 3, while me and Calvin basically stuck on DDR. Of course like usual there were those really crazy dudes, then us, with me being the better end DDRer out of all of us. So I had my share of the fun playing heavy, and I think Calvin and Josh also had a fun time playing standard/heavy. Jason, Ken, and Gavin owned on TC3, and the girls they kind of ditched us and went somewhere haha.  Afterwards though we went out and decided to go on a ride. So, after much choosing.....  And deciding....  And voting......  And thinking....  ........  ........ ........  ........  We decided to watch the dive show HAHAHA. That was probably the dumbest thing I know but meh....concluded drop zone line was too long for what you get, and we got bored and decided to sit and watch something. Some of the dives were cool though, but wow was the plot horrible.  After bearing through that though, thank goodness it was only 30 minutes long, Carmen, Jason, Dave, Gavin, Josh, Calvin, Jeffany and Ken then decided to go on Dragon fire. I always liked this one a bit because of double loop so why not =).  Yup and that was the ride. Short line, decent ride. It was fun though still, and hearing Josh's imitation screams is always hilarious.  After that, then a few of us went on a final run on Skyrider. That was horrid as we would have been on time for dinner, but NOOOOOOO stupid delays making Josh, Dave and Jeffany, and I late for dinner...  ...we made it though finally though, and quickly rushed to the globe once again. It was already 725, so Josh, Dave and I quickly ran to grab a funnel cake and munched on it on the way back.  Afterwards, the eating and everything, we then kind of hung out at the drop-off zone for a bit *aren't we cool, hey some other people were picnicing in their trunks at the drop-off zone* while we waited for Calvin's and Josh & Rebecky's parents. After everyone was finally there, it was time to go home =(. After a day of fun.....  COMES A RETARDED/STUPID/FUNNY RIDE BACK HOME.  Actually no not really hahaha =). Well there were jokes and stuff of course, but lots of the time in my car was recalling what happened today with all of us. Well Jason, Gavin, and I had similar stories since we stuck together with the others, but it was nice hearing Carmen's stories from her time with Wenders and them. Actually I wished I had spent more time with them. Then again, Dave was really only aquianted with the guys. I mean, he kind of knows Carmen but kind of from LOOONG time ago, and Jeffany and Andy technically know them but not well either. So yeah had to stick with Dave and the guys for most of the day. But yeah it was nice to know Carmen got to get to know Jeffany and Andy better =).  After telling one another about our days, we spent some time cloud watching for some reason. Carmen....er....Gavin.....one of the two....maybe Jason? ANYWAYS point is THEY *HAH problem solved* pointed out that this cloud looked like a helicopter.....  ....and then I butchered it with details with me being the geeky one haha....  I thought it looked more like a plane....er afterwards with some shifting the Houston old logo because I claimed that the rotor was too far back haha. Then another cloud looked like a tank, and I thought another one looked like a volcano, which got the other ones going....   HUH!?!?!??!   But anyways that's another point. I just happen to be the ARTISTIC ONE....  *this is when Gavin coughs and Jason shifts his glasses hahaha*  .....so after the cloud watching we were all going to sleep, but once again failed. So after I lost z103.5's radio feed, I gave my CD player to Jason to listen to. I got him hooked on some DJ Mystik and Sylver stuff, along with a side of Foggy and INOJ too haha. I've got another person to appreciate the music I like =). It still peeves me off how a lot of people on the sound of the word "techno" INSTANTLY think of MOBY and DARUDE.....  THERE ARE MORE THAN TWO TECHNO/THAT STUFF MUSIC.  Getting that point out and out of my system. Back to where I was. Oh yeah, then Gavin and Carmen each started to listen, and I pointed them to the ones I personally liked a lot anyways. Eventually....surprisingly...that took up the rest of the time back to London....  ....along with a pit stop at a McD's, where we coincedencally bumped into Calvin and them haha. I bought a coffee and two burgers, but when we got out....  Traffic Jam.  So we ended up eating in the car there, and eventually Calvin even left before us. They decided to go head first into the traffic jam, while my dad decided to wait. Eventually though Wendy called and said it wasn't that bad after the McD's area, so we headed out. She was right once again =) When is my Kai-Jei ever wrong haha =P.  So we finally got back on the road, with me getting in a debate with dad and mom about why American SUV/pick-ups own Jap ones. In the end like usual we couldn't come to an agreement, but that's the smaller fish.  There's a bigger fish that I fried....and OWNED hahaha >=).  So for some reason afterwards we got into a debate about whales and if they're cold blooded or warm blooded. Now I know they are warm-blooded, but for SOME strange reason dad said they were cold blooded, even though that means they'd die in the Arctic. Don't remember how I got into this debate, but it was well worth it. I made 20 bucks hahaha, after showing him in fine print that whales, indeed, yes they are.....  Warm-blooded animals.......LIKE ALL OTHER MAMMALS.  Anyways that was what happened after I took everyone home. When I got into London, took Gavin home first, then Jason, then Carmen.....  Ahh yes it was a nice day indeed. One to not be forgotten for awhile hahaha.....  HYPE's next big thing: I'm hoping a camping trip =).  Later. 
     

    



       
       8/6/04 So....tired......     Tiring day today...so this is going to be a short blog...  Basically woke up, ate some food....and then went to UCC with Lina.  Played baddy until about 4ish, grabbed some food, and then came home to wash the car.  Gavin then came, as he's crashing at my place tonight.  Going to sleep soon since I gotta get up at like 6am tomorrow for Toronto.  That's pretty much it.  Have a good one.  Bye. 
     

    



       
       8/5/04 Badminton..getting....bearable..   Muahahaha I actually managed to play two well played games today, except in a fluky mishap, Gavin and Jane actually managed to beat me and Steve in a close neck-to-neck game...they won 3-1 in the end which sucks, but at least I still won another game today haha. so 1-3 in total today, ugh....today was horrible for luck....even on the PS2, Gavin managed to beat me by somehow making 4 interceptions in a row on NFL Street....this was all computer too....Jason can't even do that! Oh well anyways.....  Other than that...  Well this morning I woke up around 11 or so. I've woken up from dreams at 630am for 3 nights in a row now which is kind of weird, but eventually I manage to get back to sleep anyways. So after waking up for the 2nd time, I then headed downstiars to watch a bit of TV, then go on compy for a wee bit. Afterwards ate some breakfast, and then drummed around for a bit. Afterwards, around 130 or so, went out to  buy some new shorts at the Adidas Outlet.  Other than getting shorts there today, Grandma also had to go get her passport photo taken at Wal-Mart. Eventually I also bought a new cordless phone there, something that my house really was in dire need of since all my old ones suck, and FINALLY I have one that doesn't static up from one end of the house to the other.  Coming back from there, I was getting ready to go to the WLAC meeting, and Gavin even arrived at my place. That was when Pastor Graham then called and told us he had to bail out because he had to go see a doctor about being hit by a softball. So after hearing the news, Gavin was surprised too, and eventually he stayed at my place until baddy @ 6. Josh I tried to reach him on cell and home, but he was not on either, so in the end he called me and asked what was happening. So yeah now we are rescheduling for Monday probably.  After that strange event, Gavin went to SC for a bit, and I got further in NFL Street. Then came the utter fluke of Gavin defeating me with ALL the games having at least 4+ interceptions...NOT USER PICKS.....INTERCEPTIONS. Stupid luck always being on the other dude's side....blargh...  Anyways afterwards went to play baddy. As I mentioned before, I got wrecked in 3/4 games. Gavin I came close to beating in singles, until I got tired and then lsot 15-8. I still can't believe me and Steve managed to LOSE our 8 point advantage and end up losing 3-1 (tie breaker set). Grr.....  That was pretty much my day for today. Tomorrow probably going to play more badminton, and then also have to clean the car for Saturday. Least I'm getting paid to do it.  Anyways that's it for now. Go about and surf other blogs now.  Shoo. 
     

    



       
       8/4/04 "Now, you click in the white bar where the website is, and click there...nono not there, yeah there. Ok now start typing...good we are at google now. Now type in what you need to search for....you might want a space....nono don't have to backspace....wait....yeah...sorta...I think that's it..."   ....two hours of today was spent doing that, and stuff that resembles that. I'm getting better at doing this whole tech tutor shabang now though I think =). Everything seems to click now, and people aren't as hard to work with on the computer as I thought it would have been. So yeah, after working here for 4 weeks, I'm actually beginning to enjoy my job....when I'm actually doing something. The moments of the shift where there's no helpless person in need of help...  YEESH CAN IT GET BORING.  So I sat there for my shift of two hours, reading the papers when I wasn't helping someone, and helping people when I wasn't reading the papers. Dream Team got wrecked by the Italians haha, and apparently the Jays pulled another win out. Also apparently there's this full body swimsuit from Speedo that costs $500 bucks that people are actually going to use at the Olympics. Yup, the news these days. Oh yeah and cell phones are more popular then ever. Anyways, on top of the helping and reading when I was bored out of my mind, I also saw Steph Bourdage there. Apparently she was volunteerin' too. Also I finally got my long-awaited volunteer shirt.  So getting back from volunteering, I returned 50 First Dates on my way home, and also bought some food at Angelo's. Then came home, ate, and SCed for a bit, and drummed. After mom was finally done watching her baat poh shows, I then continued watching Enemy at the Gates, as I still wasn't done it. Watched up to some part, and then went to work out for a bit.  Coming home from working out, I am now blogging, chatting, and just finished eating. Rubbing in the fact that Roddick lost to Federer at the Masters or whatever  to Gloria is funny haha. Also still trying to plan out what I'm going to do when I'm out in Toronto, and wondering what tomorrow's meeting with WLAC will be like. I hope it will work out well.  Anyways that's it for today I suppose ehehe.  Later. 
     

    



       
       8/3/04 Untitled....   No title for today, I couldn't think of one, nor was my day even exciting enough to think of one =P. It was another one of those thinkin' days, and basically sitting in my house's A/C days once again. Plus I just bought Braveheart and Enemy At The Gates yesterday, so I thought I'd watch them. Yes I've seen both of the movies, but I felt like buying them and watching them again =).  For some reason I slept early last night, and woke up early as a result. My mind still thinks I have to wake up at 6am when I sleep at 12am *I normally had band in the school year* which is a good sign of the fact that I can easily adapt back into school life....which also sucks since my sleep was disturbed by a sudden awakening. So it took me awhile to get back to sleep, and eventually I'd wake up at 1030 only. No 1130 or 12 today. Read devos about how problems are there for a reason, and that there is always a positive way out of them. Hehe reminded me of the lesson Josh's dad taught us during Bible Study almost 3 months ago.  So afterwards, I decided to watch Braveheart. Mom was still sleeping, as she had to wake up early or something today, and I had to wait for lunch anyways, so continued the movie from yesterday night. Most of the cool battle scenes happened here, and lunch came just in time after I finished it.  After....er, during lunch I then thought to myself:   I'm supposed to call WLAC to set up a meeting time.   So, I then scrambled for the phone, and then quickly punched in the number. Apparently I was supposed to get back to him earlier *I think I emailed, but yeah....stupid emails thinking Gmail is junkmail* so then I had to call Josh, and frantically set up the committee with him. Eventually, we thought Steph would be one, and Jason or Gavin would be the other. The 3rd person would be me or Josh. So eventually we settled for Gavin, Steph, and me/Josh *we decide eventually* but for now one of us has to sit in for Steph anyways. All this work did come through, and eventually we set the time for Thursday at 4pm. Awesome. So there something done. Afterwards, I drummed around for a bit, then watched TV, ate, and then headed on compy for a bit.  For some reason I have to pick a meeting date for the 6crew to meet in Toronto, and I think 19th or 20th is going to be it.  Anyways I'm going to go for now.  Bye. 
     

    



       
       8/2/04 Lazy blog....   Ok I'll just say in short what happened today..  Saw 50 First Dates at Carmen's, came home, and sat around.  Bye. 
     

    



       
       8/1/04 Short Sunday....   Sunday seemed short today. Not much to say really...  Basically I went to North Park this morning instead of LCAC. That was my morning pretty much. I still find I like LCAC better though, but NP does have its perks I guess.....if you really like to go to a big church with a lot of people, then NP would probably be a good choice. At the moment though I'm stickin' with LCAC, as it still needs a lot more help running than NP.  So after chuch, came home, ate....and yeah just sat around home for the whole day.  Watched Blue Streak....great movie hehe.  Anyways yeah.......tomorrow don't know what's gonna happen......Civic holiday and stuff, so everywhere is closed basically, or open for shorter hours.  Hopefully I can figure out something to do tomorrow hehe.  Later. 
     

    

        
