

    
       This was Daisy's idea - describe your perfect day, as is CURRENTLY POSSIBLE, in order to begin living that way. It's meant to be an exercise in deliberate living. When I wrote my perfect day, I sort of ignored that aspect of it, and wrote what my dream life would be like. It's very diet and fitness oriented, because that's where my head was (and is), but in general it's what I would consider an absolutely ideal day in a perfect universe:  Wake up at a reasonable time, not late and not crack-of-dawn.  Say 7:30.  Put on my bathing suit and walk out to the beach. Gather a few shells, breathe the sea air, have a little stroll, commune with nature. Jump in the water for a few minutes, to really wake up and clear my head. Back to the house, for coffee and a breakfast of fruit and seafood. Get dressed in a halter top and wrap-around skirt. Go to my studio for a few hours of creating masterpieces which sell for good prices to a small group of discriminating patrons. Walk to town and pick up some groceries. Have a giant salad with a glass of wine for a late lunch in a little cafe. Walk home. Read a good book for an hour, then lift weights for 30 minutes. Have a little nap and a shower with my beloved husband. Get dressed in something pretty and slinky, but no shoes. Make cocktails and hors d'oeuvres in my bright, colorful, funky kitchen, as my brilliant literary and artistic friends start dropping by in the early evening. Sit on the verandah drinking and talking, wolfing down canapes and bringing up epigrams. When we get hungry for dinner, whomp up a big batch of fresh seafood and pasta, open some wine, and stay up late talking and laughing and singing and dancing. Go for a midnight swim to clear our heads. Retire to my plush bedroom and write in my secret journal by candlelight. Tell all and name the names, for future publication. Go to bed and sleep deeply with pleasant dreams.  
    
    


    
       Naturally, make substitutions as you see fit. More vegetables would be nice!  4 largish zucchinis 2 14.5 oz cans of diced tomatoes (Italian flavored) 1 lb ground turkey 3/4 cup Italian flavored breadcrumbs 1 8 oz. package shredded no-fat mozzerella cheese 1 12 oz. jar red peppers some olive oil  Slice the zucchini longways into flat, 1/4" thick strips. Drizzle some olive oil on the bottom of a 9x12" pan. Arrange a layer of zucchini as you would lasagne noodles.  Mix the ground turkey and breadcrumbs. Spread half the mixture over the zucchini in the pan. Pour one can of tomatoes on top, and half the cheese.  Arrange another layer of zucchini, perpendicular to the bottom layer. Spread the remaining turkey on the zucchini. Add diced red peppers and the other can of tomatoes. Sprinkle the remaining cheese on top, and drizzle with a little more olive oil.   Cook at 325 for one hour (approximate - cook until zucchini is tender but not mushy).   For a single serving (about one-tenth of a 9x12 pan) I figure the nutritional values as:  Calories: 228.	Protein: 18	grams. Carbohydrates: 15 grams.	Fat: 9 grams.	Fiber: 2 grams.  
    
    


    
       As always, improvise as you see fit.  Dice a couple stalks of celery and a couple carrots. Heat up some olive oil in a large pot, and sautee them with a sprinkling of cumin and red pepper flakes. I don't know how long - ten minutes maybe, on a low heat.  In the meantime, dice up potatoes and whatever other vegetables you want to add - onion, zucchini, peppers, etc. When the celery and carrots have had enough of a head start, add the other vegetables, and also a splash of wine.   After a few minutes, worry that they are getting burned.  Add a large can of tomato juice and two small cans (14.5 oz) of diced tomatoes (Mexican flavored is good). Stir and throw in more seasonings - tabasco, more cumin, sage, whatever.  Simmer for maybe 20 minutes.  Add a handful of frozen corn. Chop up 2 pounds of catfish into large bites, add to the stew. The fish doesn't take long to cook, so put it in when you're pretty sure the rest of it is done.  Serve with cheese sprinkled on top.  
    
    


    
       Marla's Bean Salad  1 can garbanzo beans (15.5 oz) 1 can black beans 1 can blacked-eyed peas 1/2 cup diced onion 1 can chopped green chiles (4.5 oz) 10 green olives, diced 1 tbsp. lemon juice 1 tbsp. balsamic vinegar 1 tbsp. sesame oil  Pour the beans into a collander and rinse. Transfer to large bowl. Add the onion, chiles, and olives. Spritz with a large amount of lemon juice, sprinkle with balsamic vinegar and sesame oil to taste. Stir.  The last three ingredients are definitely "to taste," so I'm using 1 tablespoon as an average to figure out the calories. I probably use more lemon juice and less oil, but you DO need the sesame taste to complete it, so don't leave it out entirely.  Other ingredients I use (it just depends on what's in the pantry): black olives, celery, those  urlLink red peppers  in a jar, garlic, etc.  This makes about 6 cups, and I think a reasonable serving is 3/4 of a cup, eaten as a side dish. So the nutrition counts for one serving are approximately:  calories: 186 protein: 10 (grams) carbohydrate: 29 fat: 1.1 fiber: 8.6 
    
    


    
       I’ve put these in two groups, but they’re all worth watching. Where it was convenient to do so, I’ve listed some dates and actors and such, but haven’t invested the time to do it really thoroughly — IMDB does it better than I can. And I’m not writing giant reviews or analyses, just a sentence or two about why I like it. Maybe give you some ideas for the next time you’re trying to pick something out at Blockbuster.    Two Star movies.  Movies that I consider to be nearly perfect. They’re so well acted, or so intense, or so funny, that they shouldn’t be missed. They’re from different genres, and frequently they  define  the genre. These are the kind where people say “WHAT? You haven’t seen such-and-such???”  So run out to the video store right now! I just can’t wait until you’ve seen these!   One Star movies.  They’re very very good, but I can’t quite put them in the same category as the Two Stars. They’re just not  quite  perfect. However, each has something a little special: a great performance, or a fascinating plot, or a particularly good scene.  p.s. Rent the DVD when you can, and always rent the letter-boxed version. And watch the movie without other distractions. I don't care how good a movie is, if you watch it with commercial interruptions and phone calls and people talking, it's just not going to be the same experience.    TWO STAR MOVIES   in no particular order    Young Frankenstein   Directed by Mel Brooks, starring Gene Wilder, Marty Feldman, Madeleine Kahn, Teri Garr, Peter Boyle, Cloris Leachman, Gene Hackman, and others. I will state without reservation that this is the funniest movie ever made. If you haven’t seen it before, I hope that doesn’t set you up for too-high expectations leading to disappointment, but it’s the simple truth. Although it’s typical Brooks-slapstick, with classic vaudeville elements, it’s also a bit more sophisticated than most of his comedies, and the cast works together exceptionally well here. To ensure maximum enjoyment, consider first watching the 1934 “Bride of Frankenstein.”   Blade Runner  1982. Directed by Ridley Scott, starring Harrison Ford, Rutger Hauer, Sean Young. The ultimate science fiction movie, with a 1940s detective-story atmosphere. Complex, riveting, beautiful, and terrible. It doesn’t get any better than this. Note: If you rent this movie, it is  imperative  that you get the Director’s Cut version, not the general release version, which was completely  urlLink fubar-ed.    Indiana Jones and the Raiders of the Lost Ark   Directed by Steven Spielberg, starring Harrison Ford. For those of you under 30 or so, you’re probably sick to death of this movie, and I am sincerely sorry for you that you didn’t get to experience it first-hand when it was first released. Spielberg reinvented the action movie, and laid the groundwork for all the (less wonderful) big action flicks that followed. The Adventure/Romantic Comedy film has never been done better, before or since. The opening sequence is brilliant. Great characters, and the perfect blend of humor and suspense.  In common with Young Frankenstein, it's an homage to an earlier style of movie, and that’s fun too. Temple of Doom and The Last Crusade have their good points — I’d give them half a star — but neither has the dimension of the first film.   American Graffiti   Directed by George Lucas, stars Ron Howard and Richard Dreyfus and other people I don't remember.  This is about high school kids on the last day of summer in 1962 or thereabouts.  It's what the word “bittersweet” was invented for.  The music is so important as to practically be another character in the story.  This movie is flawless.  There's no element of it I can criticize or find lacking in any way — not the writing, the acting, the sound, the pacing, the dialogue, the continuity, the lighting, or probably even the cleanliness of the restrooms on the soundstage. It's just perfect. And, again, Harrison Ford.   Notorious   193x. Ingrid Bergman, Cary Grant, Claude Rains. Directed by Alfred Hitchcock. Ingrid Bergman has to be one of the most beautiful women I've ever seen. Besides that, this is a gripping story about Nazi spies, danger, and romance. The suspense scenes (especially the key ring) are so tense you almost can't bear them. I like most, but not all Hitchcock, and I also recommend Rear Window, Rope, and Lifeboat. Rent the movies - don't watch them with commercials - and let yourself sink into the mood!   Victor/Victoria   Directed by Blake Edwards, starring Julie Andrews, Robert Preston, James Garner.  Romantic comedy about a female impersonator. This movie is FUNNY, warm, and beautifully crafted. The Art Deco furnishings are to die for. The story is great, the singing/dancing numbers are fantastic (and I do not like musicals), the characters are wonderful, from the major players to the tiniest two-minute roles — even Alex Karras is good in this movie, and Leslie Ann Warren is nothing short of brilliant in an important supporting role. I love to watch this movie when I’m feeling blue, because it always makes me feel cozy and happy.   The Maltese Falcon   Directed by John Huston, starring Humphrey Bogart, Mary Astor, Sydney Greenstreet, and Peter Lorre.  I guess this was the Blade Runner of its day — it’s useful to watch with your finger on the rewind button. It’s a suspense/mystery story by Dashiell Hammett, and the plot can be understood on several levels.  You can just accept it at face value and it’s an excellent detective movie, or you can pick apart the plot elements and go crazy trying to figure out who knew what when and who is on whose side. It’s cool.   To Have and Have Not   1944. Directed by Howard Hawks, starring Humphrey Bogart and Lauren Bacall.  Everyone has a favorite Hemingway story, everyone has a favorite Bogart movie. Mine happen to be the same one. You'll find only a casual relationship between the book and this movie, but the performances and the tension between the two stars are sizzling. This is when Bogie first met Bacall, so you’re seeing Hollywood history occur right before your eyes, as their famous real-life love affair begins. It’s HOT.   What’s Cooking  2000. A large cast, directed by Gurinder Chadha. I find this film even better than her Bend it Like Beckham. It’s about four households of various ethnicities and their Thanksgiving traditions. A lovely study of humanness, love and hate and anger and pain and joy. And the delicious food woven throughout the story. It’s neat.    ONE STAR MOVIES     Fantasia   193x.  This animated movie has been useful to me for my entire life. As a kid, I loved the cartoony parts and the scary parts; as a teenager and young adult it was the ultimate stoner movie, perfect for smoking a joint and watching from the balcony (yes, in those days a few theaters still had balconies); and as a middle-aged crank, I am fascinated by the beauty of the nature sequences. And the funny parts are still funny. I also recommend Bambi and Sleeping Beauty for stunning visuals and brilliant art direction.   The Sixth Sense  Directed by M. Night Shyamalan, starring Bruce Willis and Haley Joel Osment. I love a good scary movie, but I am so sick of violent slasher movies.  They're gross, they're stupid, they're predictable. The Sixth Sense was the ideal horror movie to me; it relied more on suspense than gore, the story itself was fascinating, and the actors were surprisingly good (I can’t stand Bruce Willis, and that’s probably the only reason I don’t give this a Two-Star rating). And above all, it’s REALLY SCARY.   Snatch  2000, Benicio Del Toro, Jason Statham, Brad Pitt, and others. This is not “my type” of movie, but it’s so damned good. The 21st century version of a caper movie. The violence is a bit much for me, and the music-video-style scenes pull me out of the story abruptly (which also goes under the heading of Things I Will Never Get Because I’m Too Old), but damn it’s good. Fast, funny, clever, sometimes tense. It’s the first movie I ever liked Brad Pitt in, and now I’m a fan.   The Incredible Mr. Limpet; The Ghost and Mr. Chicken; Chitty Chitty Bang Bang   Various dates in the 1960s. Starring Don Knotts, Dick Van Dyke, and other people.  If you haven’t seen any of these movies, you probably think I’m kidding, but I’m not. I LOVE these! Did you know Chitty Chitty Bang Bang was written by Ian Fleming (James Bond)?!   Topsy-Turvey  1999. Directed by Mike Leigh. A British film about Gilbert and Sullivan and the ups and downs during their creation and production of The Mikado. The sound design is awesome, and as in Victor/Victoria, all musical numbers take place as musical numbers on the stage, not the main characters suddenly bursting into synchronized song. Entertaining.   Rabbit-Proof Fence  2002? Directed by Phillip Noyce. I'm going to warn you, this is a sad movie. That’s not giving anything away — it’s the story of three aboriginal girls in Australia in 1931, trying to escape the “school” they’ve been forced to attend and return across country to their families. It’s just haunting, with fantastic performances by the little girls, and also by David Gulpilil, a well-known Australian aborigine actor. It’s going to make you cry, but please see it anyway, and try to get the DVD so you can see the “making of” stuff.   Best in Show  2000-ish. Directed by Christopher Guest, and starring the usual cast. Any one of Guest’s mockumentaries are good, but this is my favorite. All of the characters were touching, in their way, and that’s his talent as a director: you find something human to empathize with in each person, no matter how silly or vain or petty they might be. And isn’t that a good lesson for life? Yes. Yes, it is.   Corrina Corrina  1994. Whoopie Goldberg and Ray Liotta. I might be the only person who’s even seen this movie, but I love it. The early 1950s sets, clothing, and cars are fantastic. It’s a cute story, about a grieving widower and his daughter and the housekeeper they hire after his wife dies, and the relationships they form. You might get a tear in your eye, but mostly it’s very funny. The cinematography is interesting, and all the actors are good. Don Ameche is especially touching as Manny’s father. Also the little boy who plays Percy is a riot. And I like seeing Whoopie in a romantic lead; she carries it off perfectly and I’d like to see her do more roles like that.    Deuce Bigalow, Male Gigolo , 1999. Rob Schneider, Arijus Bareikis. Remember how I said Young Frankenstein is the funniest movie ever made? This one is the second funniest. I know, I know, they’re not hardly in the same category, in any sense the same quality, and yet this movie made me laugh SO hard. And I love that Deuce is kind and well-meaning and has ethics. It’s a sweet story, and WAY better than the other Schneider movies. Eddie Griffin as T.J. Hicks is unbelievably funny. Also, Oded Fehr’s naked ass.   Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid  1969. Paul Newman, Robert Redford. Thirty-five years later, this movie is still the ultimate guy buddy flick. It’s the ultimate Newman-Redford flick. There are moments of political incorrectness I don’t care for (most notably the “rape” scene with Katherine Ross) but even that doesn’t detract from how exciting and funny this movie is. It has some unusual (or distracting, depending on your opinion) techniques, such as the musical montages and the freeze-frame ending, so it’s also an interesting study of filmmaking in the 1960s. One of the classic “anti-hero” films of the 60s, also.    QUICKIES    Liked ‘em, they’re good, you should rent them, but I don’t feel like writing a paragraph.    Frida - compelling.   Bowling for Columbine (because it’s interesting, even tho I can’t stand Michael Moore)   The Quiet American - my favorite Graham Greene novel.   Pollock - Ed Harris rules!   Kiss of the Spider Woman - sad but great.   Blue Crush - exciting, girls rule!   The Exorcist - it’s scary!!   Pirates of the Caribbean - so much fun.   The Guru - funny like Deuce Bigalow.   Bottle Rocket - jeez those guys are nuts.   Sling Blade - Billy Bob.   Pushing Tin - Billy Bob.   Brazil - oh so disturbing   Shakespeare in Love - cute cute cute      Disappointing Movies    What went wrong with these? I dunno; everyone else loved them, but they didn’t do it for me.    There’s Something About Mary   Star Wars. All of them.   The Fellowship of the Ring   Harry Potter   The Last Picture Show   Scream   Chicago   Any Stephen King movie except The Shining.   Titanic   
    
    


    
       Compiling this list was harder than I expected. Oh, I could probably reel off a hundred books without much effort, but as soon as I began it became apparent how many of the hundred were by the same authors. I could list my favorites of James Michener, Robert Heinlein, Georgette Heyer, and Graham Greene, and be done with it in four authors. That doesn't seem like a really good representation, so I've trimmed multiple mentions to the minimum, including more than one by an author only when it was very notable to me. In a couple instances, I just couldn't decide between a couple books by the same author, and listed them together with a slash between.  I wanted to limit this to fiction, to novel-length writing, and that also threw me for a loop a few times. I realized I couldn't include Walden or Up From Slavery. Likewise O'Henry, Tillie Olsen, and Truman Capote, whose writings are short stories — at least, of those I've read. I love Tolstoy's short stories, but couldn't make it through War and Peace if you paid me, so he's out. I've allowed it in a few instances (Kipling, Bradbury) when the collection has a common theme or thread that unifies the stories.  The most important discriminator is that these are my  favorite  novels, not necessarily the  best  novels, the highest quality. This is a purely personal list of what I enjoy, and some of them are pretty cheesy. Some books that I like and are patently worthwhile, such as The Good Earth by Pearl S. Buck and The Bluest Eye by Toni Morrison, didn't make the cut, simply because I don't like them as much as some other novel that may be less deserving but more to my particular taste.   At first I ordered these in descending order of preference or impact, but found I couldn't really do it that way. It's too often a matter of apples and oranges. However, there are some books that had a truly significant impact on my life, that caused me to think differently, to live differently. Frequently, these are books I read when I was quite young (9 or 10 years old; I had a "college level" reading ability since second grade and read adult books from about 8 years old on), and they had enormous influence on my values and aspirations. I've marked these with an asterisk, and I still think they are wonderful stories, but be warned that a couple of them are very cheesy indeed.  Eventually I decided to order them alphabetically, by title. Not by author, because that grouping is not necessarily relevant. I like the randomness of alpha by title. It would take me forever to link them all to Amazon or whatnot, so if you're interested, you can research them yourself. So here they are, finally:     The Alienist,  Caleb Carr    Angle of Repose,  Wallace Stegner    Appointment in Samarra,  John O'Hara    Armageddon Rag,  George R.R. Martin    At the Earth's Core,  Edgar Rice Burroughs    Babbitt,  Sinclair Lewis    The Big Sleep,  Raymond Chandler    Bluebeard,  Kurt Vonnegut    The Boys from Brazil,  Ira Levin    Breakfast of Champions,  Kurt Vonnegut    Callahan's Crosstime Saloon/Stardance,  Spider Robinson    A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court,  Mark Twain    Cannery Row*,  John Steinbeck    Caravans,  James Michener    The Charioteer,  Mary Renault    The Color Purple,  Alice Walker    Conan the Barbarian,  Robert E. Howard    The Cowboy and the Cossack*,  Clair Huffaker    The Crystal Cave,  Mary Stewart    The Deep Blue Goodbye,  John D. MacDonald    The Deep End of the Ocean/Most Wanted,  Jacquelyn Mitchard    Demian*,  Herman Hesse    Don Camillo,  Giovanni Guareschi    The Drifters*,  James Michener    Exodus,  Leon Uris    The Exorcist,  William Peter Blaty    Eye of the Needle,  Ken Follet    The Fires of Spring*,  James Michener    Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas,  Hunter S. Thompson    Geek Love,  Katherine Dunn    The Glory and the Lightning*/Testimony of Two Men,  Taylor Caldwell    Gone to Soldiers,  Marge Piercy    The Grass Dancer,  Susan Power    The Heart of the Matter/The End of the Affair,  Graham Greene    Hot Flashes,  Barbara Raskin    The House of the Spirits,  Isabel Allende    I, Claudius,  Robert Graves    Interview With the Vampire,  Ann Rice    The Iliad*,  Homer    The Illustrated Man,  Ray Bradbury    Ivanhoe,  Sir Walter Scott    Jane,  Dee Wells    Job: A Comedy of Justice,  Robert Heinlein    The Jungle,  Upton Sinclair    Jurassic Park/The Terminal Man/Rising Sun,  Michael Crichton    The Key to Rebecca,  Ken Follet    Kiss of the Spider Woman,  Manuel Puig    The Last Love,  Thomas Costain    Light in August,  William Faulkner    The Light in the Forest,  Conrad Richter    Little Big Man,  Thomas Berger    Lolita,  Vladimir Nabokov    The Lord Won't Mind,  Gordon Merrick    Lost Boys/Ender's Game,  Orson Scott Card    The Maltese Falcon,  Dashiell Hammett    Marathon Man,  William Goldman    Moonraker's Bride,  Madeline Brent    The Moon Spinners/The Ivy Tree,  Mary Stewart    My Life and Hard Times,  James Thurber    Pere Goriot,  Honore de Balzac    The Persian Boy,  Mary Renault    Plain Tales from the Hills,  Rudyard Kipling    The Power of One,  Bryce Courtenay    The Prince of Tides,  Pat Conroy    Pudd'nhead Wilson,  Mark Twain    Q Clearance,  Peter Benchley    QBVII,  Leon Uris    The Quiet American,  Graham Greene    Ragtime,  E.L. Doctorow    The Razor's Edge,  W. Somerset Maugham    Red Dragon/Silence of the Lambs,  Thomas Harris    The Reluctant Widow,  Georgette Heyer    The Saracen Blade*,  Frank Yerby    'Salem's Lot,  Stephen King    Scruples,  Judith Krantz    The Secret of Santa Vittoria,  Robert Crichton    Seventeen,  Booth Tarkington    The Shockwave Rider,  John Brunner    Shogun,  James Clavell    Siddhartha,  Herman Hesse    The Stand,  Stephen King    Stranger in a Strange Land,  Robert Heinlein    Sudden Death/Southern Discomfort,  Rita Mae Brown    The Swiss Family Robinson,  Johann David Wyss    Tales of the South Pacific/Return to Paradise*,  James Michener    The Two Mrs. Grenvilles,  Dominick Dunne    Their Eyes Were Watching God,  Zora Neale Hurston    This Perfect Day*,  Ira Levin    Time Enough for Love*,  Robert Heinlein    Titan/The Persistence of Vision,  John Varley    To a God Unknown,  John Steinbeck    To Have and Have Not,  Ernest Hemingway    To Kill a Mockingbird*,  Harper Lee    Trade Wind/The Far Pavilions,  M.M. Kaye    Uncle Tom's Cabin,  Harriet Beecher Stowe    Waiting to Exhale,  Terry McMillan    When the Legends Die,  Hal Borland    The Witch of Blackbird Pond,  Elizabeth Speare    A Wizard of Earthsea,  Ursula LeGuin    The Women's Room,  Marilyn French    
    
    


    
       I want to address an open letter to people who drive dangerously. Let me first define what dangerous driving is: driving too fast for conditions, driving significantly faster than the posted speed limit, weaving in and out of traffic, running red lights or stop signs, making unsignalled lane changes and turns, passing in no-passing zones, tailgating, and throwing your car in reverse and shooting out of your parking space before you bother to look in the rear view mirror.  Here’s the thing, people.  In this life, we don’t all get to do whatever we want, whenever we want. That includes driving. You want to drive 70 miles an hour? Fine. Do it on the highway, not in my neighborhood. You want to drive 90 miles an hour? Fine. Do it on a racetrack, not on the highway.  You want to weave, run lights, and tailgate? Nope, sorry, that’s not allowed anywhere. You’re just going to have to suppress that little impulse.  Let me give an analogy. You like to drive fast? Well, I like to shoot guns. Seriously, I enjoy shooting at targets. So I go to a shooting range, where there are rules about how and when and where I can carry my gun, load it, and fire it.  I have to pass a gun safety test before they’ll allow me to shoot there.  There’s a rangemaster who ensures the rules are followed; for instance, he or she calls and ends a cease fire, in which the shooters can walk out onto the field to retrieve their targets and put up new ones. For obvious reasons, no one is allowed to walk back to where the guns are during this cease fire.  I’ve never seen anyone stupid enough to argue with these rules or try to defy the rangemaster. See, we all understand that we’re handling potentially deadly weapons, and we need to KNOW what the other people are doing. Their behavior has to be predictable to all of us. Because we could KILL someone if we fuck up.   If you can’t see the parallel here with driving, God help you. Actually, God help me, because I have to be on the road with you.  When I go to a shooting range, I have agreed to abide by their rules. And every person at that range has the right to expect everyone else to follow those rules. All of our safety depends on it. When you get in your car, you have made a legally binding, written contract with ME (and the rest of society) that you are going to abide by the rules.  That’s what a driver’s license is. I have the RIGHT to expect you to behave within those constraints, and thus predictably, for my own safety. I have NOT made an exception for you, no matter how “good” a driver you think you are.    When I see someone who flagrantly breaks those rules, I see someone who cannot function in a cooperative society. Someone who cannot understand the concept of restraining impulsive behavior for the greater good.  I don’t know psychological jargon very well, but I think that’s called a sociopath.  When I see someone speeding excessively, passing dangerously, changing lanes like they’re on a slotcar track, I see a child abuser, an arsonist, a serial killer, a rapist.  You can imagine how much respect I have for that person, and how much grief I would feel if I were to see their car wrapped around a tree on the next curve.  Yeah, it’s ugly to think something like that. But you see, that person has already wished the same fate on me; that person has already decided that my safety and indeed my very life are not as important as their momentary excitement or sense of power or whatever childish gratification they’re getting from behaving like an asshole. As far as I’m concerned, the sooner that person is taken off the road, the better, and I don’t much care how it happens.  And there’s one more thing I want to say about people who drive aggressively and rudely: they’re cowards. Because it’s easy to be rude and aggressive when surrounded by the anonymity and perceived armor of a car. I don’t think these people would dare exhibit the same behavior in a different arena, say for instance, the grocery store.  Someone might object, and someone might do something about it.  
    
    


    
       This is my account of our 20th anniversary trip to Tahiti. I always keep a diary during our major trips, because writing it down once and then later transcribing it fixes it in my memory so much better. I was also trying to track my food and exercise, at the beginning, but soon gave that up. I don’t know that this will be interesting to anyone else, but help yourselves.   Friday, March 5th.  Left the house at 4:15 a.m. Of course it was hard getting up so early, but I’m so excited I can’t stand it. Found the Park and Ride without too much trouble. The bus was coming just as we closed the trunk, so we sprinted to the stop and hopped on. Then a dull time in the airport waiting for our flight.  Flight 1209 to Cincinnati on time, 6:20 a.m. An aisle seat and a middle seat over the wing. A crazy guy in the seat ahead of us, fighting with the other two men in the row. Looks to be a four hour flight. Gah! I didn’t realize it would be so long. The movie is no good, not sure how I’ll stand the tedium.  A bad landing at Cincinnati. That is, the pilot did a great job, but there was a lot of wind and he was fighting it the whole way. Bucko shook his hand as we were leaving.  4:00 p.m. A hellish time at LAX, trying to find things — no signs! Great design, folks. And a long, long line to get into the terminal. But finally ensconced in our very cozy window seat in Tahiti Air Flight 1. We’re now 13 hours out from leaving the house this morning. Didn’t get a chance to eat at LAX airport like I thought we would — no time. I’m starving!  I brought a can of tuna and some stuff like that, but we haven’t had a second when we could sit down and eat it.  My new purse is disintegrating already. Damn you, Wal-mart.  Had a delicious dinner on the flight. I resisted the salad dressing, the bread and butter, and had only half the chocolate cake they served for dessert. All the announcements are in French, then English, and then only as we got close to Tahiti, in Polynesian.  I don’t understand much of the French at all, not a good omen. Had several glasses of wine, along with the quite good dinner it’s done wonders to revive my spirits. Bucko also is much happier. The flight attendants are dressed in pretty, brightly colored dresses, and they are curvalicious and beautiful.  Two hours 45 minutes to go and I don’t know how I will stand it. My legs are sore and my feet swollen. I can’t wait to stand upright for a while, or to lie down and put my feet up. Along with several other people, I’m standing in the aisle to stretch my legs. I figure it’s 10 p.m. our time, and we’ve been awake since 3 a.m., although it’s late afternoon here and the sun is out. My eyes are burning. Can’t sleep though, I’m too wired. The Pacific is incredible, a vast, vast blue with white clouds of every shape and size.  I never conceived of anything so infinitely large.  Thank god they came along and gave us more water and orange sherbet. For a few minutes there my heart was beating really fast and I felt awful. Probably just fatigue because I’m okay now.  Did I mention that as soon as you’re underway they bring everyone a flower? Apparently it’s a gardenia, and it smells BEAUTIFUL. The cloud cover has mostly broken up beneath us and the clouds are scattered cotton balls, lit with sun that is just starting to become a golden color.  6:39 p.m. Just saw an atoll!!!!!  Unbelievable!!  It’s getting too dark now to see anything; I’d hoped it would be light when we landed.  Landed in Papeete, a little bit scary because the landing strip is not very long. Terribly hot and humid when we disembarked, but the air smells lovely. Salt water and flowers and diesel. You walk across the tarmac into the airport building, then Immigration (show your passport), get your luggage, through Customs (nothing to declare — rien a declarer) and then the rep from Islands in the Sun gives you a lei, which smells beautiful but is also heavy, itchy, and hot around your neck, and sends everyone off into mini vans to the hotels. A young woman drove us, with an older couple going to another hotel. She drove FAST. Couldn’t see much of Papeete because it was dark, but we went along the main drag at the waterfront, which I was much excited to see.  I didn’t realize that the city is so HILLY; it’s only flat for a tiny bit near the water, then straight up into the hills.  Hotel Mandarin is everything I could ask for. On a city street, across from Papeete’s town hall. A small lobby with a handsome Tahitienne at the front desk. She understood my French! I am very self conscious about trying to speak it, but apparently a lot of people speak English anyway. The room is nothing extraordinary, but the balcony looks inland and we have the most wonderful view of Papeete without leaving our chairs. We made pretense of intending to walk down to the waterfront since it was Friday night, the big party night in Tahiti, but Bucko fell asleep while I was showering, and I soon followed. Slept well until about 4 a.m., and then kept checking the clock to see what time it was. Also kept looking out the window to see the lights of the town climbing up the mountainside. I can’t believe we’re here.  Saturday March 6  We were up and dressed at 6 a.m. Took a little walk around the block and found the market. Too early, people were still setting up. But lovely to see the buildings and all the many materials the sidewalks are made of. Saw a rat at the market, walking around as bold as anything. Also saw people sleeping on the sidewalks, just like in the Michener book, both sellers and buyers, waiting for the market to open.  Back to the hotel for breakfast. The woman spoke little English, so I had to stumble along in French. It worked! Up to the room for bug spray because I was already bitten. Then a circuitous walk to the waterfront. Saw the Paul Gaugin cruise ship in port. Bigger than I expected. No private yachts, though. Made our way back to the Market (no map, so we circled around a bit) where I bought three hand-dyed pareus for folks back home. Beautiful. Also we got two very ripe papayas, now in our little mini-bar fridge. In the downstairs, vendors sell fruit and fish and baskets; upstairs are pareus, jewelry, and the like. Also a tattoo place, which we are considering. The Polynesian people are so beautiful — there’s a lot of variety, because there’s much mixing of European and Chinese, but in general they are tall, with lovely skin and thick, wavy hair. Some of the girls are tiny, obviously mixed with Chinese, and they are incredible. The men are likewise gorgeous.  11:30 a.m. Back to the hotel for sunscreen, and for me to rest my feet, which ache abominably. I wore my new sandals, and of course am getting blisters. So I’m sitting here with my feet up, wrapped in cool washcloths (the water doesn’t get actually COLD here), looking at the fabulous view and writing this.   4:45 p.m. After the market, I put on my tennis shoes and we walked EVERYWHERE. Past the city hall, in circles downtown where we found the most amazing furniture store. Massive pieces, some very ornate, some in a Mission style. Then wandered uphill into the residential area. At a small grocery store we bought two sandwiches, two orange juices, and two beers for 930 francs. Sat on a nearby curb in the shade to eat. Were accosted by a young Tahitian who wanted either to sell us dope or buy our beer for a tenth its price. Not sure, he was stoned or something and finally we got up and left. Circled the block and lost him, so we continued on our way. All uphill and hot sun. Breezy now and then, but not enough! The houses are sort of oriental looking, many with garden walls surrounding. Windows and doors open to catch the breeze, and often a piece of fabric hung in the doorway to let the breeze through, instead of a door. Lots of kids walking, on bicycles, and on scooters. Limped back to the hotel around 2 p.m., my feet in great pain. But so glad I walked as far as I did. Unfortunately, I noticed that my shoulders and face burned and it is fairly severe. We napped for a couple hours, much needed. Bucko is still asleep as I write. I could sit and watch the light change on the peaks of Tahiti all day. The light here is beautiful — the air is so clear. Even when the distance is hazy with cloud, some part will be lit brilliantly with direct, pure light.  I have not seen anyone wearing a pareu yet. I suppose that is more common at the beach. The women here wear dresses and skirts, rather formal, only occasionally a young woman in shorts. The dresses are usually bright and form fitting. There has been activity at the city hall all day — some sort of tent pavilion and seating are set up in the garden. I suspect a wedding. I just saw a woman in a long white dress, but hard to tell what’s up from here.  And another thing: there are CHICKENS wandering around the yard right next to our hotel.  It is true, what I have always read, that twilight does not linger in the tropics. Fifteen minutes ago the sun lit the grass in the city hall lawn, like on a late summer afternoon, and now it is nearly dark.   9:30 p.m. Had a couple lovely Hinano on the balcony. A cool evening. Then walked to the waterfront — many food carts to choose from, and many people walking around eating and sight-seeing. We settled on Chez Roger and had Steak Frites avec Sauce Roquefort and Mahi Mahi Riz avec Sauce Poivre. Delicious. Then sat and listened to a band in the gazebo playing traditional music. Many families walking around with their kids, lots of Polynesians, not just tourists. Then on to Mano Rock Cafe, just across the street, for a pitcher of Hinano in the outdoor cafe. They played much current dance music. Also saw a girl in a pareu walk by, at last. The bathrooms were kind of funny — one door to get in, and then the women’s to the left, the men’s to the right, WITHOUT doors. So if you cared to, you could see the men at the urinals. Staggered the couple blocks back to the hotel. We passed a popular club, where the locals go, but decided to pass it up. There wasn’t anyone over 25 years old there, I don’t think we would really fit in.  Sunday, March 7  Woke up at 4:00, as usual. Can’t get back to sleep, it’s too noisy. Sunday morning is the big time for the market, from 5:00 to 7:00. There’s been a steady stream of car traffic, and also many people on foot, outside the hotel. Can’t tell if they are waiting for the market or late party goers returning home. A bit of both, I think. As last night, I have heard loud music from somewhere in the hotel all night.  7:30 a.m. Breakfast in the hotel restaurant again. I’m having cafe avec pain, et les fruits frais. This is coffee with a loaf of bread, about 9 inches long, butter, and a plate of watermelon and papaya. Bucko is having an omelet, bread, and tea. I’m happy my only ill effects from yesterday’s long walk are my sore feet. I’m not stiff or sore anywhere else. Now I am once again watching the clouds and light changing over Papeete. It’s everything I could have hoped for here — beautiful, squalid, full of energy, joyful, relaxed. There are many cars and scooters, which sound just like leaf blowers, and always people strolling the streets. Polynesians, Chinese, Europeans, and every mixture of these, so that there are so many beautiful, varied faces. Children are everywhere, and as often as not it is the father holding them and playing with them, which is very sweet. I see many mixed couples and mixed groups together. I have fallen in love with this place. Late this morning we leave for Huahine, and I don't want to go!  -----  5:00 p.m. How can I even begin to describe this day? Huahine is a revelation. I’ve never been to such a peaceful place. Our flight was uneventful. Bucko and I could not sit together, but it was only 30 minutes. I saw little of Huahine or Tahiti from the air, a great disappointment, but the glimpses were magnificent. Very quickly through the tiny airport, then a five minute van ride to the boat dock. The land reminded me of pictures I’ve seen of Barbados; very lush but not jungley. Through Fare, but couldn’t see much. There’s only two towns, Fare and Maeva. The dock is wonderful, we haven’t seen much water since we’ve been here — in Papeete, the harbor is a "working" port, so the water was pretty but not exceptional. Here the hotel shuttle dock is tiny, like something you’d see in a city park, but the water is incredible. Turquoise, completely clear, with many-colored fish. Also a couple Tahitian dogs that Bucko immediately made friends with. They probably speak French, but it was no handicap.  The Te Tiare hotel boat is quite small, but the drive is nice. You can’t quite see the hotel from the dock, it’s around the other side of the island. About a ten minute ride. When we arrived, a Polynesian guy on the dock blew a conch shell, and a girl came down and gave us leis, then we were led into the most wonderful lobby over the water and open to the air. Like an ultra luxurious Gilligan’s Island. I tried to pick up my suitcase on the boat, and they were horrified and snatched it away from me. It’s hard to get used to being waited on hand and foot. They gave us coconuts to drink, delicious. Then a pretty woman from the reception came over to us and checked us in. She was cute as a button, with many interesting tattoos. We followed the guy to our bungalow (lucky #13) and were awestruck by the grounds and the interior of the hut. A demi bottle of champagne was waiting for us, surrounded by gorgeous tropical flowers. We changed into cooler clothes and had lunch in the open air resort restaurant. Very expensive, and not notable food, but what a beautiful setting. The buildings are round, and on stilts over the water. The roof rises in the center, so the ceiling is very high inside. There are half-walls, about three feet tall, and then the sides are open to the roof. Apparently they don't have an insect problem, because there are no screens or glass or anything.  Then we had a little swim in the clear, warm water. The hotel has a small beach between the lobby/restaurant and the over water bungalows. It's makes kind of a protected little cove or bay. I’ve never been in ocean with no waves before, it’s incredible. You can just walk right out into the water. The only drawback is that there are a lot of rocks and coral, you have to watch where you’re walking. Which you can do, because it’s so clear. Now again we are ensconced on our porch, tired and happy. A Hinano from the minibar now, and room service later. We’re going for all-out luxury today. The grounds are so pretty, all kinds of plants I can’t identify, and many beautiful flowers that smell lovely. I suppose there’s a sort of fake "Disneyland" feeling to it, but I don’t care. You can’t fake that sky or that scent in the air.  Later. Not sure what time it is, I can’t see a clock anywhere. probably around 4 a.m., since that’s when I always wake up. Slept quite well but woke up a little squirrelly. Maybe the food was too salty. I’m standing in the closet writing this and there are tiny tiny ants running around on the counter. I don’t know what they could have found in here to attract them.  Monday, March 8  11 a.m. GLORIOUS morning. We went for a walk early, around 6 a.m., before breakfast or anything. Had the place to ourselves, except for the gardeners and girls picking flowers for the day’s leis. When the resort ran out we walked along the tiny beach. Found a little piece of coral for Marella and a shell for me. I'm keeping my out for something special for Daisy. Also found a dirt road, maybe 10 feet inland. Those ten feet put you in another world, it’s a JUNGLE. Eventually we encountered another resort, or possibly a private residence, so returned. Saw several loose chickens running around, apparently they are wild here. Leftover dinner for breakfast.  Snorkeling is PERFECT. It’s the most wonderful thing I’ve ever done. It’s indescribable, so I won’t even try. Now we will walk to the restaurant to have a drink while waiting for the next boat into town.  Later. Had a drink in the bar while waiting for the launch. Weirdly, martinis are one of the cheaper drinks here. Arrived in Fare about 12:15. This is a TINY town; the whole downtown is one block long, and it runs along the waterfront, of course. It was very very hot, but there are lots of large trees, with many birds in them, for shade. Had a little stroll and bought postcards in one of the two gift shops. Then had lunch from a roulotte, grilled chicken. The girl running the trailer didn’t understand English at all, so I had to limp along in French. It was funny because there was a French group sitting right next to us, and they all stopped their conversation and were very obviously listening to me. What’s the deal with that? I don’t know if I was just amusing as hell, or whether they were waiting politely to see if I got into enough trouble that they would intervene and help me out. And the flies were terrible! It was hard to eat without biting them.  Walked around the block into the residential area. Much like the neighborhood in Papeete, only flatter. Saw many young people in the back of pickup trucks - that seems to be a favorite mode of transportation, carrying around seven or eight kids in the truck. The houses are the same, very simple, with porches and patios. It seems like the living is done outdoors. Came all the way around back to the main drag, and stopped at Pension Guynette, where they have a covered patio. Had LARGE Hinanos, and chatted with the owner and her husband. She’s originally from New Jersey, but has been in the South Pacific for 27 years. He’s Polynesian, probably 20 years younger than she, a good looking guy with a shaved head and many tattoos. We asked her what people do around here for a living, and she said the islands are filling up with retired French civil servants. She said immigration to the islands is very difficult unless you’re rich. Apparently the French franc goes further here than the American dollar does.  On the way back we stopped at the grocery for provisions for dinner and beer. Cost - 3600 francs, but still cheaper than eating at the resort. I considered buying French tampons for Daisy's souvenir, but I was too miserly - they only had big boxes for about twelve American dollars. Sorry Daisy, love you, but not twelve dollars worth. Arrived at the boat dock at just the wrong time — had a 55 minute wait. But there are worse places in the world to spend 55 minutes than on a beautiful Polynesian island, sitting in the shade over the clear water! We saw three of those outrigger canoes, each with 6 rowers. They seemed to be training — one of the canoes had a guy who was acting like a coach. They went back and forth just at the mouth of the harbor. Also several sailboats anchored just outside.  5:00 p.m. We planned on more snorkeling when we got back to Te Tiare, but saw that my back is far too sunburned. Damn! Now we’re relaxing on the deck while the beer gets cold. The fridge isn’t all that frigid. My feet are doing much better.  Tuesday, March 9  4:00 a.m. Awake at 4, as always. Had a nice evening eating and drinking on our dock, then walked to the beach to see the stars. Fantastic. Even with the lights from the resort, they were so bright and so many compared to what we can see at home.  8:30 a.m. Planning on more snorkeling this a.m. I must wear a shirt to guard against more sunburn. Today a maintenance person is sanding the banisters of a nearby bungalow. He’s wearing a head-to-toe white coverall. I understand the filter mask, but not sure why the coverall. It rained hard last night but this morning is beautiful. We’ve been fortunate in the weather, considering it’s the tail-end of the rainy season. My feet are much better but I can still feel the effect of that first day. A little lizard scuttled into our room last night, and this morning I found half a cricket on the floor.   Later. Another day in paradise. Spent the morning snorkeling. The water is so clear and shallow, and no waves at all. You just walk into the water from the beach, watching where you’re stepping because there are lots of rocks and coral bits. It’s not a problem, though, because it’s so clear. Then when you’re deep enough to float, you put on your fins (which is kind of tricky) and then roll over onto your stomach and start floating. We were enraptured with the first few feet; many tiny fish, beautiful colors, but then when we got out to five or six feet, it was a whole new world. The water is bluer, and there’s many more fish. I can’t believe they were here the whole time we were swimming, but of course we couldn’t see them. About 30 yards out, where the restaurant and dock are, there is a sudden drop-off in the bottom, and all of a sudden you’re hanging in a cold blue void. It was breath-taking, beautiful and also frightening. Without anything to focus on, no reference, you’re just suspended in nowhere, in nothing. It must be what space is like. There were tiny little bits of something — I don’t know what, plankton? — rushing by like tiny confetti, so that gives the impression of great speed and is disorienting. There’s no distance and no scale, so they could be molecules or planets passing by. It’s like looking into a snowstorm, when the snowflakes are being driven by wind. I was afraid the whirling would coalesce into a recognizable shape, such as a SHARK, which made me freak out somewhat. I could only stay in that area for a minute.  Had leftovers for lunch, and drinks at the restaurant, and then into Fare for beer and dinner. Stopped again at Pensione Guynette and chatted. Saw two small freighters pull in to the harbor while we were sitting there. They carry passengers too, mostly on the deck. The woman (didn’t get her name) said she had made the trip once to Tahiti on the freighter and booked a cabin. Found out she was expected to share it with four other people, all men!  It was okay because she knew at least two of them, but I think she said she ended up sleeping on deck because it was actually more comfortable than a room with four guys. I can understand that. Had a great dinner at Snack Temarara. Grilled mahi-mahi and coconut tuna. Wish the hotel had that kind of food. Many locals eating there, I didn’t see anyone else who looked like a tourist.  
    
    


    
       Wednesday, March 10  9:00 a.m. Ate breakfast in the hotel, a buffet. We ate a lot because we don’t anticipate having lunch what with the travel schedule. Must leave the hotel at 10 a.m. for the 11:50 flight to Bora Bora. Just learned the "B" is pronounced somewhat like  "P". I am sorry to leave Huahine but eager to see Bora Bora. Hoping the hotel will offer better food, and maybe some night life. Much as I love Te Tiare, I have to admit there is NOTHING to do here at night.  4:00 p.m. We left Te Tiare on the 10 a.m. boat. Had a little scare along the way, Bucko couldn’t find his ticket. Happy ending. Had to wait 1.5 hours at the tiny airport; I guess we could have taken the later boat. This time we managed to get two seats together, by being rather aggressive about getting in line. The islands are fantastic from the air. It was a 15 MINUTE flight, quite uneventful except for the beautiful colors. Bora Bora airport is on its own motu (little island). It’s a former US military strip from WWII. I saw (I think) our resort from the air. Found the Hotel Bora Bora Lagoon Resort sign immediately, where a pretty Tahitienne gave me a flower crown and Bucko a lei. They loaded our luggage on a catamaran, and off to the hotel. Maybe 10 minutes. Checked in at the gorgeous lobby. Few of the buildings in Tahiti have permanent walls, and this was open to the gardens on two sides. Again we were given coconuts to drink, and someone came over to check us in.  I don’t know what fancy hotels in the States do, because I’ve never been to one, but I highly recommend this check-in procedure. It makes you feel important! Although I suppose there’s so many people coming in and out of a hotel lobby in the States that they don’t know who’s a checking-in guest and who’s not. At these resorts, you can’t even get there without their boat, so they know who you are.  Then she took us on a little tour — the pub room, gift shop, restaurants, bar, pool, and finally to our Over Water Bungalow (OWB, to those in the know). It’s beautiful. All the walls are paneled in some sort of teak-looking wood, the furniture and bedding are awesome, and of course the view is unbelievable. After a couple minutes to cool down and take pictures before we messed up the room, back to the poolside restaurant for drinks and a snack. I had a Banana Bora — vodka, creme, banana. Actually, I had two. Was surprised when the credit slip had a spot for a tip – we’d been told there is no tipping in Tahiti, and we hadn’t been. God, I hope we weren’t mistaken!  Then some snorkeling outside our OWB. Not as good as Huahine. Too much wake from boats, not enough fish. But still, not bad! There’s a ladder from the deck that goes right down to the water, to a little landing. You can put on your flippers there and hop right in. Bucko pulled up a giant shell, which we intended as a souvenir, but when we got back to the hut discovered it was occupied, so it had to go back. I have one thing to complain about —our hut is only one bungalow away from the working dock and maintenance area. There’s a lot of activity there and many boats coming and going. The place is so empty you’d think they could have put us in a better spot. Who knows, maybe they consider our hut IS one of the prime spots.  6:00 p.m. Sat in the cute semi-outdoor bar for a couple drinks. Two local musicians with guitar and ukulele. The bartender/waitress is very chatty, it’s interesting to meet a local. Also met Sebastien, the Head of Beverages. There are more Europeans working here than at Te Tiare. Ate outside by the water overlooking the lights of Vaitape. The food is much better here, and even more expensive. We found the room has an incense burner! Nice touch.   Thursday March 11  6:30 a.m. Went to sleep pretty early last night. They had turned down the bed, located my robe and laid it across the bed, and put out slippers for us!  Unfortunately Bucko’s were both left feet. Also they put bottles of drinking water on each table and a little card that said "Good Night" in several languages. Something woke me up in the middle of the night, I heard a BIG splash. It must have been the wake from a boat, but it sure was startling. Looked outside and didn’t see anyone or anything in the water. Also noticed we had left the fish-feeder light on all night. Maybe it was a shark attracted to our hut!  Today we will go in to town (Vaitape) to look for provisions. I feel a little weird, as though the floor is moving in the bungalow. I know it isn’t, but it feels strange. Hope I’m not getting seasick.  9 a.m. Giant buffet breakfast at the hotel. It’s impossible to eat right here! The food is so expensive, we’re stuffing ourselves at the buffet so we don’t have to eat lunch. The mini bar fridge is too small for us to stock up, so we’re limited in what we can get at the store. Perhaps just bread, cheese, and fruit. Today in to town and tomorrow the 4x4 jeep tour. As lovely as it is here, I am starting to look forward to home. Especially for healthy, cheap food. We don’t know how lucky we are. I think the expense is causing me a fair amount of distress, and might be what’s making me feel edgy. Must put it out of my mind, because there’s simply nothing to be done about it.  1 p.m. Spent a couple hours in Vaitape. Very very hot and sunny, and much traffic on the circle road. Walked along the main street half a mile or so. Bought a shot glass for my brother (he collects them) and perfume for his wife. Most of the shops were tacky and sold merchandise made in China or USA. But found local pareus for Bucko’s female relatives, and an extra special one for Daisy. Also went to Magasin Chin Lee for bread, cheese, pate, a couple pre-packaged salads, and Hinano. Somewhat cheaper than Fare and more variety; it’s a much bigger town. Had to come back because my stomach is still acting up. More pain than nausea, which makes me think I picked up a virus rather than ate bad food or seasickness. Now I’m resting and drinking a Coca Cola while Bucko feeds the fishies through our coffee table.  Later. Took a little walk around the resort grounds. Didn’t realize how much is still under construction. Probably only a third of it is done. Saw a girl topless at the swimming pool. Well, I’ve never seen that before!  I know people do it, but not around here. Tried to nudge Bucko, but I didn’t want to point and gawk either, so he missed out. They had wonderful Polynesian dancing at the buffet tonight. There was a round sand area with torches between the terrace and the water. About 10 each male and female dancers, dressed in bright orange. Also drums and singing. Gorgeous! Unfortunately I was feeling sick as a dog, dizzy and lightheaded. Still not sure what it is, but I’m sick of it. The buffet was nice, more vegetables than we’ve seen yet.   Friday, March 12  Up early for the 4x4 jeep tour. Holy cow! That’s worth the money! (I think it was $70 a person). Joseph, our driver/guide, is a huge Polynesian guy who has lived in France, Michigan, and Miami. He’s very conversant with American culture. He said he used to work in the black pearl industry, which is Bora Bora’s main industry besides tourism, but it was too dull, so a friend of his took him on as a tour guide, and he loves it. He sure seemed to be having a good time. He picked up another couple at another hotel, young honeymooners from Boston. We sat in the back of the jeep, where there wooden benches on either side. And handrails, fortunately. He took us up a "road" built by the US military in 1942 (I think) and apparently not repaired ever since. VERY bumpy ride, and my back and stomach are aching. It felt as though all my internal organs were moving around, and I think they really were. We stopped at a WWII gun emplacement, with the guns still in place, but filled with cement so they can’t be fired. Joseph knew many facts and statistics about the island, past and present. He was very complimentary about Americans and all they had brought to the island (besides 175 "illegitimate" babies during the war). I know he was in the position of being paid by us, but I think he was sincere; we didn’t see any anti-American sentiment the whole time we were there, even from the French. On the way up to the guns, Joseph stopped and picked mangoes and papaya so we could have a little "picnic" at the top. Then back down and through a residential area, so we could see what it looked like. For some awful reason we didn’t take a picture there, because it was so lovely. The gardens are awesome. He picked a couple flowers for me and the other girl to put behind our ears.  Then around the island, and a stop at Bloody Mary’s, which is a rather famous restaurant where many famous people have eaten. Whatever. The interesting parts are that the floor is sand, of course there are no real walls, and the bathroom is outdoors. It’s screened from view, but it’s an outdoor room, and the washbasin is a little rock waterfall. You have to pull on a cord, and the water comes down a bamboo pipe and splashes through the rock into a little basin. Another Gilligan’s Island detail I want in my own house.  Done with the tour around noon, so we had cheeseburgers at Snack Bora Burger. 800 francs each! That was the most expensive item, though, and still only a third the cost of eating at the hotel. Visited a little gift shop nearby to get a T-shirt for Bucko. The owner was a French guy, very nice. He talked about the "Operation Sterilization" which was going on at the time — a bunch of American veterinarians were there sterilizing all the dogs for free. He said there are 6000 people on Bora Bora and 4000 dogs, so it’s a problem. We were again struck by how complimentary he was about Americans; I don’t think he was sucking up because he already had our money and he initiated the conversation, it’s not like we were grilling him on his opinions.  It’s such an interesting point to me, because in recent years, our own media is constantly telling us how hateful we are and how much other countries hate us. The news always shows people burning our flags, and commentators and comedians alike are always making remarks and jokes about how bad, crass, loud, stupid, insensitive, or otherwise unpopular Americans are. So I was practically expecting to be pelted with garbage.   9:00 p.m. Went to the hotel Joseph recommended, Fare Manuia. Finally I had poisson cru (raw fish), and it was delicious. The restaurant is small (about eight tables) and no walls. Good food, not cheap but reasonable for here. Our waitress didn’t speak English as well as we thought, because we had a little misunderstanding about taking our leftovers home with us. A tragedy, because we’d only eaten half, if that much. Had a crazy cab driver, arranged by the hotel for us. He was having some kind of big-ass fight on the cell phone, apparently with his cab company. I could only understand a little bit, but I got the fragments of "I already AM on a job" and "You tell him I am already there!"    When we got back to the dock, the hotel boat was broken, and we had to wait for them to arrange another. As with all the towns so far, the waterfront at night is filled with kids goofing around and riding bikes. The boat arrived in about 20 or 30 minutes. It was tiny, but very fast.  Saturday, March 13  Had breakfast at the hotel. The buffet was in the little open air restaurant by the pool, not sure why they changed the location. Nice but not enough breeze. Today we may spend by the pool drinking and relaxing. Although I didn’t sleep well last night, I am feeling considerably improved today.  Yep, spent the day swimming in the pool and snorkeling on the other side of the boat dock. Found a nice spot with lots of fish, but had to fight the current a lot. It’s been very windy and the water is rough. Then a nap and a few drinks at the bar. Another conversation with the talkative Paloma. Her boyfriend is half German, if I understood her correctly. She has three children, the oldest 17. Then on to the seafood buffet. I ate an enormous amount, even more than Bucko, which is setting a record. Three grilled lobster halves, 15 skewered shrimp, a plate of sushi, and a bunch of stuff I can’t even remember. A large group came in last night, I think from Spain. There were only two other couples besides us (and the group). Apparently in April they get busy again.  Watched a little TV, for some reason. The hotel was playing "An American in Paris" nonstop. Also we saw TJ Hooker in French (zut alors!) and a very creepy Japanese horror movie dubbed in French.  Saturday, March 13  Very windy last night, neither of us slept well. But enjoyed sitting nude on the deck in the dark!  This morning breakfast at the hotel, and we have been lying around napping ever since. In an hour or so we’ll go have a beer at the bar, and then we check out at 5:30 and onto the boat at 6:00. It’s hard to figure with the time changes, but I think we have 24 hours of travelling ahead of us. I’m dreading that but looking forward to being home. I miss Daisy!  One thing I am not sad to leave is the constant attention. I guess some people love that, but it’s driving me crazy to have all this chair holding and napkin fluffing. Maybe it’s more noticeable because the hotel is so empty, they don’t have anything to do except wait on us.   6:30 p.m. Sitting in Bora Bora airport waiting for the 7:05 to Papeete. How to handle the tedium? It was bad enough when we had something exciting at the end. Damn, I want to be home. (much whining for the rest of this diary).  8:00 p.m. Made it to Papeete with an uneventful 40 minute flight. Not much to look at since it was dark. I’ve only landed in PPT in the dark, and it’s kind of scary. It doesn’t look like the runway is long enough. The landing seemed a bit steep, but who can really tell. Three more flights to go — PPT to LAX, LAX to Atlanta, Atlanta to home. Now we are in the restaurant (cafeteria, really) in Faaa airport (Papeete) because we can’t check in to our flight until 9:15. Plus we need the break and something to eat. Hope to sleep on the next flight, it’s 8 hours long.  11:30 p.m. I’ve been really uncomfortable on this flight. The tail-end of my stomach disorder, if you get my drift, plus my legs and butt ACHE from the sitting and I can’t sleep because I am also itchy all over.   Sunday March 14  Morning. Eventually I must have had 2 or 3 hours sleep because I don’t remember them. The landing at LA was kind of scary. Bumpy as hell and the smog was unbelievable. Had a horrific time waiting through the lines, a four-hour wait for our connecting flight to Atlanta. However, I saw Ed Begley Jr. in the airport, just walking along like a regular person. Sort of, because he immediately went to the extra-special first-class check in.  Middle and aisle seats to Atlanta. A 3.5 hour flight, so I watched that movie with Diane Keaton and Jack Nicholson. Pretty mediocre but enough to distract me. Then an hour and a half wait at Atlanta — our next flight was running late. They have talking trash cans in the Atlanta airport. Yep. By this time it’s night, but I don’t remember what time exactly. We had bad weather and a rough flight on the last leg. No beverage service because of the bumps. I’m exhausted, thirsty, hungry, and filthy!  Midnight-ish. Ah, we’re home. I’m so happy. So so happy.  
    
    


    
         I’m just another person trying to lose weight. The statistics? I’m female, 43 years old, 5’3”, married.   I started this weight loss attempt in December 2003. My starting weight was about 260 pounds, starting size a 26. My goal weight is 135-150, maybe a size 12.  I’ve tried to lose weight several times in the past, and can say with honesty that I’ve never lost a single pound before. This time it’s working, albeit slowly. I mostly credit the fact that I’ve been working at home instead of at the office for the past four months or so. Stress can make you gain or retain weight by messing with your hormones, and I guess I’m the poster child for that particular situation.  The blog is called "Someday is Now" because all my life I've thought that SOMEDAY I would lose weight. It's like a super Cinderella make-over fantasy. Someday this would just happen of its own accord and my whole life would magically change into something wonderful. I set all sorts of deadlines for myself: I MUST lose weight before high school starts or my life will be ruined. I MUST lose weight before prom. Before college. Before my wedding. Before the job interview. Obviously, I never did lose the weight, nor was my life ruined.  Now I've come to the realization (better late than never) than someday is NOW.  I'm 43 years old, and I'm tired of waiting for a dream to come true. It's up to me to make this happen.  That holds true for other parts of my life also, not just weight loss.  I'm an introverted, too-cynical person, so it's been difficult and very significant for me to adopt a positive attitude about anything. So I can say this has been a life-changing experience so far.  I’m writing a weight-loss blog because I have been helped so much by reading what others have published on the web.  Frankly, I can’t imagine that I could add anything that is smarter, funnier, more interesting, or in any way better than what others have written. But because they’ve shared their thoughts with me (and the rest of the world), it seems only fair that I should do the same. Tit for tat, so to speak.   What I’m Doing     I’m using a plan of my own devising, wherein I try to reach a target amount of calories daily (between 1300 and 1800 per day), and exercise for a minimum of 60 minutes daily (weekdays). I don't support the low-carb diets, but I do avoid carbs in the form of flour and sugar. I eat a lot of vegetables and fruit, and drink a lot of water. I have cut my portions back by about a third from my normal eating. My main exercise is on a Gazelle glider, as seen in the infomercials. I chose it because there is no impact to my knees and little to my feet. I have had difficulty with other exercise, even walking, because it hurts my knees, feet, and lower back. So I love the glider. I also use a cheap version of the TotalGym called the Sensible Gym, which I also love.  And I have some workout tapes, from Richard Simmons to Bellydance. I tape some shows on Fit TV. A little of everything.  I don’t weigh myself.  I learned the hard way that if I have a scale in the house, I obsess about every ounce, and check it three or four times a day. This time around, no scale. I’m taking my measurements once a week, and also using various pieces of clothing as indicators, such as the Measurement Pants. When I started this routine (December 30, 2003), these pants were five inches away from buttoning. Today (July 2004) I wear them comfortably. They’re a size 22.  So now I’m on to using the Measurement Shorts as my main gauge (a size 20).  I’ve kept a detailed (offline) journal since the first day.  My thoughts, rantings, complainings, about weight loss and unrelated subjects. I detail every single thing I eat and drink (calories plus grams of protein, carbs, fat, and fiber), and amount of exercise and approximate calories burned. I also include my theoretical amount of weight lost, going just by the numbers. Yes, someday I will weigh myself.   Now I'm putting the "thoughts" part of my journal online. Most of it is very dull stuff, just a chronicle of my day, which is why I say you probably won’t find any gems here as on the other web pages. I’m not a gifted writer, but keeping a journal has been absolutely vital to my weight-loss efforts.   My philosophy about weight loss is this: I want to lose weight because several aspects of being fat suck. Maybe if I was a different person, I would somehow be able to overcome or ignore or conquer those things, but I'm not. I don't want to be fat, I don't like it. I've been fat my whole life and now I want to try something different. However: being fat is not evil. It's not BAD. It's not a punishment. It's just a thing that happens to some people. I refuse to hate myself for being fat. I am not a failure, I am not weak, I am not in any way a lesser person than I would be thin.    What's with the "Marla was" headlines?   Somehow I became fascinated with this little Google game. You enter your name as the search term, along with the verb of your choice. Put it in quotes so Google doesn't ignore the verb. For example: "Marla was" or "Marla thinks". Some of the results are very amusing, especially since "Marla" is featured prominently in porn sites.  Anyway, it's more fun than trying to come up with relevant entry headlines, which were always things like "More dieting and exercise."  Got something to say? You can email me at "somedayisnow00" at yahoo dot com.    
    
    


    
       Wednesday, Day Three.  And also New Year's Eve.  8:33 a.m. So far so good.  Just finished soup and coffee breakfast.  Tried the Lowe's brand chicken rice soup, and it was awful.  All water, no chicken, soggy white rice. Bah.  Threw it away and went back to the Campbell's.  I have a rotten headache this morning, which started last night.  I think it might be the seltzer water.  I'm going to avoid it today, and see how my head is tonight. If no headache, then I'll drink it again tomorrow and see if headache reappears.  Decided to track my calories for past two days, to see where I stand. I'm estimating large, so my real intake might be as much as 10-15% less than these totals.  Well, the first thing I see here is that I'm doing quite well. Secondly, the caloric cost of alcohol is too high.  It's half as much as the food I ate during the entire day. Third, the alcohol is increasing my carbs with the wrong kind, namely sugar, instead of fiber.  Need to eat more vegetables. Now look at Tuesday.  I ate only 1108 calories, and I've accounted for every single thing I ate, estimating on the high side.  That's pretty damn good!  In fact, it might be a little bit low.  If I hadn't had the drinks, I should probably be adding a little to it. How cool is that?  Monday is also fantastic, and that's with the Quiznos sandwich, which is loaded with fat and cals.  So far I haven't felt hungry except first thing in the morning, which is normal.  Yay!  11:06 a.m.  Just finished with hour-long workout and a shower.  Not my best workout, but again, I managed to keep moving for an hour.  However, I'm starving!  Probably an effect of all the carbs last night.  I'm having a glass of tomato juice, and if that doesn't do the trick, will have some grapes or cherry tomatoes to tide me over.  I'd like to have lunch at 12:30 or even 1:00, because I got up late, and hence had breakfast a little late.  Still with the headache. Hope it's not the beginning of flu.  Not sure what I'm going to do today. I've done all the wallpaper removal I can do without help.  Maybe this time I really will pack some stuff.  Hee hee how many days in a row am I going to say that?  1:28 p.m.  Had a HUGE lunch of chicken, green beans, and sweet potato.  However, it was only 549 calories.  Probably less, as I don't think I had quite as big portions as I did for dinner last night.  But definitely I am much hungrier today than Monday and Tuesday.  I do think it's from the alcohol, though, and not just hunger catching up with me.  Also, I haven't been drinking the seltzer water today, and that stuff was so filling.  I really hope it's not what gave me the headache!  Which is just now starting to abate.  Had two aspirin before bed last night, and two more around 4 a.m., and they didn't put a dent in it. Two more after breakfast today, and now it's down to tolerable.  Now that I'm tracking calories, I'd better figure out what is the right amount for me to eat. Here is what thebeehive.org calculator said:  "As a 42-year old, 5 foot, 3 inch female, weighing 260 pounds, you need 2,102 calories every day to maintain your weight at your level of activity. In order to lose 1 pound a week, you should consume about 1,602 calories a day."  Since the difference between maintaining weight and losing a pound is 500 calories, I can then figure that to lose TWO pounds a week, I should eat 1102 calories a day. And I am way over that!  But, when I upped my moderate activity from 40 to 60 minutes a day, it gave me 2136 and 1636 calories (1136 for 2 pounds).  And if I split my hour with 30 minutes moderate activity and 30 minutes heavy, I get 2256/1756 (1256).  So I can indeed offset amount of food with exercise, though not significantly.  Now, the West Virginia Dietetic Association says that with those same specs, and "light activity" level (which they don't describe as fully as beehive did), I can maintain at 2,423 calories, which is 321 more than Beehive says, and at Moderately Active, 2746, which is 610 more than Beehive.  And this of course is why I say I don't overeat: I rarely eat 2746 calories a day, and yet I continue to GAIN weight, not to maintain. Whatever.  DIYGlobalSolutions tells me 2101. The Calorie Control Council says 2796.  So let's just use the average of all those figures. To lose one pound a week, I should eat 1802 calories a day (12,614 a week); for two pounds, 1303 calories a day (9,121 a week). This is at a moderate activity level.  I think I can handle that, as long as I am careful with the drinking.  My first goal will be to lose 10% of my bodyweight. That's the Weight Watchers plan. I think I weigh 260 right now, so I want to lose 26 pounds, and thus weight 234.  If I can lose two pounds a week, that would take me 13 weeks, or roughly three months.  What a depressing thought!  Three months to lose 26 pounds.  Well.  That's what will keep me motivated to do the diet and the exercise. Especially the exercise.  Overall, it's so much less painful than dieting.  I'm putting Dr. Phil's WLC stuff in another file, and will follow along with the Seven Keys and the homework.  I'm feeling just like quitting smoking now, where I've got to stop rationalizing and excusing, and do whatever it takes to make it work, even if I feel it's foolish or undignified.  Which describes Dr. Phil quite well. But, you have to accept help wherever you can find it.  Unfortunately, I can't find Key 4 on the website.  Perhaps a ploy to get us to buy his book?  6:29 p.m.  Nope, didn't pack anything. 
    
    


    
       Tuesday, Day Two.  7:29 a.m. Just finished my half can of soup for breakfast.  Man, I woke up hungry!  I'm going to drink another quart of seltzer water today, I imagine.  I also woke up with a wretched headache, which I hope isn't the seltzer water.  Although, I lifted weights and stripped wallpaper yesterday, and I can feel it in my shoulders and neck. So hopefully the headache is muscular.  Ate well last night - four chicken wings, heap of broccoli with no-fat yogurt sauce, some frozen corn with no butter. Also managed to resist dessert - Bucko had the last of the pound cake and ice cream from Christmas, and there was definitely enough for two.  That's fantastic for me.  I had an apple, which was delicious, hence the name.  Also had just the one glass of wine. So it all went quite well.  I wonder, will today be easier or harder?  Yesterday it helped to write in here every couple hours, so probably I'll be doing the same thing today.  I know I will - I'm already writing nonsense just for the sake of writing.  Not sure what else I'm doing today. Haven't heard a word from work, so I guess I'm not going to the office.  I have a few hours, like 20-30, around the end of January, beginning of February, on that one project, but that's all I know about.  I'm assuming they'll close down the office after New Year's.  LATER. 10:09 a.m. Just finished an HOUR of exercise.  Pretty much the marching-in-place thing. I'm sure that sounds lame to someone who is fit, but for me it's a big deal.  And oh it was so boring.  Nothing good on TV, and I don't have any movies to watch.  Maybe I'd better start taping something every day. The Daily Show would be good, because I rarely stay up late enough to watch it. That's only half an hour though, so I need something else too.   Now I'm drinking my tomato juice and having three little celery sticks. They're about as many calories as water, so I'm not concerned with how many I eat, but I don't really have any desire to eat a lot of celery anyway.  I'm going to strip some more wallpaper, wait for the hvac guy to show up, and I don't know what else.  Maybe pack some stuff.  Probably I should paint some more sample boards.  I just need to keep busy.  LATER.  11:36 a.m.  Stripped another two panels of wallpaper.  There's probably only one or two more I can do without help.  I don't think I can reach the ones in the shower, and the mirror will have to be moved.  It might not have paper all the way behind it, but it at least goes in a few inches from the edge.  Just started to get hungry, so I came downstairs for a glass of Orange flavored seltzer water, and saw that it's almost lunchtime. Yay.  Not so much yay for lunch, as yay for not eating anything or even thinking about eating.  I know it's weird to be congratulating myself for a mere hour-and-a-half without eating, but whenever I try to diet, I immediately become obsessed with food.  I try to find a lot of no-cal food so I can eat constantly. Which doesn't work, because I'm still thinking about food and eating it, which doesn't break the habit or pattern or whatever it is.  Although - I'm not going to natter on about my disordered eating patterns, because I don't have any.  Yeah, fine, I'm going to eat less in order to lose weight, and to do that I will have to pull some head games on myself, but the point is that the dieting itself is the disordered eating pattern. So of course it's difficult to make myself behave that way.  This is not about wiping out bad patterns and learning to eat normally.  This is about wiping out normal patterns and learning to eat badly.  Maybe that's why there is such a psychology and industry involved in weight loss.  You have to force yourself to behave abnormally to lose weight, but somehow fool yourself that it's what normal people do.  It isn't.  Normal people eat whatever they want and watch TV all day.  When they start gaining a few pounds around the holidays, they cut down on the desserts and snacking for a few months and lose some weight.  There's only two extremes of the spectrum who eat healthy food and exercise daily: athletes and fat people.  LATER.  12:46 p.m. Damn. The hvac guy came just as I was sitting down to lunch.  I ended up eating in little snatches between dealing with him.  NOT a satisfying meal.  I would have been better off to wait until he was gone and enjoy a real sit-at-the-table meal.  Ah well.  Drinking my seltzer water, and then perhaps I'll have cherry tomatoes later for my afternoon snack.  Right now I'm going to paint some more sample boards, and then perhaps more wallpaper.  2:12 p.m.  Had enough wallpaper stripping for one day.  Also painted a few samples.  As I was coming downstairs I had this little craving to eat — not because I'm hungry, but just starting to get bored without a plan for what to do next.  Will hold out until 3:30, then have cherry tomatoes.  5:19 p.m.  All going well.  Had cherry tomatoes and grapes for a snack.  I don't know how many, I didn't count them.  Maybe 12 tomatoes and 14 grapes. Excellent (Mr. Burns impression).  Cooking dinner now — baked chicken legs, baked sweet potato, and sauteed green beans. Very light on the oil with the green beans — maybe a teaspoon in the whole pan.  It occurs to me that this isn't too difficult when I have good food in the house and the time/desire to prepare it.  When it will be hard is being faced with fast food or grazing on whatever crap is easy to eat.  The smart thing to do on days like that would be to have soup for dinner, or a tuna sandwich, but I think it will be too frustrating — food is such a reward, I won't be happy with a crappy dinner.  Perhaps I'd better make something yummy that I can keep in the freezer for just such an event.  I can see it is very important to make your lifestyle support the diet.  You have to plan and carry out the plan.  Like making sure to shop, preparing the good food, planning ahead for emergencies, avoiding the dangerous situations.  For me, one bad situation is boredom.  I have to find some other kinds of sensory input to take the place of food.  This is funny how I'm writing in here every couple hours.  I'm all for it, if it helps me get through, but it's funny how reporting in makes me feel better.  It makes me feel like someone else cares, even though that someone is really me. Also, I'm starting to be impressed with myself, and have some pride invested in being able to do this, so I enjoy writing about it.  Yeah, I know I'm only half through the second day, but it's a big deal.  It's like being half through the second day of quitting smoking — I had never gone that long without a cigarette since I started!  So far my feeling has been mostly "well, this is going pretty well" tinged with a little bit of "when is the hammer going to fall?"  I really want to be able to do this for a week, and I so do not want to "cheat" and rationalize it to myself.  I want to really be able to do this.  So I have to totally buy into it.  I can't have a little part of my brain saying "you don't really want to do this" or "you can't do it so quit now."  It's frightening how divided my own brain can be, and how many conflicting attitudes and opinions I hold concurrently.  One level will be doing X while another level will try to undermine X.  And probably several more levels doing incompatible things.  It's so much like quitting smoking. I'm not sure when I REALLY committed to doing it — certainly not at the beginning. Sure, one part of me wanted to quit, but another part didn't, in a big way.  For a lot of the time, I felt like I was just going through the motions, and waiting for this little charade to end so I could smoke again. Me and the ciggies, together at last.  Hey, maybe that's why this time I will be able to lose weight.  Maybe this is finally the "right" time.  With the smoking, I had to try several times, and somehow finally all the right things came together at once.  It's not that the last time was so different from the other times, just that I had all the tools together at one time.  So maybe this will be like that.  That would be so nice.  One of the things I really hate about trying to lose weight and not making it, is that I'm in a constant state of failure. Which is not good for the morale.  That's one of the reasons I quit trying — it's better to be fat than to be suffering and struggling and failing like that.  I can put up with a LOT of suffering, but not when it's so pointless and I have the complete power to end it instantly. 
    
    


    
       OK, so here is Monday, Day 1 of embracing the idea that maybe I'm eating too much. Oh, how I hate that idea, but blah blah blah, get over it.  Well, no, first I want to justify myself one more time, and then I'll settle down to the suffering quietly (yeah, right). So here's the thing - I don't eat any more than normal-weight people I've observed.  I eat a very normal, middle-of-the-road amount of food.  With women it's very hard to tell what they're really eating. There's those bird-like little things that have one piece of toast for breakfast and an apple and a string cheese for lunch.  Are they going home and slurping down a large pizza all by themselves to compensate, or do they continue the pattern and have half a tuna salad sandwich for dinner?  Then there's the women who eat a whole whopper, large fries and a coke, plus something from the snack machine for dessert.  Do they go home and eat the pizza, or do they spend the evening vomiting up lunch?  Anyway, I guess I've reached the conclusion that it just doesn't matter.  Maybe I don't overeat, maybe I do have a good diet, but even so it isn't helping me to lose weight.  At this point in time, there's no other way to lose weight than to eat less and exercise more.  There's just no other viable method.  So my plan is to reduce my food without starving.  Don't want to slow down the metabolism!  Here's what I'm planning:  Breakfast   Half a can of soup.   Coffee.   Juice. If I feel like it.  Morning snack   Piece of fruit or green salad.  Lunch   Probably leftovers, in small portions, to include protein and vegetables.   If not leftovers, then veggie or tuna sandwich.  Afternoon snack   The rest of the soup.  Dinner   Normal food, in small portions, with emphasis on vegetables.  Massive craving for sweets/midnight snack   Gotta look for some sort of low-fat, low-cal, low-sugar dessert    that is delicious and satisfying. Yeah, that'll be easy to find.  I ordered the Gazelle glider yesterday.  They don't sell it in stores, but you can order from Wal-Mart online for $100 less than the infomercial.  They said delivery between January 7 and 14.  I realize I've been putting off exercise, thinking "I'll make up for it when I get the glider."  Bad thinking, obviously.  So today I need to put in some good time.  Maybe I'll watch the Royal Tannenbaums while I step.  You know, I really love some of the weight-loss web pages. I mean, Poundy, wow that girl is a good writer, no matter what she's writing about. Put Down the Donut, also good. Lose the Buddha, etc.  And I get really inspired by these sites, and I want to do one of my own, or at least keep a journal even if it's not online.  And then I think, What could I possibly write that those people haven't already covered, in a much better/funnier/more literate way?  I get all my ideas from them; I'm not the originator of ideas. But the thing that really discourages me is that I never have any progress to write about.  Then the whole journal thing becomes pointless — I'm trying to write about a subject that doesn't exist, and it's nothing but negative entries: "nothing happened."  So one thing I'm going to do, to keep my psyche up, so to speak, is to take this a week at a time.  Like, I don't think I can stand the thought of soup and deprivation for a year or two.  When I try to diet, I usually only last about a day. If that long. But I can do this for a week. If I know that at the end of the week, I can eat whatever I want, I'll be able to do it. It's like when I was quitting smoking, sometimes the only thing that kept me going was the thought of When this is all over, I will reward myself by having a cigarette.   If I can show the slightest bit of progress after a week, then I'll be able to stand the next week. And so on.  Not sure that will work, though. If I am able to lose two pounds in a week, it won't even show on me. I suspect I'll have to commit to a month before I see any results, and I'm not sure I can do that.   That's kind of pathetic, what I just wrote.  Like I can't curb my intake for a whole month, how weak.  LATER.  So far so good. It's 1:22 p.m. of Day One, and so far have kept to the plan. Yep. Got several hours under my belt here.  Had 1/2 can soup for breakfast. Exercised for one freaking hour. One hour. Had a glass of tomato juice. Moved some books around. Went to Kmart and bought storage boxes. Took the videos back. Went grocery shopping and bought a bunch of good food. It was SO hard to pass by the candy aisle. Seriously. Now that I'm allowing this concept of "maybe I shouldn't eat so much" I am stunned by how difficult it is to moderate food. For the past several weeks, I've had it in the back of my mind that I was going to eat less, and I'd do okay for one meal, and then suddenly find myself with a Whopper in my hand. And I'd think, that's okay, I hardly ever eat stuff like this. And then I realized how often I've been saying that to myself.  The exceptions have become the rule. So weight loss or not, it's time to be eating higher quality food.  So the rest of my Quiznos sandwich for lunch, and a glass of new raspberry-flavored seltzer water. Which, by the way, exploded all over the front of my blouse, the counter, and the cabinets when I opened it. Very fizzy stuff, seltzer water.  I feel quite full, so hopefully I'll get through the afternoon on plan.  I guess I'm not going to work today, so I'll try to be productive at home.  I was so so slothful over Christmas, and it's started to make me feel weaselly.  Maybe I'll even pack up some stuff in the storage boxes. It could happen.  LATER. It's 3:24 on Day One. Still good.  Haven't eaten anything since lunch. Actually, I'm still full.  Drinking my sodium-free seltzer water, which is rather filling, or perhaps bloating is the right word. Whatever, as long as it keeps my mind off eating.  I can see that's going to be important — it's not a matter of finding super low-cal food that you can stuff your face with all day, rather it's important to break the habit of needing to stuff your face all day.  I haven't packed anything, but I did assemble one box.  Now I'm ripping down the wallpaper in the guest bathroom. There's still SO much to do before the house is ready to sell.  We've only crossed a few things off the list.  LATER.  5:28 p.m. of Day One.  Still doing okay.  Haven't eaten since lunch — I wasn't hungry for my afternoon snack. I'm treating myself to a glass of wine (thinned with seltzer).  Making chicken wings and broccoli for dinner.  I will make some kind of sauce or dip or whatever with no-fat yogurt for the broccoli, so I can avoid the lemon butter.  Being busy all day definitely helped — I want to snack when I'm bored.  Also, puttering around like that does count toward burning the calories. I'm really looking forward to the glider.  My knees are a little iffy sometimes with the stepping, but even more than that, it makes my feet hurt.  The impact seems to be cumulative, because after I've done a lot of stepping, my legs and butt fall asleep when I go to bed. 
    
    


    
       10:28 a.m. Saturday, Day 34.   Oh, my numbers from yesterday suck.  What a bad week it’s been.  I’m over the tppw number with two full days to go. I can only have 1700 calories each day to stay under oppw. On the plus side, I learned you can eat a LOT of sushi for very low calories. I’ll just try to do better today, and hopefully next week will be easier.  I haven’t fallen off the horse at all, just not doing as well as I want. And speaking of calories. Orange juice? It sucks.  Way too many calories. Juice is not a good deal, the actual fruit is much better.  I will try to have shrimp salad for dinner tonight.   3:51 p.m. I had to eat the damned pasta stir fry for lunch, there wasn’t anything else.  It tastes great, the problem is that it’s awfully high in calories. Even a small portion is pretty high and it’s not very filling. No more pasta.  Ever.  In good news, when I put on my “regular” jeans right from the dryer, they were almost loose. That was a pleasant surprise. 
    
    


    
       6:53 a.m. Friday, Day 33.  Yesterday wasn’t as bad as it could have been.  I’m holding onto that.   I restrained myself heavily with the stir fry. No more pasta, ever. Never.  If I’m going to have that many useless carbs, then I want it in the form of alcohol. Which I also had.  Why has this week been so hard? Yeah, I keep asking that and coming up with the same answers: boredom and hormones. Or something. So let’s just drop it. I’m doing the best I can, and it’s not all that bad, anyway. I’m doing a B- instead of the A+ I want, but I still get on the honor roll. Not the best analogy I’ve ever come up with, but it will do.  In other news, there’s something wrong with my eyes.  I thought it was the monitor, because it’s all flickery, especially around the edges. If I focus on something reflected on the glass, the flickering disappears. But I noticed the same thing happen on the PC. Also the light in the room seems to be flickering to me, I thought the lightbulb was loose until I turned around and stared at it, and it’s fine.  It’s something that’s happening with my peripheral vision.  I don’t know if I need to panic yet.  Hoping for a better day today.  I found a great snack, frozen blueberries.  They’re wonderful frozen, a great texture, and you can eat a buttload of them for very few calories, but good fiber. Also I believe they are chock full o’ antioxidants.  Haven’t heard from Daisy for over a week, which is always depressing. The last time this happened, I decided to wait her out. I hate always being the needy one calling her three times a day. Yeah, so the last time I waited her out, it was more than two weeks, and I ended up calling her anyway.  Damn, I don’t want to be clingy, but somehow she’s my only friend. Which can’t be good, but I like her so much better than anyone else that when I’m with other people I want to be with her. I think she’s my boyfriend.  Been reading a lot of weight loss blogs.  It helps.  Something that a lot of people do is list a bunch of rewards they get when they reach a certain weight. Should I do that?  Like, when I can wear the Measurement Pants, can I buy myself something? Or give myself an outing of some sort?  Yes. I think I should. And perhaps I should look a few more pounds into the future. And also, I need to go eat breakfast. It’s almost 8:00, I’ve been surfing and nattering for an hour.  At least I’m feeling better today. More optimistic.  9:39 a.m. Just did twenty minutes of the Cindy Crawford video and it KILLED me. I don’t know how I used to get through that thing. It’s miserable. I’m going to glide for 15 minutes or so now, make sure I burn some calories.  10:06 a.m. 200 calories on the glider.  I’m tired!  Going to have a quick shower, a little snackie, and then I have to get the videos back by noon.  The roads are all good as soon as you get out of the subdivision, so that’s my only worry. Should be fine.  12:29 p.m. Back from the video store, no problem driving. Also picked up a tile sample at Home Despot. Vinyl tile for the kitchen. Not so good, I think the beige is better.  Had a couple three lettuce wraps with hummus and cherry tomatoes. Not bad, but not enough food for sure. I’m going to let it digest a little bit and drink some water, and then I’ll see what else to eat.  Finally gave in and called Daisy. She was at work (gack!) and says Dotty was laid off this morning. With no notice, just pack up your stuff and get out. Although, who knows the whole story. Pretty gross, though, no matter what. That place sucks. Which I might have mentioned before.  1:35 p.m. Had a burrito for lunch.  It’s more calories than I wanted to have, but the best choice out of what’s available.  I can’t get away from my journal today, it’s my lifeline. But I can’t seem to get any interest or enthusiasm for doing anything. I’m so listless recently. Doldrums.  I think I need something good to happen, to give me a little boost. Like for one of my tables to sell, or to actually lose some weight. I need a little encouragement.  3:40 p.m. Bored. That’s what it is.  I need a project to do. I haven’t painted anything in forever, and I’m never happy when I’m not painting.  4:44 p.m.  Just did another 38 minutes on the glider, bringing my calories burned to 500. Well, counting Cindy Crawford, it’s 718 today.  I’m glad to have done it — it kept me from getting too squirrelly, kept me from snacking, and will compensate somewhat for the drinks and possibly sushi I plan on having tonight. I don’t feel nearly so hungry, either. And I want to point out that it’s almost 5:00 on a drinking night, and I haven’t drank yet. Which is good.  That’s one reason I’ve been drinking so much is that I’m starting too early.  If I have one drink an hour (my average rate), but start at 2 p.m., well, it’s pretty easy to have six or seven drinks.  I think I like this idea of adding different exercise to the glider.  I have to introduce some variety. That’s why I wanted the library of workout tapes, so I can do a little something different every day.  Maybe I’ll even buy a couple more. I kind of want to try The Firm, but I doubt very much that I can do any of it. I also doubt I will be able to stand the tapes, because I HATE the commercials.  Those women look like Barbies. OK, so The Firm is out.  Also probably Richard Simmons. I like the level of effort in the Dancing to the Oldies tape, but I hate the music. Maybe if I can preview what songs are on a particular tape, I might buy it. 
    
    


    
       7:03 a.m. Thursday, Day 32.  Okay, yesterday sucked.  I had a lot of good talk about the almonds, but then I went and had extra chicken at lunch, too many pistachios, too much wine, and extra pork chop.  Totally out of control.  It's just been driving me this week, I really really want to sit down and eat a LOT. In one sitting.  It almost doesn't matter what the food is, I just want to eat until I feel really full.  I want to SNACK. What's going on?  Is it the boredom, is it hormonal, is it the diet catching up with me?  Am I simply not eating enough, and my body is very strongly urging me to have some food? And if so, which of us is right, me or the body?  I mean, is the body guiding me toward health, or is it trying to trick me into more fat-producing patterns? Gah.  Well, in semi-good news, I finally weighed the pork chops we've been having, and as I suspected, I am WAY overestimating their size. They're only three ounces, barely, not four ounces. So here is my new official chart for the pork chops:  1 pork chop from the whole loin: calories	268; protein grams	23; carbs	0; fat	18; fiber	0.  It's only semi good because although it means I have been eating fewer calories than I thought, that leads me to the idea of why I'm not losing weight faster.  A line of thought I'd better not explore right now, or I'll quit dieting.  I hope it's OK I'm calling this a diet. It's not really, you can see by my charts [offline] that I'm eating a reasonable amount of food, and a great variety of it.  But I am eating less than I used to, so I'll call that a diet for the sake of brevity.  Not sure I'm going to the art museum today. I kind of don't feel like it, even after being cooped up in the house so long.  I hardly did a damned thing for the last five days, and want to get something accomplished.  Found a couple web pages I like, SkinnyCat and Mr. Ointy. Most of these blogs are people doing WW, so they talk about Points all the time, but I'm getting a lot out of them.  One thing I like is that they have, for the most part, realistic weight loss scenarios.  They lose a pound or two at a time, they occasionally regress, it takes them a couple-three years.  So that way I know that I'm not totally fucked up and unique. On Mr. Ointy she says something about starting to feel guilty about wanting to eat food, even when she doesn't eat it.  Yeah, I've been feeling like that too.  I've been obsessing and freaking out over my daily totals, even when they are well within the oppw range. I feel like my eating is out of control, even when I don't actually eat anything, because I WANT to eat so much. THAT is what I don't like about dieting - it's an eating disorder.  10:37 a.m. Well. I did weights, gliding, and yoga, for a total of 60 minutes. That sounds pretty good.  Can’t say I liked the yoga; I can barely do it, so I find myself lying on the floor waiting for her to move on to the next position. So I gave myself low calories for it since I had a lot of idle time.  I’m pretty hungry, but going to try to wait until 11:15 for a snack, so that I’m not eating immediately after exercising. Then I’ll have late lunch, 12:30 or 1:00. Then snack at 3:00. Sounds good to me. I also got my McN sales letter in the mail. Keeping my fingers crossed, it would RULE if something came of that. Finished watching Blue Crush, excellent movie! And I’ve taped Deadly Summer to watch for the next few days.  11:34 a.m. Little snack of carrot and pistachios. Also made some hummus. Not sure what a serving would be. I’m thinking about three tablespoons, which is sufficient for a sandwich or to dip carrots in. So I’ll estimate that as about 1.5 ounces:  3 tbsp hummus: calories	62; protein 2.4; carbs	7; fat	3.1; fiber	2.4  12:18 p.m. I’m still hungry and snack-wanting today.  I think getting the pistachios was a bad idea. They’re pretty high in calories and fat, and an ounce of them is not at all satisfying, it just leads me to want more. Fortunately I don’t have many here; I put up about five servings in baggies and sent the rest with Bucko to work.  I’ve got to keep busy today, keep my mind off food.  4:12 p.m. Gaahh, I’m still having a terrible time keeping away from the food!  I hope I can last until dinner.  I just had a handful of cherry tomatoes for my afternoon snack, and I suspect I will have a carrot too.  The pistachios are haunting me. At least I was honest and recorded them, but I think I might have to send the rest to work with Bucko.  I can’t eat 22 of them. I need to eat about 80.  I haven’t even planned dinner, I’m trying to avoid food as much as I can.  I hope I’m going to get over this soon, because if it keeps on this way I will absolutely have to binge.  I am all OK with going out to dinner or something to have a little celebration, but I’d like to save it for Week 6, or preferably Month Three.  I’m only four days into Month Two!  And if that’s not bad enough, I decided to take my measurements.  I knew it would be bad, but this was really frightening.  It was so bad, I only did my waist and hips, and then gave up. Which, by the way, ARE THE SAME MEASUREMENT.   Oh.  My.  God.   I hate, absolutely hate, completely and furiously and determinedly hate, the way my stupid stomach has grown so big.  Not only is it unattractive as hell, it is OF COURSE, the most dangerous type of fat to have.  Most women gain in their butts, which does not pose the health risk of stomach fat, which is partly why women live longer. But me? Oh no.  No no no, I have to get the BAD fat. Of course.   So. Here I will write what must be the most humiliating item I will ever write in this journal. The only reason I CAN write it is the hope, however small, that someday I will look at this number as a marathon runner looks back at the starting line. As simply the way to measure how far one has come. That number is my waist AND hip measurement. My wip. My haist. My one-number-for-all-body-parts-is-ever-so-much-more-convenient number. My-body-is-shaped-like-a-fat-cylinder number, or possibly like-a-watermelon-stood-on-end number. That number is:  45 inches.   I had toyed with the idea of taking some reference photos of myself, so I could see the change over time, but now I’m thinking that would be simply too horrible. 
    
    


    
       7:24 a.m. Wednesday, Day 31.  Another day in the house. Bucko may try to go to work, but I'm not budging. Be surprised if I could get out of the neighborhood.  So yesterday was mediocre.  My total calories aren't that bad, it's just that I felt such pressure to snack.  Right before I went to bed I had another drumstick. I read somewhere that it's good to have a 100-calories protein snack right before bed, I guess it helps your body repair during the night and not burn muscle. Perhaps, but it also gave me intense, movie-like dreams all night. All about vampires. They weren't quite nightmares, just a little uneasy. Like, I'm never going to be RELAXED around vampires, you know? Even when they swear they aren't going to bite me.  I'm looking at this website, www.reneesgarden.com, that sells gourmet and heirloom seeds. Flowers, vegetables, herbs.  It's a nice page, sort of "old-fashioned" in design, kind of 1998.  I like it.  I won't be able to have a garden this year, but I'm hoping for next year, after we've moved. Maybe we'll have a yard that's better set up (sun) for growing things. I've wanted a kitchen herb garden for years.  I guess I want to sort of be a little hippie woman, puttering around my house nude, growing herbs, and making art. Ah.  Hoping today goes better. I feel better. I think it was looking at those lovely seeds. You see, the power of the mind is amazing. Completely changed my mood by visualizing being a naked hippie woman in the garden.  I need to defrost some meat for today. And figure out how to cook that spaghetti squash. That stuff is weird.  So anyway, I'm feeling pretty good, but I must say I want a further proof of weight loss. The Measurement Pants are too tricksy; I can't rely on them to be consistent. The ring is not bad, but I want more. I want to know that I am CONTINUING to lose weight.  I feel like I'm in a vacuum, where results are disconnected from effort, and that's when I get discouraged.  I'm looking back over my previous entries, and I see that I didn't notice any change until Day Ten. That's when I felt pretty sure I had lost some weight, because of the Measurement Pants.  Then they were tight again until Day 22.  Hmm. Is this going to run in ten or eleven-day cycles?  Better try them on today.  9:54 a.m. 50 minutes on the glider, and 415 calories. Watched half of Blue Crush. Not a bad movie - great music, great surfing shots.  I can't even imagine doing something like that. At my fittest, I would never have attempted it. On the other hand, I don't know when my "fittest" was.  When I weighed the least is not necessarily the same thing.  Glad I started using that postal scale to weigh food.  I had a tiny handful of sunflower seeds, and the smallest measurement for them in the Netzer book is 1 ounce. So I figured, yeah I probably ate an ounce. For 170 calories! No way!  I measured it on the scale, and my portion was no more than a quarter of an ounce. Big difference.  The sun is out today, and that will make all the difference in my mood. Much happier. I hope I can keep myself busy.  I will print out that McN. letter and get it ready for the mail tomorrow.  Not sure what else I will do. Perhaps pack more. Bleh.  Here's something else I just realized — I have to engage in deliberate, healthy snacking. There's no doubt that 5 or 6 small meals is a much healthier, fat-loss-promoting way to eat.  I've been hard on myself for snacking because I'm trying to limit the overall quantity of food I eat, and especially unplanned, uncontrolled eating.  I need to make the snacks planned and controlled.  AND I think I need to cut my gliding down to about 45 minutes tops, and then do 15 minutes of some other type of exercise.  I don't want to do weights every day, but I could dance, or do Cindy Crawford, or pilates, or whatever. Also: wait one hour after workout before eating.  1:46 p.m. Made it to the store, roads are variable.  First I have to write that I bought chocolate covered almonds and ate them.  They were delicious. I suppose I should feel guilty or something, but I don't.  Apparently I really needed that, now I've had it, and everything is fine.  I didn't need to eat half a pound, it hasn't put me on a binge, I don't need to eat more.  I'm happy with what I had, without it inspiring greater need. And that is progress for me. 
    
    


    
       8:09 a.m. Tuesday, Day 30.  Looks like another day in the house - the ice storm has been less severe than predicted, but it has lasted a lot longer. So far we've kept power, which is the most important thing. But the roads are impassable, so we'll be in here at least until tomorrow. We have food for a couple more days, probably even 4-5 days if I'm creative, so that's not a worry. But almost out of fresh vegetables, which sucks. Only one apple left and one banana.  I had a really hard time not snacking yesterday. Look how high my calories are, for a non-drinking day. I even ate pretzels. Fortunately, I just took a very small handful out of the bag, put the bag away, then sat down to eat them. I think it's 90% boredom and maybe 10% undereating (considering all the exercise).  I will have to keep busier today, somehow. And if I need to eat, I will eat. But I'll eat good food, not crap. That's a winning plan. Yesterday was also hard because Bucko was on the computer all day.  I'm going to move this over to the PC again today. Bah.  In good news, I did that letter to G. McN yesterday. It finally flowed from my brain relatively easily.  I emailed it to Daisy, in case she has time to look at it, and I will send it out whenever the weather is better (no mail). I really want him to get "first crack" at my stuff before I end up taking it to the E.G. That 50-50 split is not going to work.  1:45 p.m. Fighting a great urge to snack. I'm definitely bored. There are things I could do, should do, but don't want to do. Housework. More packing. At least I did some grouting in the guest bathroom. Can't quite finish, though, because we have the tub filled with water, and I need to get into it to do the shower area. Put my tools in my new toolbox. I'll use the old one for oil paints. I'm taping a couple painting shows on PBS, and eventually I'll actually paint something. I'm thinking a Bob Ross landscape, a still life, and then perhaps that visual translation of a poem thingie. I had a bit more lunch that I should have, perhaps. A pork chop AND a drumstick. Ah well, I kept it to one of each, when I felt like I could eat six or seven.  Some leftover peas and corn. Nothing exciting, but it's only 2 p.m. and I'm up to 857 calories already. Grr.  I suspect I am overestimating the pork chops, because they are quite small, but then again, probably I miss a few other calories here and there, so perhaps it all evens out. Anyway, I don't like to be this far in my calories when I'm having a major snack-desiring day. Must drink a LOT of water!  I'll have to eat pickles and carrots and cucumbers and other almost-no-cal food today.  And perhaps have the shrimp salad for dinner - that's so few calories for what you're getting.  I remembered a carrot from yesterday, and had to go put it into the chart. Only 30 calories, but still, I don't like how my numbers crept up yesterday.  It seems to be from the snacking. Morning AND afternoon snacks.  I keep saying it's from the boredom, but I'm not sure if it's also from the exercise.  I don't want to starve myself, I want to keep my metabolism up, so I do actually have to be concerned with not eating enough.  It looks very well-rounded, though.  I haven't yet hit my goal for tppw - 1303 calories - and I'm starting to think I never well.  That's just not enough food.  Also I'm concerned that I'm not eating enough fiber. I want about 14 grams, and I'm doing more like 4 or 5 grams.  The carrots are pretty high in fiber for the calories, so maybe I'll eat those more frequently. Also beans and nuts.  I'm going to start using that postage scale for weighing dry foods.  It's too hard to estimate sometimes - and I want to start using a trick I saw on Drop the Donut, which is to divide up food into portions, and put them in separate sandwich bags. So you know what you're getting. How many pistachios in an ounce? I have no idea. 10? 50?  Bucko is upstairs working out, and I am so happy. Not only do I get to use the Mac, but I am thrilled he is exercising. As fat as I am, I'm starting to be more concerned about his health. He is just so sedentary.  I'm trying to get him to use the glider, for cardiovascular exercise, but he doesn't seem to have taken to it. Ah ha, I have to take that back, he just put in about 10 minutes on it. Yay!  7:37 p.m.  Drinking my last glass of water for the day. I got most of it in early, and then forgot about it in the afternoon.  Had a giant dinner of grilled shrimp salad, with mangoes and also chicken breast.  I couldn't help snacking tonight, but limited myself to three ritz crackers. If I can stop here, it will be fine, I'm still only at 1596.  Not great, but not bad.  I think I might be getting that "we're running out of food so I want to eat it all" panic feeling.  I know I won't be able to get to the store tomorrow, the roads are still so bad. We have enough food for another day or two, but we're out of fresh stuff and really yummy stuff. Well, I'm not going to beat myself up for it, my huge binge today was much less than it would have been a month ago. So, three crackers and an extra drumstick, BFD. That's a pretty well-controlled binge. 
    
    


    
       7:40 a.m. Monday, Day 29. WELCOME TO MONTH TWO!  Week Five. I can't believe it. I can't believe I got through a whole month without falling off the horse, without "cheating," without going crazy, and most of all that I'm preparing to do it for at least another month.  I'm hoping I can do even better this month. Especially in this area: drink more water and less alcohol.  My yesterday's numbers are probably a little off.  I ate 8 more black olives after I filled out my numbers, and also ate somewhat more steak fries than the serving those numbers are based on.  It just seems like too much work to redo all my numbers for a lousy 50-60 calories. Sigh. Well, you know of course I'm going to do it.  Okay, I'm back, I did it.  It was 68 calories, not a huge amount. I also want to make sure I lift weights more often this month.  I notice that I am looking flabbier than usual.  Isn't that weird — that when I weigh less I should actually look fatter?  At any rate, I think that's a good indication that I need to build some muscle. Oh my. Look how I'm writing about having lost weight, as though it's definitely true.  And it probably is.  It's just that I can't quite believe it.  I think I will truly believe it on the day I can wear the Measurement Pants outside the house.  8:51 a.m. Just finished 20 minutes of TotalGym and lifting small weights. Whew!  We have the heat turned up pretty high so that if/when the power goes out, we might stay warm a little longer, and it's uncomfortable in here. I only have the heat at 68 degrees — I don't know how people can stand it at 70 and 72. Trying to drink another glass of water before I start gliding.   10:57 a.m. Finished 50 minutes on the glider, with 406 calories burned. It was exhausting, which is probably attributable to the weight lifting I did first. I'm on my seventh glass of water already, yay. And had a great snack of an apple with no-fat unflavored yogurt, cinnamon, and vanilla. Saw it on Dr. Phil, and it's pretty good. I'm fairly hungry today, looking forward to lunch, but happy I already met two of this week's goals, weightlifting and drinking water. And of course, gliding and dieting.  We are snowed in for today and possibly tomorrow, so Bucko has been using the computer a lot and it was driving me CRAZY that I couldn't get to my journal. I am seriously dependent on this thing.  I must write down my every thought, no matter how trivial.  Tried on the Measurement Pants AGAIN.  I must stop doing that. They were tighter than I remembered last time, but it's not a good scientific system.  I know I should only try them on once a week.  I know I'll give in to the temptation, but maybe I can at least put it off until Friday.  1:33 p.m. Apparently the worst of the ice storm is yet to hit. Bad news.  I'm getting a little stir crazy! 
    
    


    
       7:59 a.m. Sunday, Day 28.  Yep, that's right. The last day of Week Four. One whole month done. Incredible.  Yes, let's talk about last night and get that out of the way. That was quite the big blow-out for me.  2268 calories, most of it in liquid form.  We went to Portobello for drinks and dessert.  I chose the blueberry sorbet, which was probably only half the calories of anything else on the tray, and also delicious and weirdly my first choice, but then I got a fancy coffee drink.  I really don't know how to count that, the coffee itself has no calories, but she put a shot of liquor in it, and some whipped cream on top. But the whipped cream was from a can, so it has a lot of air in it. So, whatever, I made a blind guess.  That was my big celebration for the end of four weeks, and I think it was pretty good.  I could have had pizza and brownies and ended up with a total in the 4000-5000 range, so in fact it was pretty moderate. However, it will ruin my calories-per-day average, which was quite low otherwise this week.   In other good news, the wedding ring is still fitting, and my newish jeans seemed pretty loose yesterday.  When I bought them a couple months ago, they fit snugly. Now they're starting to sag in the front, similarly to the way my old jeans do. Daisy talked me into trying another month, back when I was bloated and concerned I hadn't lost any weight, but now I'm definitely going to do it anyway. I suspect I am hovering at being able to wear a 24 again; what if I do this for another month and fit into a 22? That would be significant. My dream is to fit a 12. Then I could buy clothes ANYwhere.  We're supposed to have an ice storm this afternoon and evening.  I'd better cook a bunch of food today, because we'll almost certainly lose power. Grrr.  I don't remember EVER losing power in Colorado.  The good news is it's supposed to get above freezing tomorrow, so the damage will be limited. They will (should) be able to get the power back on faster than last time.  10:05 a.m.  I'm going around preparing for the power out — filling up bathtubs, doing laundry, washing dishes, cooking food.  I probably won't be able to write in here much longer, it would be safest to turn off the computers. So I'll have to scribble by hand for a day or two. Goodbye, dearest journal! Mmmmwwaaah! (kissy gesture).  10:53 a.m. Ha ha, the power is still on. I've got everything done except the cooking, which is in progress.  Already bored with this whole storm thing. I closed off the bedrooms upstairs and turned off the vents in those rooms. Turned the heat up a little so that when it goes out, we might keep warm a little longer. Now I don't know what to do, I feel like I'm just sitting around waiting. Perhaps I will try to clean up more of the office. 
    
    


    
       7:39 a.m. Saturday, Day 27.  Two more days left in Week Four.  My numbers yesterday are terrible, so good thing for all that exercise!!  MUST do better today. Which won't be easy, seeing as it's a Saturday. We'll see. I'm still planning on some chocolate, either today or tomorrow.  I'd like to get some of that Skinny Cow ice cream sandwiches, but they come in a big package of six or either. I don't want that many in the freezer, I'll eat them every day.  Not sure I can justify buying the package, eating one, and throwing the rest away.  9:56 a.m. Still full from breakfast. Had some sort of steak-and-mushroom soup, which is 20 calories more than the chicken rice, but way more filling.  Probably worth the extra.  Note: need to increase fiber a LOT. By about double. I don't like most grains, and also most are too high in calories, so I'll have to do some investigating. Also get some almonds. They're worth the calories. And some frozen strawberries.  4:01 p.m. Just back from shopping for shoes, pillows, caulk, and casters. Took all freaking day, and I'm exhausted. And thirsty. Had a fantastic lunch at Greek Fiesta in the FOM, but it was very salty.  
    
    


    
       6:17 a.m. Friday, Day 26.  Three more days in Week Four.  After the first couple days of this, it seems to have flown by.  I can say I definitely lost weight, but not very much.  My calculations give me a pound and a half a week, so in this period I should have lost 6 pounds, and I don't think it's been that much. Maybe only 3 or 4 pounds. Well, hell, it's impossible to tell.  I just thought 6 pounds would feel more apparent.  I have some proofs that I lost weight — the Measurement Pants, the wedding ring, so that's good, I just want it to be more.  However, I will not obsess too much on that. For two reasons: I don't want to be a scale queen, and also because it's GOOD to lose weight slowly.  I have a better chance of my skin shrinking along with my body, it puts less stress on every part of my body, and it's maintainable.  Crash dieting to lose quickly is useless.  Thinking about goals today.  I set my short-term goal to lose 10% of my weight, which should be around 26 pounds. Damn, that's a lot!  That's as much as some people need to lose in total!  So... my long-term goal is to lose 110 pounds. Jeez. Again, that's as much as some people weigh!  Anyway, that puts me at 150, which I think is a pretty good weight for me. When I get there, I can see how it feels.  So, that's four and a quarter "units" of 26 pounds.  I need to do this slightly more than four times. Which will take me approximately 14 months. Yikes!  That's a little intimidating, considering that most people lose weight quickest at the beginning!  I can only hope I don't fit the norm, and start losing weight faster. Yeah, I know a really good way to do that would be to stop drinking so much!  Well, one thing at a time, peoples.  It will come.  Reading some more food entries on FitDay.  The one I looked at today seems more realistic than the others.  She seems to eat a normal amount and type of food. Not all that Smart Ones crap.  I know that stuff is easy and fast, but it's expensive and crappy.  That's the dilemma with food choices; it can be healthy, cheap, tasty, easy to make.  But you can only have two out of the four.  I'm hoping for a more relaxed day today.  I have a little bit of work, which I will try to get out of the way after my workout. Then maybe I'll have energy to do something around the house. And try to delay drinking.  That's my problem with Drinking Day, I start it too early.  When it's not drinking day, I have one or two small drinks. Yes, I know I'm not supposed to drink AT ALL on non drinking days, thank you very much. Anyway, it's sooooo nice to sit down with a glass of wine in the late afternoon, chopping up vegetables for dinner and watching Oprah. It's so cozy. I'm hoping if I delay that a few hours, I'll end up drinking less overall. It's worth a try.  9:43 a.m. Did a few minutes of lifting small weights before gliding. whoo hoo! 55 minutes on the glider, not bad.  Now I am truly starving, and will have a banana for a snackie. And more water. More more more.  12:15 p.m.  Had a lovely lunch of two stuffed zucchini halves and an ounce of cheese. How do I know it was an ounce, you ask? Because I weighed it on the postage scale. Hee.  And I can tell you, cheese is not worth it. Over a hundred calories for an ounce!  I'd rather have chocolate. Which I might do this weekend, by the way. A little one-month celebration.  I've written 67 pages in this month, which is more than the entire previous year.  I thought I would slack off with the journal, but it's still important to me.  It's not just a record, it's actually helping me control.  It's a tool, if you will.  Who would have thought?  I got some of the office sorted out and packed up. We just have too damned much stuff. I mean, dammit.  And yet I can't seem to throw it away.  Now it's 1:07, and it looks worse than when I started.  I guess the problem is that we have two or three businesses going on.  I work at home on the computer, I paint at home, Bucko does video production at home... this is why we need to move.  If all this stuff was in a big ass bonus room that you didn't see from the rest of the house, then it wouldn't matter. I'd just build floor-to-ceiling shelves and be done with it.  Starting to crave a drink already.  I think I'd better do some more gliding today — both to delay the drinking and to work off the calories. And I need to get off the computer, except for writing in here.  I've spent all morning downloading documents. Bah.  Also, just got a good look at myself in the mirror, and am completely horrified. How is it possible I'm this fat?   I'm so scared at how far I have to go.  And sad about going to Tahiti looking and feeling like this.  I tried, or thought I tried, to lose weight for the past year, and if only I had been able to work at it this hard, I might be 80 pounds lighter by now.  It makes me think of all the "make it or break it" deadlines I used to give myself. "You HAVE TO lose weight before you start Junior High, or your whole life will be ruined." "You MUST lose weight before your wedding or your whole life will be ruined."  Sad part is, I was partly right.  I don't say my life was RUINED, but it was sure heavily affected by my weight in a very negative way.  It's stopped me from doing so many things.  Partly because of my own self-confidence and partly in a physical sense.  So now I have a lot more self-confidence and am willing to do things whether I'm fat or not, but it's too little too late.  Well, no, as long as you're alive it's not too late for anything, but I can't help but think how my life would have been different...  in a movie, we'd dissolve into a dream/fantasy sequence here where I had this fantastic, glamorous, utterly absurd life, and then after a while a bunch of annoying, stupid things would happen to shatter the image.  3:23 p.m. Whew!  I just did another 45 or so minutes on the glider, and another 460 calories, to buy myself two martinis!  I'm not sure of the time, because apparently it turns over after a certain amount. When I finished it said I had gone 10 minutes, which makes no sense. My brain is too numb to figure it out, but next time I glide I won't reset the clock, and I'll just see where it turns over. Anyway, I don't know if this is clever or me, or totally disordered, but since I know I'm going to drink tonight, I might as well work off the calories, rather than drink tonight and not work off the calories.  I'm going to finish my glass of water, then go make myself a delicious martini, and sit down and enjoy it without guilt. And then I really really need a shower. Can I start subtracting my exercise calories from those I ate?  Is that fair?  Like today I've exercised more calories than I've eaten, so far.  By the end of the day, can I subtract 1001 exercise calories from, say, 1720 eaten calories, for a total of 719 calories today? Or is that cheating or delusional?  Tomorrow I might actually take my measurements.  Yeah, yuck.  I hate to see those gigantic numbers. But since I'm not weighing myself, it would be good to have some sort of reference. Ugh. Depressing. Gonna go have that martini now.  4:06 p.m. Weirdly, I'm thinking about Bob Hope's passing, and it makes me quite sad. It's the passing of an era, the greatest era of American history.  That generation, which survived the Great Depression and World War II, and which we hated and feared in the crazy Sixties, are people I admire and envy now. Yes, envy. There is such strength to those people, such purpose. Read Michener. Read Heinlein. You'll see it in those two, as different as they are, they're the same generation. They believe in something bigger than themselves. They believe in making themselves as strong as possible, so that the One will be stronger. That's honor. That's what I want. Yeah, I just had a martini on an empty stomach. In vino veritas.  4:43 p.m.  Not a thing to write, but I still want to be in my journal. This has become such a huge part of my life. Trying to decide what to make for dinner. I've got chicken breast and pork loin. Maybe I should make both. Some sort of stir fry. There's broccoli and zucchini.... hmm. That sounds good. I'm pretty hungry, I had to have an apple. Can you believe how well I'm doing with snacking??  At the beginning, I planned to allow myself a morning and afternoon snack, and I've rarely had either.  Although recently I've been spacing my meals out more. That is, I eat a little something for lunch, and another little something an hour later for lunch part 2.  Which is apparently the healthier way to eat, anyway. You don't feel deprived because you're eating frequently, and the small meals eaten often keep your metabolism up.  Next week I had better make sure to do more weight lifting.  This week I did a LOT of gliding, which is fine, but I am probably losing too much muscle. I need to pay more attention to the exercise part of this equation — get more variety of exercise. I know I've been saying that for years.  But, it will come.  I'm more patient with this than before. Something I've been saying for years — if it just works, I can put up with anything. And this seems to be working. Yes, I'd like it to be faster, but it IS working, so fine.  And of course, I don't really know how much I've lost. Maybe it's MORE than 2 pounds a week. How could I tell, really?  I think my body looks a bit different. Unfortunately, not in a good way, which is what tells me I need to lift weights more.  I look flabbier than I used to. More saggy. I suppose I can expect some changes along the way. I keep pulling my ring on and off to reassure myself.  Can I say that counting calories is a major pain in the ass?  It would be easier if I was buying pre-packaged food, but I cook almost everything fresh. So if I make stir-fry tonight, I have to figure out the calories for: the oil, the meat, the broccoli, the zucchini, the peppers, the garlic, the onions, etc., etc., and then divide it by whatever amount we eat as one portion. And if I have a bag of frozen peppers, for instance, it gives the calories as "one serving" of the bag, with 3.5 servings per bag. So I have to figure out THAT. Now, vegetables like that are not a huge amount of calories, so I don't have to worry about accuracy that much, but I can't just GUESS.  That would be way too inaccurate.  Unrelated thought: I don't know if it makes sense to record calories burned during weight lifting. I don't do it by amount of time or calories, I do it by reps. It's not that I'm not burning calories, it's that I consider it irrelevant to weight lifting. 
    
    


    
       6:56 a.m. Thursday, Day 25.  Halfway through Week Four.  Feel a little dragged out today; I took a whole actifed last night, to counter the drink/salt/smoke/cats of yesterday afternoon, and it knocked me out pretty good.  Dotty called me at 10 p.m. to ask about Photoshop and it woke me out of a very deep sleep. Yeah, love to play helpdesk  in the middle of the night.  Of course it's not the middle of the night, but it might as well have been.  I'm drinking a glass of water right now before I even have coffee, I'm so dehydrated from the actifed.  I have a busy morning if I want to get to the museum for the next lecture, so I will have to get through my exercise early. Watching Pirates of the Caribbean, it's great.  9:00 a.m. Did 50 minutes of gliding. For some reason I don't seem able to do an hour recently. Possibly I'm just letting myself off the hook. At any rate, any exercise is good.    1:55 p.m. Back from the art museum, video store, grocery.  And starving!  I don't have much prepared for lunch, so decided to have a couple hard boiled eggs and maybe graze through some vegetables and whatnot.  The eggs aren't as bad as I thought they would be, so that will be a treat — haven't had eggs since Christmas. I'm hoping to leave room for one or two drinks, we'll see.  I'm doing well with calories this week, really low.  I keep checking to see if I've left anything out, but no.  I guess my appetite may fluctuate, according to what? Hormones, stress, amount of sleep, amount of exercise?  Probably all those things.  I don't want to go any lower than what I've been doing this week, though.   The lecture was great — realism and impressionism.  It wasn't as clear to me as romanticism and classicism, but still interesting and wonderful to see the slides. Beautiful. She showed a slide of a Venus painting, and didn't say who it was by, it seemed like she wasn't sure. Heh heh, I knew who it was — Alexandre Cabanel.  Made me feel like a smarty pants.  I have to do some work today (feh) but I hope to work in another 15 minutes of glider. We'll see, that might not be realistic.  I have a lot of cooking to do, because I bought so many vegetables last time I can't let them rot.  Eggplant, broccoli, cauliflower, zucchini, cucumbers, and I don't even remember what all.  The whole pork loin was on sale again, for $1.57, so I bought one.  That's a bit difficult, because it's fairly high in calories, so I'll just have to work with portion control. Make a lot of side vegetables with it.  And for that price I don't always have to cook it like a chop; I can shred it up and stir fry, or grind it for meatballs, etc.  Now that's a good idea — I could mix it up with beans in the blender and make meatballs. Yum.  As much as I'm bitching about work, I'm glad to get the hours.  Things are a little tight around here, and a little scary. Tomorrow my goal is to get that letter written!  4:14 p.m.  Did another 20 minutes on the glider!  5:22 p.m. I am soooo hungry.  I didn't eat enough for lunch (just the two eggs) and it's catching up with me.  I didn't intend to skimp so much, but it just seemed like too much work to prepare anything, and there's nothing I could just reach into the refrigerator and grab.  So I never got around to it.  Now I'm so close to dinner I don't want to prepare and eat a mini-meal.  I'm drinking water to see if that will help.  6:43 p.m. Damn good dinner. That eggplant ruled.  I think I will have it for lunch tomorrow. Had sort of a sweet attack after, though, and ate 3 crackers with jelly.  It's not a major problem, since I only had three, just 88 calories.  But boy do those calories add up fast. 40 here, 120 there, and all of a sudden you're at 2000.  I'm not sure how accurate my numbers are for the pork chops.  I kind of took an average between the Netzer book and what I found online.  Since I don't have a scale, I can't know how much anything weighs, so if the numbers are given for weight, rather than size, I have to guess. 
    
    


    
       6:31 a.m. Wednesday, Day 24.  Feeling pretty good today. Slept well last night, again. Looking at my numbers for yesterday — not bad for a drinking night.  Bucko brought out a little plate of snackie cheese, actually a rather large plate, and I was remarkably restrained.  Had a few little pieces, then got out some pickles to munch on.  Good choice.  I even drank less than I wanted to, in order to keep the calories down. Excellent.  Doing some research on my BMR — basal metabolic rate.  This is how many calories I would burn while sitting and watching TV 24 hours a day.  Well, I'm paraphrasing, but one gets the idea. Here is the definition: "Your BMR, or basal metabolic rate (metabolism), is the energy (measured in calories) expended by the body at rest to maintain normal bodily functions. This continual work makes up about 60-70% of the calories we use and includes the beating of our heart, respiration, and the maintenance of body temperature. Your BMR is influenced by a number of factors, including age, weight, height, gender, environmental temperature, dieting, and exercise habits."  As always, I'm getting several answers. DIYglobal solutions says 1883, and Hussman.org says between 1636 and 1745  Those are the only two I can get to work — most of the pages seemed to be linked to some calculator or database that is malfunctioning. I keep getting 54545 as the answer. Seems unlikely.  OK, I'm going to use the average of those three, which is: 1754.  That is how many calories I need a day to support life. And, as always, the numbers don't make sense.  I am eating well below that now. I should be dead.  Perhaps I'll ignore this, and just continue eating well and exercising a lot.  In other good news, I am wearing my wedding ring again. Not the original one, but the larger one.  Ah, there's another nice measurement — if I can fit back into my original wedding and engagement rings. OK, those will be the Measurement Rings. Haven't fit into those in YEARS.  I ate breakfast a little late, considering how early I got up, and now I'm drinking water in preparation for exercising.  I realized I need to be good and hydrated first, or it will be much less effective at burning calories. However, now my stomach is all full of water and I must wait a little while before I can exercise, and this is a day I need to get going early. Oh well, I will let everything else suffer and make sure I do my exercise well. Planning on watching Pirates of the Carribean while I glide. I don't have anything ready on tape.  9:04 a.m. Finished 50 minutes on the glider. Got a higher calorie burn than yesterday; I'm not surprised if I was going faster. Yesterday was hard after the TotalGym.  I want to sit here and write all day, but I need to get ready for work pretty quick. Bah.  Also just realized I need to bring something for lunch so I don't eat a bunch of crap.  I guess I can probably put together a salad or whatnot. An apple and a tomato. Etc.  8:25 p.m. Hurray for me!  Even with drinking and eating out, I come out well on the numbers.  Below tppw!  I'm not sure about the she-crab soup; I used the biggest-calorie clam chowder I could find in the Netzer book. Should be close enough.  Also they weren't giant glasses of wine, because two of them were in a restaurant. 
    
    


    
       6:44 a.m. Tuesday, Day 23.  Feeling pretty good today. Slept well last night, that makes a big difference.  I might have to go to work today, I hope not. Definitely must go tomorrow for a meeting. Bah. Yes, it's good to get the hours, I'm pretty broke. But that won't stop me whining about it.  Thinking of that Oprah weight-loss show yesterday. One of the things she said was, you have to want to do what it takes to lose weight. We know you want to lose weight, that's not the question, but do you want to do the things that will make you lose weight?  That's about where my head is at these days, so it makes sense to me.  I mean, I wouldn't quite phrase it as "want to" do this stuff, but I'm willing to do what I have to.  I've been getting inspiration in the weirdest places. I mean, no insult to Oprah, but I don't expect to find anything meaningful in a television show. And here I found words of wisdom in the Nutty Professor, too. That's OK, I'll take the help where I get it. I might not admit to anyone else where I got it from, though.  I'm setting up my [offline] chart to start tracking exercise. Whenever I figure out my basal metabolism, then I'll start subtracting my exercise from it.  I can't do it now, because my goal calories already account for exercise. But I want to start tracking it, to make it part of this effort.  I'm still so excited about the Measurement Pants. I was so terrified that I was actually gaining weight instead of losing. But they fit me even looser (less tight, that is) than the previous loose time, so I'm not just shuttling back and forth between the same two points. I guess I can expect a learning-curve type experience with that — I go up occasionally before my period, but when I go down it's lower than the previous down. I think that's the way most people's weight goes when they diet — it rises but falls lower each time it falls. I hope.  So now I'm really looking forward to the day when I put those pants on and then just wear them out of the closet.  Thinking about clothes this morning.  I had a dream last night where I was wearing a pretty little nightie.  I've never had much interest in clothes, because I haven't been able to — I don't fit into anything nice now, and when I was younger my chest was too big and I couldn't fit into anything nice.  I think there's more realistic sizes now, though. And I wouldn't be looking in the Junior department of the store, either, so I think I would have better luck. It's not something I focus on, but it would be so nice, and such a relief, to walk into a store and be able to buy clothes without wanting to cry. Or just be able to buy clothes!  You know, that's why I'm not all feminine and girly, not because of personality but because I've never been able to be dainty and fragile. I guess I never will be, but oh it would be wonderful to buy something PRETTY.  To be able to tuck my shirt in!  I've never in my life been able to do that. Tee hee, I'm being all girly and gushy. What the hell, it's fun.  9:28 a.m. Finished 50 minutes on the glider. Just couldn't quite do 60, it was too tedious and I wasn't doing a strong workout.  I did SensibleGym first, so I imagine that had something to do with it. So that's great, I have one SensibleGym done, one to go for the week.  I tried on the Measurement Pants again before the workout, to make sure I wasn't hallucinating. No, I'm not. They're still difficult to button, but I CAN button them, and zip them, and almost wear them.  I decided to try on some houndstooth dress pants that I haven't worn in several months because I could barely barely button them, and guess what — I can button them. They're still a little tight to wear except with a long shirt, but there is obvious progress. I thought it would be good to have a secondary pair of measurement pants, but they're not going to work.  I'll have to root around for something even smaller that I might have kept. So exciting.  I'm going to have protein today for lunch, since I did SensibleGym today, but I want to increase the amount of vegetables I'm eating. I was so pleasantly surprised to see my low calorie count on high-vegetable days.  I'm going to cook some chicken now, for lunch and for Bucko's burritos, and then I'll have to face the music and deal with work. Yuck. These people are so damned annoying. I want a job where I just do my thing, and people either buy it or don't buy it. Which points to the furniture more than the murals.  I'm sick of people second-guessing what I do and coming up with suggestions and critiques. It's some kind of fun game to them, and they LOOOOVE playing art critic. (yes, I'm crabby today).    Hee hee. Just looked at my recommended weight on the calorie control council page. 115 pounds.  That is fucking ridiculous.  12:09 p.m. Yep, work was just as stupid as I thought it would be. I'm disgusted. Had a chicken breast for lunch. The Netzer book only lists chicken with skin — what's with that? So I'm going to take off 50 calories and 3 grams of fat. Hope that's semi accurate. 
    
    


    
       7:50 a.m. Monday, Day 22.  The first day of WEEK FOUR!  Feeling apprehensive - I want to see a lot of progress by the end of this week, and afraid that nothing will have changed.  My goals for this week are the same as last week - drink 7 glasses of water a day and workout on the SensibleGym twice. Didn't achieve either one last week, so here's hoping this time will go better.  Bucko has off from work today for ML King Day, which is nice, but I'll have to move over the PC with my journal. Which I don't like. He knows I have this journal, because the name of the file is "MarlaSecretDiaryBuckoKeepOut.doc," but I don't think he knows what it's about at all. Although maybe he has figured it out recently, since I run in here after every meal and type furiously for five or ten minutes. Ah well, it's a better hobby than bingeing and purging.  8:29 a.m.  Just finished my soup, and drinking a glass of water (noncarbonated) so I can be ready for 9:00.  That's cutting it a little short. Also moved over to the PC.  I'm going to take this opportunity to do a spell check; the ancient version of Word I'm using on the Mac doesn't have it installed.  I guess I'm still feeling a bit squirrely, since I'm writing a bunch of nothing in here. Still nervous about not having lost any weight. I'm so scared that I CAN'T lose weight. I understand I have to be patient, that it will take a while to be measurable, but I really need some kind of proof, something to keep me going.  I'm afraid to try the Measurement Pants, because what if they give me bad news?  I won't have the heart to continue.  I think I must take the risk, though, today or tomorrow. If they give me good news, it will inspire me for the next two weeks!  10:05 a.m.  I'm on my third glass of water. Did a whole hour of gliding, and feel pretty good.  I didn't glide over the weekend, and I think I missed it. According to the glider computer, I burned almost 500 calories. I wonder how accurate that stuff is?  I think it's right on, because the Calorie Control web page says an hour of brisk walking is 686 calories, and I could believe it if gliding burned a little less, because you don't lift your legs. Hmm. I could also believe it burns more. For now, I will go with what its built-in meter say.   After the end of this week, I think I may recalculate my target calories. Maybe. I'm not taking exercise into account in my charts. What I did was roll in the glider/stair stepping I do into the "moderately active" category. However, I might recalculate for my basal rate (number of calories needed to survive while sitting on the sofa) and then chart my calories burned through a) my sedentary lifestyle and b) my deliberate exercise.  My reason for doing that is not so much for greater accuracy, but for greater sense of control over this process.  The exercise is a huge part of this, but all I chart and write about is the food. So my journal is not showing everything I am doing for this goal. It's just a way of involving myself with it more thoroughly, and having a positive number to report - where the bigger numbers are better. I hate that about dieting, it's a process of denying oneself something. That's not good psychologically.  Although - I have to admit this hasn't been too bad. A couple days where it really grinds, but for the most part I am eating plenty of good food, and starting to adapt to this as "normal."  Which is good, because it's not like this is ever going to be over. I can't go back to eating as much as I used to.  I think I can live with it, though. Suppose I can lose weight on this amount; for a maintenance diet what if I eat the same, but one day a week I have pizza or dinner out?  That's livable.  I'm interested to see how much money we're spending on food.  I'm charting our expenditures (for everything) over the last 4 months, and I want to see if we're spending less on eating out (should be) and if so, is our grocery bill the same amount as the difference?  I'm hoping that we're saving some money by eating at home, even though we're eating high quality food. Because it's not cheap!  It will be a little hard to compare, because November was Thanksgiving AND Bucko's mother visited, which entailed a lot of restaurants, and of course Christmas in December, plus our dinner party the same month, so I'm not sure they're normal months.  10:48 a.m. O joy, o victory, o glorious day. Yes. The Measurement Pants. Yes yes YES. I buttoned them. And zipped them. And I could ALMOST wear them. No camel toe. Just a little too tight in the butt crack. A little uncomfortable around the waist. But SO close. And my cool low rise boot leg jeans — I used to struggle to get them buttoned right out of the wash. Today — no problem. So it is happening. It's happening.  3:54 p.m. Doing really well today.  We went out at 11:30 ish, so I brought along a tomato and an apple, so I wouldn't be tempted to eat a fast-food lunch. Or even a restaurant lunch for that matter, because that's going to be pretty big calories. And I'll be damned if I'm going to pay a restaurant price for a green salad, I can make that at home.  Here I am with only 501 calories after lunch! I could have an 800 calorie dinner if I wanted and still be in the tppw range. Hee hee hee. Of course, I'm starting to get hungry already, and I ate lunch at 2:30, so obviously vegetables don't last long enough. But, I know I can make it to dinner, I just will drink a lot of water and keep busy. Learned that trick early on.  You see how inspired I am from the Measurement Pants?  I don't need much encouragement, but I need something.  I am so excited.  Partly horrified at how long this is going to take (one year to 18 months) but mostly very excited.  I have said, every time I failed to lose weight, if it just WORKED I could stand anything.  If it DOES work this time, I am going to be interested to know why.  Not sure what is different. Well, yes I am, it's a bunch of small things, not one big difference.  7:02 p.m. Delicious dinner of shrimp salad and steak fries. Drank my quota of water for the first time!  I decided to up my estimate on the shrimp salad by double.  I want to make sure I'm not scrimping on the olive oil, which I use in the dressing and also to sautee the shrimp. Even so, look at this incredible total today - 916 calories. That's fantastic, because I'm full, I ate really wonderful meals today, I'm not suffering at all.  I don't understand some of the online food diaries I saw; all they eat are pre-packaged frozen meals. I guess because it's easy, and it's easy to track because the numbers are all there for you, but it's such unattractive food, to me.  You can eat a MUCH larger volume of food with fresh vegetables, and it's so much more delicious. Of course, I have the time to shop and cook right now, and it's nearly impossible to eat healthy when you're working full time, so I guess there's a place for these things.  I'm going to make sure I'm really careful about my estimates. I mean, I have been, I have been consistently estimating large, and I don't think there is any significant amount of food I've left out. I'm sure I've missed a condiment here and there, although not many, because I've been scrupulous in charting this. But I was watching Oprah today, and she said something interesting about keeping to a diet/plan: she said "Don't do it if you're going to lie to yourself. Because you know you're lying, and you feel just like someone else does when you lie to them."  It was a good point.  I've been completely honest in here, even when I so want to cheat, because there's just no point otherwise.  I've been really tempted to cheat on recording how much I'm drinking, and haven't even allowed myself that out. So I guess I'm just recommitting myself to this, re-promising that I'm not going to lie to myself. 
    
    


    
       6:21 a.m. Sunday, Day 21.  Last day  of Week Three!  Hoping for a better day than yesterday. Although, my total wasn't that awful yesterday, considering the physical activity, and also, as Bucko pointed out, having given blood a couple days ago.  Not that he knows about my "diet," but he did mention something about my doing too much work and not eating enough to recover from it.  I don't know if that's true, that a person would need extra food or rest, but I'm going to allow myself the excuse and treat it as a legitimate reason. And, I didn't have some kind of major pig-out yesterday, it's still a normal amount of food to eat, it's just not within my goal numbers.  At this point, I still have 3080 calories left in the oppw goal.  Unlikely I will eat that much today, so I am still on target.  Today we have to take the truck back, sometime before noon. If we are smart, we will stop at the grocery store also, because we're a little low on food.  9:32 a.m.  My "regular" jeans might be a little looser.  Tried them on fresh from the dryer, and didn't have any struggle buttoning them.  Maybe I can use that as a yardstick also, because I'm pretty sure I used to pull on them harder to get them closed. So that will be another minor measurement milestone: at the end of Week Three, I could button my regular jeans without pulling hard.  I need to make sure I stay on target today. Not so much that I don't have any leeway, because I do, but to make sure I don't lose momentum after yesterday.   6:53 p.m.  Had to move over to the PC, since geek boy is on the Mac. Dinner was very good on the numbers, considering how much I ate!  A huge meal, but all vegetables and fish.  Baked sweet potato, broiled stuffed zucchini (stuffed with other vegetables), and steamed sugar snap peas.  Delicious. I had to use the numbers for grouper, tilapia wasn't in the book. I had too big of a portion, 8 ounces uncooked.  I should eat two-thirds or half of that.  I'm still at a good total — 1351 if I don't eat anything else today.  I doubt I will, it's already almost 7:00.  Having a glass of raspberry seltzer water.  The type of food I'm eating has had a big effect on my total calories for the day. Sometimes I eat a fairly large amount of food (volume wise) and I'm surprised that it comes out at 1300 or so calories. It's because the vegetables have so few calories compared to meat, and certainly a lot less than cheese or butter. 
    
    


    
       7:21 a.m. Saturday, Day 20.  Two more days in Week Three.  Hoping they'll go better than yesterday, so I end up with good numbers for the week. Yesterday was my worst eating day. Of course it was Drinking Night, which really pushed up the calories, but also I did some snacking on cheese after dinner, something I haven't done since this started.  I was able to stop before I really regretted it, but I did realize it was unmindful eating and a dangerous activity.  That's how you start eating and keep on going and going.  And as before, I'm relieved that my numbers aren't worse.  I'm still keeping it pretty well under control even when I think I've gone over the line.  At the end of the week I'll analyze everything, but I think I see a pattern that there will be one day a week when I go over my numbers.  The other six days vary; sometimes I'm higher than I like but still under the goal. It's just that one day I'm over, and so far it seems to be Friday. Hmm.  Slept AWFUL last night — no doubt because of the wine. The red kills me.  And today we are loading the truck and hauling our crap to the dump, so I'll be doing it on 4 hours of sleep. Bah!  Had a little extra breakfast to energize me — three crackers and peanut butter.  I must point out that peanut butter is VERY high in calories. There's no sane amount of it you can eat.  But, I'm going to need energy today, so don't be surprised if a few more get entered into the chart.  10:09 a.m. Well, instead of more crackers, I ate a giant muffin from the grocery store.  I'll have to look it up, but I'm thinking 400 calories minimum. Sigh. Sure was delicious, though.  2:41 p.m. OMG, I'm at 1093 calories already, and haven't eaten dinner yet. It's the damn muffins. But, as disappointed as I am with the count, I'm not despairing, because we worked HARD today.  Loading logs onto a truck — that's heavy duty calorie burning.  So I'm not going to be too hard on myself; you need fuel to do that kind of physical activity. Muffins aren't the best choice of fuel, but that's what's available in the supermarket at 8 in the morning. So, I'll "forgive" myself and move on.  I am interested to try on the Measurement Pants in a few days, because this morning I put on what I thought were my "tight" jeans, and they seem awfully loose.  So that has rekindled some hope, maybe I really was just bloated when I tried the Pants last.  I'm going to wait until my period is good and over before I try them again. 
    
    


    
       7:23 a.m. Friday, Day 19.  Can you believe — only two more days left in WEEK THREE?  So yesterday's eating wasn't as bad as I feared.  I expected a whopper total because of the sandwich and pizza, but when I add it up it's actually pretty good. I estimated big on those items, too.  Apparently I compensated with dinner, because that grilled shrimp salad is very low on the cals.  Also, I kept it to ONE piece of pizza, and didn't just keep eating and keep eating, which is what I felt like doing.  Man, what a hard habit to break.  So anyway, my totals ended up good, I'm completely on track, and glad yesterday is over.    I have a GIANT bruise on my arm this morning. A little souvenir.  I'm still feeling a bit aimless because of lack of visible progress.  Must keep pep-talking myself to get through a month.  I think that's the minimum fair amount of time to try this.  It freaks me out when I see other people losing 4 and 5 pounds in their first week, and I don't seem to have lost 4 pounds in three weeks. But, as always, I can't really tell whether that's true.  Is it completely idiotic that I don't have a scale?  I guess so, if I want to know my weight so badly.  It's just that I thought the Measurement Pants would work, and either they're not working or I have gained weight.  Haven't started my period yet, not surprising since I'm so irregular now, but I want it over so I can try the Pants again.  9:51 a.m.  40 minutes on the glider. Not bad.  I haven't been able to do the 60 minutes that I reached a couple times before, although I think I have been letting myself off the hook somewhat because of boredom.  Need to be a little firmer with myself.  
    
    


    
       7:44 a.m. Wednesday Day 17.  Feeling a little more optimistic today.  After the disappointment of the Measurement Pants, it's hard to pick myself up again, but I'm not ready to give up.  Still looking for some inspirational websites. Also not reading NAAFA anymore.  Well, actually I had given that up a long time ago. I agree with the fat acceptance idea, but on that site there's too much personal bickering and in-fighting.  I want a site that promotes both weight loss and fat acceptance.  That's almost impossible to find, apparently the ideas are mutually exclusive in most people's minds. But I have to credit the NAAFA board, that's where I first heard about Poundy. Someone posted with that very request, and someone else suggested her site.  10:20 a.m. I finally did some SensibleGym!  Good for me. Didn't do any glider, but I think I'll get plenty of exercise today - we're planning on cutting down the last tree this afternoon. Fun fun fun.  Very hungry, I'm having some water to stave it off.  I'm trying to eat light today so I can have pizza tonight.  Just put some chicken in the oven so I will have lunch today. As always, a lot of drinking on Drinking Night.  Keeping track of it has really shown me how much we're consuming.  I so want to cheat on reporting it, because I'm ashamed of it, but I won't let myself do that because I don't want to hide the calories.  7:56 p.m.  Today went perfectly according to plan.  I ate lightly throughout the day, and for dinner I managed to restrain myself with the pizza - only ate two pieces.  I don't know the exact calories, but I used the figures for three slices of Pizza Hut italian sausage.  That seems reasonable.  I'm so pleased with it, I'm having a little more sake!  I am only at 1729, which is well within oppw, astounding for a pizza day.  It was really the orange juice that killed me - I knew I shouldn't drink it, but the pizza was so spicy I needed something. Damn, that stuff is killer - 110 calories in one glass.  At least it's nutritious, no-sugar-added OJ. 
    
    


    
       6:27 a.m. Thursday Day 18.  Very sore this morning from SensibleGym yesterday. I will try to glide early, so I can shower and go to the lecture at the art museum. I'm kind of forcing myself to do it, but I imagine I'll enjoy it once I get there. I've become a real hermit the past couple weeks.  I've been waiting for Daisy to help me with my cover letter to G.McN., and I don't think she's going to do it.  I can't fault her, she's got problems of her own right now, but I'm feeling pressured to get it out and do something.  Our money situation is depressing as hell, and I am becoming frightened that there's no way I can ever quit my miserable job. I've been dreaming that I'm going to be so successful as an artist that I can make my living that way, but looking over our expenditures recently, there's no way.    I'm looking at some of the online food diaries that a lot of people have.  From the three or so I read, they seem to be eating in the 1100-1300 calorie range.  I'm worried that I need to hit this a little harder than I am, because I'm not sure I can do it.  On the other hand, and I have several hands to mention here, I'm adjusting pretty well to this amount of food, where it seems almost normal now, so perhaps I will dig up the wherewithal to cut down some more. My other-other hand is that I'm not entirely sure I believe their entries.  I know, that's cynical and rude and probably a big fat lie I'm telling myself, but there's just not enough food listed, and they're such compact entries that I'm wondering if they're estimating and rounding off a bit too much.  Maybe I'm kidding myself.  I don't list everything individually, I combine the total ingredients into the calories for a serving. That doesn't mean I'm not doing it carefully and thoroughly.  This is the thing that confounds me about weight loss, and confounded me the last time I tried to do a formal diet.  If I eat X amount of calories and maintain my weight, then if I reduce by Y number of calories, I should lose Z number of pounds. No matter what X equals.  I mean, suppose I was eating 5000 calories a day, and maintaining my weight. Then I cut by 500 a day for a total of 4500 calories a day. I should then lose a pound a week, even at an outrageous 4500 calories.  So my point is, if my current "diet" calories per day is higher than the standard, it shouldn't make any difference so long as it's 500 calories less than the amount I was eating to maintain my weight. And it damn sure is.  See, once again I'm insisting that this follow the rules of logic that I have set forth.  And that lets me get into such denial.  It lets me say, "this can't work, therefore it's a waste of time to do it."  Which, come to think of it, is pretty sound reasoning.  But the thing I finally realized, two and a half weeks ago, is that it doesn't matter if it's fair or logical.  If I have to go to 1100 calories, that's what I have to do.  If I have to go to 800, that's what I have to do.  Yes, it is horrible and stupid and unfair and unreasonable and sucks giant ass, but there is no other option at this point in science.  I have to give this a chance.  It's only been two and a half weeks.  I need to go at least a month to see if it's working. Then I can reconsider whether it's worth continuing at the same level, whether I need to reduce further, or whether it makes more sense to ditch the plan.  I want to point out, though, that I have also significantly increased my exercise. I'm not depending solely on dieting to achieve this weight loss.  I write about the dieting more because I hate it more. And it lasts all day long, every day.  You have to constantly think about it and constantly control your behavior.  With exercise, once you do it, it's done. Poof. Nothing to talk about.  7:51 a.m.  Just did 30 minutes on the glider, and I'm taking a break.  More from boredom than fatigue.  Also I need to figure out if I have time for another half hour.  If I want to get to the museum at 10:15, I need to leave here at 9:45, so I need to be in the shower at 8:45.  So yeah, I guess I have time, if I don't take a long break.  8:25 a.m. Put in another 15 minutes, I think that's all I can handle today.  I'm thinking about a piece of pizza for lunch, so maybe I can get more energy this afternoon and work off some of it.  3:15 p.m.  What a day!!  I'm worn right out.  The museum was great, had a nice time. Then I decided to give blood, since they're so low recently (the Red Cross, not the art museum). I made an appointment and then had to kill time for and hour and a half, so I went to the bank, got a sandwich at the grocery store for lunch (will have to estimate), and picked up videos.  I considered and rejected several restaurants, because I didn't think I could get a reasonable meal at them, and thought I'd pick up sushi at the deli of the supermarket. Unfortunately, they don't have it anymore.  The only good options was a ham sandwich.  I mean, it could have been a lot worse.  So I get points for making a pretty good choice in a poor situation.  Plus I had a large water with it.  Anyway, when I gave blood, it took forever. My blood was draining really slowly, and the nurse was wiggling the needle around and thumping my arm, and I was squeezing my hand, etc., and it got to be really painful!  Not to mention I was in the chair for 20 or 30 minutes, and the nurse was kind of mean.  When it was finally over, I felt a bit lightheaded, which has never happened to me before. I toddled over to the snack and drink table, sat down, and started crying!  It was SO embarrassing.  There was a really sweet boy, couldn't have been more than 24, who talked to me very casually for a few minutes about his bad experiences, and it made me feel much better.  I was really impressed with how well he dealt with the situation, very mature and capable, and did just what would make me feel better without overplaying his hand.  What a good boy. However, as soon as he left, I was on the verge of crying again, so I left as soon as I could, and sat in my car for a while.  Damn.  I'm pretty sure I'm going to have a piece of pizza to console myself.  Yeah, it's emotional eating, there's no doubt of that. But can I cut myself some slack once in a while? I gave blood, dammit!  
    
    


    
       6:50 a.m. Tuesday, Day 16.  Feeling a little discouraged this morning.  I'm pretty sure it's because I don't have a good visible proof of progress.  I know, I'm not doing the scale, but I want something to go on.  I want a little reward to keep me interested and motivated. The Measurement Pants were a disappointment when I tried them a couple days ago.  I wanted to see a big difference.  I will succumb and try them on again today.   And what is it recently with all these weight-loss programs on TV?  I'm sure some of it is attributable to being January, but there are just so many.  It's like there must be some government grant money that came out this year. Well, more likely it's different networks trying to cash in on the success of Dr. Phil's whatever program. I just don't like the overemphasis.  It's been developing over a period of a year or two, though.  All the makeover shows are about losing weight, there's SO many shows about WLS and liposuction...  as though obesity is the ONLY health problem worth notice.  And don't tell me people are motivated for health concerns, that's bullshit.  Maybe some, but the average person who wants to lose 20 to 30 pounds is in it for the relief from societal pressure.  And the women are also in it for the fashion/beauty aspect.  That sounds cynical, and I guess I don't mean that everyone, including myself, is uncaring of the health aspects, just that the other reasons are much much stronger.  Like, I want to regain the mobility I've lost from being fat, because my life would be a lot easier and more enjoyable. But that's not the main reason. No, I want to LOOK good.  Anyway, I cannot tolerate the Discovery Health channel.  It's nothing but weight-loss stories, and they send a lot of messages I don't like. They're forever saying things like "Tracy wanted a new hairstyle to match her new life," and "Now Rhonda could let her real self shine."  No, fuck you.  Tracy and Rhonda are the same people they always were. They're just thinner. That's it, just thinner. If they were assholes when fat, they're assholes now.  It they are brilliant and talented now, they were just as much so when they were fat. Yeah, you can experience a big change by going through the weight loss process — the discipline, the strength, the entire emotional and physical experience of it.  But being skinny, by itself, is not going to change you.  And something else I don't like — this big push for WLS.  That shit is dangerous.  It's a very extreme "treatment," and I don't think it should be encouraged and advertised like this.  There are many serious risks and side effects.  One of which, perhaps the least life-threatening, is that when people lose weight that quickly, they are left with enormous bags of loose skin hanging off their bodies. If they expect to have anything like a normal life after the weight loss, they will absolutely need more surgeries to fix that.  Maybe people consider that a reasonable trade-off, but I don't think there's enough attention paid to the long-term involvement — it's not just a simple one-day surgery and then you're done.  8:54 a.m. 40 minutes on the glider. Rubber legs. Feeling a little down about my chances — watched the Dr. Phil show and saw all the people who had lost 60 and 80 pounds, and feeling like it will never happen for me.  Like I was writing earlier, I have no proof that this is working.  I so much hate the idea of a scale, though, and checking every two minutes.  Maybe I can get through this week without freaking out, and then can consider some sort of measurement system.  I want to give this long enough to work, to actually get those measurable results.  9:57 a.m.  The Measurement Pants were a great disappointment.  They are actually tighter than two days ago.  I know I haven't gained weight — I mean, how could I?  (OMG, what if I have???)  It occurred to me maybe I'm retaining water or whatever. Sure enough, consulting the calendar I saw that I'm 2-7 days before my period, so probably I am a little bloated, as well as possibly a little cranky.  Although, I'm not as unhappy as my writing sounds, I just like to complain in here.  I should probably ignore the Measurement Pants until after.  2:30 p.m. Just got home from the E.G. and I'm SO hungry.  Going to have some chicken, but drinking water first.  I'm a little dehydrated, plus it's filling. Stopped at Wal-Mart and bought another pair of jeans (size 26) and a light sweater.  If the jeans become too big (cross my fingers), so what, it was only $11.  In the meantime, I need some more clothes.  5:44 p.m.  So far have resisted the temptation to pig out.  Today has been iffy.  In Wal-Mart and the wine store I really had to resist the temptation to get some chocolate. And when I got home, the cheese in the frig was tempting. When I put the chicken in the oven tonight I really wanted to keep the skin. I even told myself I could have ONE skin, but at the last minute I managed to throw it away.  Must be the pre-period thing.  I am semi-planning to have pizza tomorrow night, so I will try (try, I say) to eat lightly tomorrow to compensate.  The fish soup is pretty light in calories for being so filling, so maybe I'll depend on that.  Tonight, sushi tuna and chicken caesar salad, which should end up very light also. Hopefully that will keep the week reasonable.  Yesterday was low as hell — 1154!  That's some serious dieting.  Is it too much? Who knows.  However, I want to note and compliment my ability to pass up the chocolate and cheese.  I am truly astounded that I'm able to do that.  It's just that in the last couple days I've felt that I'm going to drop the ball any minute, that it's just a matter of holding out as long as possible but that eventually I won't be able to take it any more.  I'm really glad I tried the Measurement Pants, which led to checking the calendar, because I am almost certain I can attribute this to my particular hormonal state. 
    
    


    
       6:41 a.m. Monday, Day 15.  The first day of Week Three!  So. Last week went VERY well.  Yesterday was amazing in terms of calories.  Since we had raw fish and soup for dinner, the calorie count was very low, even with the drinks we had. Awesome.  My average calories per day in Week One was 1660. For Week Two, 1487. That's 173 calories less!  I don't think I'll be getting much lower than that, but we'll see.  I have to take this a bit at a time.  However, I would like a pizza or something like that the end of this week, so I might try to go a bit low to compensate in advance for that.  OK, let's look at theoretical weight loss.  According to the numbers, I lost one pound, with 2201 calories left over. That should be about six-tenths of a pound.  So let's call it a pound and a half. My weight at the end of Week One was 258.75, so my new weight is 257.25.  That leaves 23.25 pounds left of my initial goal (26 pounds), to weigh 234.  If I go at the same rate, that will take about 15 weeks. So not bad!  Damn, this has been going well.  It's almost too easy now, and I keep checking my charts to make sure I'm not slipping and eating a bunch and then just telling myself I'm on a diet.  But no.  I'm recording everything I eat:  I've cut my portions down by a third. I've all but eliminated between-meal snacks. I've cut my breakfast calories in half.  There's a real difference here from the way I ate before.  So this week, I want to do two things. One, get on the ball with the water drinking.  That did NOT go well last week.  Two, do a SensibleGym workout twice.  I need to make sure I do some strength training.  8:52 a.m.  Did 30 minutes on the Glider.  If all goes according to plan, I will do SensibleGym later. Feeling a bit peckish already, but not surprising since I got up so early (6:00). Also would like to congratulate myself again for getting through TWO WEEKS.  And doing a damned fine job.  10:04 a.m.  So hungry I had to have a bowl of soup.  Not bored-hungry, but stomach-hurt, might-vomit, can't-keep-my-body-warm hungry. And it was delicious.  I feel very unmotivated today, very aimless. Probably because I haven't worked in so long.  I need to use this time for painting and advancing myself that way.  Brain is not working right now, so I will go clean up my studio.  12:25 p.m. Well, I did a little of both. Cleaned the studio, and started a draft of the letter. Emailed it to Daisy for input. I'm going to try to do another 30 minutes of glider before I have lunch.  2:03.  Did the 30 minute glide.  Small late lunch, because of the large morning snack. Still feeling rather unmotivated. I know I should do some more pages for the sample book I'm trying to put together, but not very energetic.  5:18 p.m.  I don't really know what I've done since 2.  Packed up some computer manuals, but that's all I remember!  I am SO hungry.  I'm making chicken for dinner (chicken sandwiches) and it was all I could do to save it for the meal.  I'm having a glass of tomato juice and writing in here to keep my mind off. Looking at my chart, I'm only at 543 calories before the juice, so maybe I just haven't eaten enough today.  I really hate this about dieting, it's hard to know or remember what normal eating is like.  I'm starting to get used to this amount of food, so if I eat what I ate last week, it feels like "too much."  Like I'm not dieting enough, because now it seems normal.  Grrr.  Dieting is fucked up.  Doing a little better with water, though not where I should be. Oh wait, now I remember what I did this afternoon — a little logo project.  That must have taken an hour and a half. 
    
    


    
       8:08 a.m. Sunday, Day 14.  The last day of Week Two!  At the end of the day I'll do a big recap of all my calories and theoretical pounds.  In the meantime, all is going well.  I succumbed to the potato chips last night, but I very cleverly shared them with Bucko, so it was not a giant impact on the diet.  Good thinking. We're planning on grocery shopping this morning, and I'm all into that.  I think that's where the anxiety and need-to-eat is coming from, the lack of food in the house.  I'm still not sure about my numbers — how much I should eat to lose x amount of weight. But if I go by the rule that 3500 calories = one pound, then I think I'm well in the range of oppw.  I'm sure I've cut 500 calories a day from my diet. Maybe even more, on a day-by-day basis.  Went back to chicken and rice soup today, with a dollop of mashed potatoes. Not bad.  10:02 a.m. I just had to go and try on the Measurement Pants.  They seem about the same as last time — I can button and zip them, but they're too tight to wear.  I'm disappointed, I was hoping for a more noticeable difference.  I want to think they were the tiniest bit looser than last week, but it's too subjective to tell. I really want some sort of visible, measurable proof of progress so I don't lose motivation.  As always in the past, I can't keep this up if it isn't doing anything. Don't worry, I'm not quitting today, I'm just whining a bit. I have made progress, I can't deny the Pants.  Also, I have to remember I just tried them on 4 days ago. Somehow I thought it was over the weekend, but looking through my journal, it was on Wednesday. Therefore, Wednesday is now Measurement Pants day, not Sunday.  12:38 p.m. Finished lunch of chicken, leftover mashed potatoes, and beet salad. A little hard to estimate on the beet salad, but the only significant ingredient was the low fat mayo, so I won't stress over it.  We did a large shopping and have lots of food in the house.  Tuna, catfish, and shrimp. Also more chicken, of course, and tons of vegetables, fresh, frozen, and canned. I am still craving sweets; it was very difficult to pass them up at the grocery store. Haven't had anything sweet for two weeks, why is it hitting me  now?  Did something trigger it?  I wish I could have just a tiny piece of chocolate, but that probably wouldn't solve it, it probably would just reinforce the craving.  Must keep my mind off it and do something today.  2:35 p.m.  I wish I could find a weight loss site that I liked!  Poundy was perfect, but she's not blogging the weight anymore.  It's just that most sites are too anti-fat, and the body positive sites are too pro-fat.  I mean, I want to lose weight. I want to lose.  And the bp sites are filled with people saying "I can't lose weight" or "I won't lose weight" or "I don't want to lose weight."  So, how likely is it that they are going to lose weight? Right, zero.  But some weight loss sites are a little too nasty and righteous.  I won't buy into self-loathing. Can a person be seriously interested - and dedicated - to losing weight without hating herself?  It's as though if you desire to change, that means the current self is bad.  Damn, it doesn't have to be that way.  Can't I just say my current self is wonderful, and lost-weight-self will be just as wonderful but fit into an airplane seat better?  It's a matter of good and good, not bad and good.  Losing the weight should be an accomplishment, not an identity.  You're not bad for being fat, and you're not good for losing weight.  It's like learning another language. You weren't an evil asshat before you learned it, but it's a useful and desirable thing to do.  I'm going to figure out something to watch and glide for 30 minutes. I know, I could watch the 30 minute glider tape workout.  Also making fish stew for dinner, that's going to be hard to calculate the calories.  It's all vegetables and fish, no milk or butter.  I think I will use the numbers for Campbell's Manhattan clam chowder, that should be reasonably close. 
    
    


    
       11:07 a.m. Saturday, Day 13.  Almost done Week Two!  Last night did not go well, I drank a great deal and had a rib.  Well, the rib was in the plan, but not that much drinking.  Isn't it tiresome writing about how much I drank and feeling contrite?  Bah.  Either stop doing it, or stop caring that you're doing it.  At any rate, I showed a great deal of restraint with the rest of the day, plus exercised for 90 minutes, so I officially declare that the day went OK.  It is not a smudge on my record.  Made some great mashed potatoes with no milk or butter, just a wee bit of olive oil and a small carton of unflavored no-fat yogurt.  Curry and thyme. Perfect.  Today I slept until 10:30.  Half the day is over already.  4:03 p.m. Haven't done a damn thing today.  At least I'm keeping the eating under control, considering how bored I am.  I ALMOST ate the little bag of chips. Took it out of the pantry and looked at the label — 260 calories. Not a good deal. Impressed that I was able to resist. I guess I'm going to make chicken for dinner.  If I take the skin off, I can have three drumsticks. Maybe will have cauliflower, not sure. MUST go shopping tomorrow morning, we're on our last legs.  Had minestrone soup for breakfast this morning, and must say I didn't care for it.  I don't think I'll keep the leftover half for tomorrow, I'll just toss it and go back to chicken and rice. So much for experimentation...    Looking back over my entries, things are going quite well.  I almost feel like I'm not doing enough, because really I've had good meals and little hunger. It doesn't feel like a "diet."  That's the idea, I guess. I just hope it's enough. I don't think I can stand the idea of a typical diet. You know, for breakfast oatmeal, half a cup of skim milk, 6 oz orange juice. Lunch: 4 oz lean chicken breast no skin, five green beans, two carrot rounds. Snack: low-fat yogurt.  Bah!  No normal person can live on that. I'm toying with the idea of a juicy greasy meal to celebrate getting through two weeks, but I'm not sure that makes sense.  It might be better to save that for when I have a really big craving, than to use it as a reward.  I'm thinking pizza.  I'll think of something else to celebrate the two weeks. Which should be, by the way, between two and four pounds. I wish it would be five pounds.  Five pounds in two weeks, yes I can handle that. That's a livable rate, enough progress to keep me motivated. Two pounds? Eh. That's the size of a large bowel movement.  Well, OK, I don't actually know how much a large bowel movement weighs, but you get my point.  It's too little to know whether it's a real loss or a momentary fluctuation. But FIVE pounds, that's a real number. That's solid. And that would mean ten pounds in a month, which is significant.  If my numbers are at all accurate, I don't think I'll achieve that. So I'm going to go with what my numbers say, erring on the more-lost side because of all the exercise I've been doing, and rely on my Measurement Pants. I'll keep pretend track of my weight until (and if) I get a scale.  One reason I don't want a scale is the compulsion to check it three times a day.  It probably doesn't make sense to weigh yourself more than twice a month, if that often. You can't look for those kind of quick results, it's a long-term thing. Man, talk about tedious. This is a goal that will take me over a year to achieve, and it will require CONSTANT attention. But, here's something interesting. I read on the Dr. Phil page that food cravings and overeating usually occur within a very small window of time.  Like, there's a particular time of day or situation where this happens, it's not a constant all-day thing.  So if you can get over that hump, you only have to resist for a few minutes at a time.  I'm finding that's true; when I get a craving to eat, it will go away in a few minutes.  The trick is to delay the gratification, and then you have the power to control it.  5:47 p.m.  Put the chicken and sweet potatoes in the oven and did 30 minutes on the glider. Rubber legs.  There's a sideways move that's really hard.  I can feel it in my entire butt.  In other news, I don't think the seltzer is giving me a headache. Either that or I've become accustomed to it. That's good news, because obviously it's hard for me to drink enough water.  I'm wondering if that headache was from de-sugaring myself.  I haven't had anything sweet (except for apples) for two weeks! In the same self-congratulatory vein, I spread that Quiznoids sandwich over three meals, instead of my customary two. AND didn't eat the chips.  I'm really surprising myself with what I'm able to do.  There have been a few days where it's been hard, but nothing all that terrible.  I think it was clever of me to think of the soup for lunch, because that's a giant savings in calories that's pretty easy to achieve.  I'm hungry in the morning, but my taste buds aren't really awake, it's the least important meal to me emotionally. I'm just starting to get tired of soup, so when I go shopping I'll look for some different kinds, and damn the cost.  Because it's not that much.  I'm spending $1.29 to $1.79 per can, and it lasts me two days.  So I think I can afford to splurge and get a $2.09 can once in a while.  Also I'm impressed with how little snacking I've done.  My original plan allowed for both morning and afternoon snacks, and I haven't been eating them.  I think two days I had an afternoon snack, and once in the morning. 
    
    


    
       6:59 a.m. Friday Day 12.  Almost done Week Two!  It's gone really well.  I've only been at tppw one day, but I've been well under oppw every day.  And hopefully, because I estimate large, and exercise a lot, I'm really doing better than oppw.  I don't FEEL any thinner, so I'll have to rely on Measurement Pants as a guide.  I'm planning on trying them on Mondays.    Yesterday's food was hard to estimate.  I get very different results from the Netzer book and the calorie council online calculator.  I find myself wanting to check both and use the lowest count.  The Netzer book is a lot more complete — the calculator only shows calories and fat — so I will use it as my main source and use the calculator for backup when I can't find it in Netzer. Although, I've had my doubts about Netzer before, because she shows broccoli as being 20% fat, and that seems unlikely.  Now tonight is Drinking Night, so I have to do two things: 1. drink moderately (not likely) and 2. go light on the food to compensate.  That will be a little hard; I've got ribs and quiznoids in the house for lunch today.  Better try for an extra good glider workout to offset.  I really need to go shopping and get some good food in the house.  I have chicken in the freezer, and a cauliflower, and that's it for the healthy stuff. Tomorrow we'll be eating crap.  It's supposed to snow today, which means the stores will be insane right now.  I'm kind of considering waiting until it actually does snow, because everyone will be off the roads then.  Had some desire to snack last night.  I think it was boredom or restlessness.  I've spent a lot of time in the house lately and starting to feel a little cooped up.  I got a lot of stuff done, though, so it hasn't been useless.  7:59 a.m. Gross, it is snowing!  Yuck.  However, for the very first time ever I don't have to go to an important appointment, such as an interview, during the snow.  It hardly ever snows here, and every single time I end up having to go out in it. Today, gonna stay home and be cozy.  9:37 a.m.  Just did 30 minutes on the glider and I'm exhausted!!  I'm going to finish out the hour, but probably will be moving at a crawl.  I need to do some research and find out if it's useful to do this, or if I'm better off ending after 30.  10:38 Finished out the hour. My legs are like jelly. Or possibly pudding.  I am feeling very peckish today.  Had a little lettuce salad and am drinking more water, but I'm disturbed about this.  I'm getting that panicky feeling and wanting to eat a whole bunch.  Not sure why, because I've been doing so well.  Is it from being snowbound?  Is it from being almost out of food?  If so, I need to quell that idea, because there's plenty of food in the house.  There's enough ribs left for another meal, I have 2/3 of a quiznoids sandwich, there's a large package of chicken drumsticks, and we have a TON of frozen vegetables. Also several veggie burritos I made last week for Bucko's lunch.  AND red potatoes and canned beans, beets, and spinach.  Also cauliflower, carrots, onion, and celery.  OK, brain?  Do you get it now?  There's plenty of food. Plenty.  Maybe I'm stressing about work.  I won't be having a paycheck this month, so we're getting pretty broke.  There's plenty in savings, but I hate going into that. But perhaps I need to remind myself that this is what the money is for, to get us over a lean time. And apparently they are NOT shutting down, and they ARE planning work for me. Nothing has changed, it's just a little slow right now. That's what part-time is about.  So have I allayed my fears at all?  Not quite.  I'm also a little nervous about moving and going to Tahiti.  They are both expensive and scary, and I've been dealing with both recently.  So maybe I'm wanting to eat for comfort and security.  Probably a little boredom too, from being house bound. Damn, I hope I've shown some significant weight loss this week, because I need something to keep my spirits up.  Also maybe I'm just being hard on myself.  So I'm not super motivated today, take it easy.  You know what it is, I really want to get through two weeks without "cheating" on the diet.  I want to prove to myself that I can do this.  I really hate the idea that I'm too weak to manage a moderate, self-imposed regimen. And I hate the way I'll lie to myself and rationalize in order to pretend (to myself!) that I'm telling the truth.  So far I've put everything I've eaten, and drank, in here.  There were several times I came close to not recording the whole truth, and managed to resist the temptation.  I still feel guilty for even considering it.  This might be a really useful tool for me (the journal, not guilt).  It's as though keeping this journal can actually help prevent me from eating, rather than just record what I eat.  As long as I'm too stubborn or embarrassed or guilty or whatever it takes to cheat, then I'll stay on the diet in order to avoid the bad feelings.  Now, see, isn't that fucked up?  That's what a diet is about.  No matter how much I need to do this, and no matter how much or little success I have with it, nobody is going to convince me that this isn't sick, obsessive behavior. The diet, that is.  I'm deliberately creating in myself the same eating disorder that other people spend years of therapy trying to remove. Gah.  12:09 p.m.  Cut myself some slack and had lunch early.  Another third of the sub and the rest of the delicious clam chowder, plus a very small glass of wine. Man, I really need to find something to do this afternoon, or I'll be wanting to snack again.  Maybe I can glide some more!  1:58 p.m.  Did another 30 minutes on the glider.  Can hardly walk. However... I don't think I got my heart rate going very much.  I didn't use the workout tape that comes with, I just did a medium glide for 30 minutes.  It might not be quite enough work.  Again, I figure it can't hurt, because I'm burning calories, right?  I think.  I need some research on this.  On a different train of thought, I sure hope I'm overestimating on those ribs, because that's what we're having for dinner and I'm already at 700 calories after lunch.  I only have 600 left for tppw, and just one of those ribs is over that. Plus drinking night.  Well, that's why I did more gliding, but this is the first day since Day One that I'm having trouble staying with it.  Maybe I'm being unrealistic about how few calories I can eat — when I look at my charts, I'm not eating a large amount of food, they're quite reasonable meals. I can't tell if ending up with close to 2000 calories today is rationalizing and allowing myself to fall off the horse, or if it's simply a realistic give-and-take with any diet.  It's so messed up to have to think this way!  Okay, I looked back over my charts, and notice that I'm eating about 200-300 calories fewer each day than last week.  So I'm doing GREAT and can relax a little bit.  I'm not giving up or cheating or whatever just because today's calories are higher than yesterday's.  They're still within my goal and very reasonable. I notice also that I started the week a little too gung-ho about beating last week and doing this thing to death.  I've been hungry a few days and that's a bad scenario — that's what causes bingeing on bad food.  So I just need to be chill until I get to the supermarket. In the meantime, I'm going to go cut up some celery and carrots to have with hummus, and get the chicken defrosted. And all the exercise I'm doing is keeping my metabolism up, building muscles in my legs, and burning the hell out of those calories. So lighten up.  3:54 p.m.  Having some lovely red wine.  Bucko's coming home early because of the snow, so we can have a fire and eat the ribs and be cozy. Watched the video of Travis's graduation party from last June, and I'm HORRIFIED at how I look.  I am HUGE. HUGE. And I have no neck anymore.  Gaaah.  I'm not entirely depressed about it though, because I feel like I'm doing something about it.  OMG, I hope this works.  If it doesn't, then there's just nothing that will, and that's a very frightening thought. OK, I won't think that way.  I will get through this week, I will try on the Measurement Pants Monday, and I will find that I've lost more weight. I will continue with the diet and exercise, losing more and more weight, until I am where I want to be.  Yes, that's what will happen.  One of the things I want most about losing weight is being able to buy clothes. I've never been all that interested in them (possibly because of my weight) and I think it would be just wonderful to go into a store and buy what I WANT, instead of the one thing in the whole store that will fit me. It would be so cool to feel like I look NORMAL.  I'm old enough now that I don't have to be gorgeous, I don't have to prove myself that way (I think), but it would be nice to feel like I'm not a freak.  At least I don't act like one — I don't think I behave the way other fat women do.  Well, fuck it, let's not go there.  I don't want to spend time on negativity and regrets.  Oh please please please let this work! 
    
    


    
       7:11 a.m. Thursday Day 11.  Did very well yesterday, especially considering the giantness of the rib.  I started stressing out a little this morning, whilst still in bed, thinking about having a rib again for lunch (my normal pattern, to eat leftovers for lunch) because it's so many calories.  I've been eating 400-ish calories for lunch, not 700!  But I think I'm over it.  I don't want to live the kind of life where I have to be unhappy and worried about the food.  I have to consider it, because otherwise I'll end up back where I started, but instead of not eating, I can offset it with exercise.  It's not like I'm ordering up a whole large pizza myself, it's just one rib.    10:39 a.m.  Oh!  I am exhausted.  I just did the 30-minute workout that came with the glider, and it was killer.  I'm rubber-legged.  That was more work than my usual 60-minute workout, which is exactly the results I was hoping for. It took me an hour and a half to set the machine up.  It's heavy, and seems sturdy.  Hopefully Bucko will take a look at it and see if it seems right.  I don't know where we can put it when we're selling the house!  1:06 p.m.  Just finished giant lunch of pork rib and black bean salad. Heaven.  I want to congratulate myself for not eating any rib when we got home from Man Bites Ass theater last night.  I was tempted, because they're so full of tasty greasy goodness, and I went so far as to open the refrigerator door and stare at it.  I think what finally stopped me was the idea of having to write it in here.  That makes the calories more real; I can't pretend I didn't really eat it or that it wasn't "that much."  On another subject, Man Bites Dog theater was disappointing. It was comedy improv night, and apparently they are known for drama improv.  I dunno, it just didn't engage me. I'd like to go back some time when they're doing drama.  I do think the Netzer book is a little high on the calories for the rib.  I couldn't find it online, but they did show six spareribs as being less than 400 cals.  Not sure how that relates to the cut of meat I had.  So I'm going to go with 703 and not indulge in too much wishful thinking.  Finished painting half the bathroom; will finish the other half after I've digested a little.  7:26 p.m.  Taking a break from packing up stuff in the guest room closet.  Carrying down the stairs is getting tiring.  Did well with dinner; we got Quiznos and I ate about a third of the sandwich instead of half. Also only half the soup and no chips.  I'll have to figure out the calories more precisely tomorrow; I got the turkey guacamole sub, which is the same as their low-fat turkey sub only with guac.  So I think I can use the stats from their website on the low-fat turkey and estimate the guacamole.  Tomorrow I'll look in the Netzer book. So far it's looking good even considering the rib, because I haven't snacked on anything today.  Not sure how much water I had today, the power was out for a while so I wasn't recording. 
    
    


    
       8:29 a.m., Wednesday Day Ten.  Yes, I am still congratulating myself.  I can't believe how well I handled yesterday.  I am so COOL.  And just LOOK at my totals!!  Here is some other good news:  I have been massively overestimating the amount of wine I drink in a single "glass."  I was looking it up on the Calorie Counter page, because I didn't know how big a restaurant serving is, which is what I had yesterday. Turns out to be 4 ounces.  Which seemed awfully small to me, so I went and measured how much I drink in our big wine glasses. Because they are rather large.  I just assumed I was pouring myself 8 ounces at a time, but no, in fact it's only 6 ounces.  ALSO the website gives a lower calorie count than the Netzer book, because it distinguishes between red and white wine.  Those two items cut my original estimates almost in half. So this is great news.  I'm not going back and revising my original calorie counts, but will use the corrected version from here out.  It won't be an excuse for drinking, because it's still a lot of calories and sugar, but I'm relieved it isn't as bad as I thought.  Didn't do well with water yesterday, but will improve today.  I slept like hell last night (too much wine and salty food) so I am going to be hard put to exercise today. Maybe I'll do the 10 minute increments. I don't think I have the strength to do an hour straight. My eyes are dry and my muscles are burning just from sitting upright.  Perhaps today I will work on the bathroom; yesterday I bought primer.  Also need to do some sorting out so we can haul away our crap Saturday.  10:06 a.m.  OMG OMG OMG.  I just tried on my Measurement Pants, to see where I am with that.  I haven't tried them in a long time, and I figured I gained a bit over the holidays. Well, I figured WRONG.  I almost could WEAR those pants.  The only thing that would stop me is that too-tight pants are sleazy.  But if I put them on and walked around the house a few minutes to get them stretched out, they would be almost possible.  You know what this means. This means that I HAVE LOST WEIGHT.  For real.  I am so excited.  Also managed 30 minutes of exercise.  I'll try the other half later in the day, maybe after lunch.  1:11 p.m. Two things of note: first, the GLIDER HAS ARRIVED.  I want to drop everything and set it up, but don't have a place to put it yet.  I need to dismantle the dining room table, and that's a big project.  Second, I ate too much broccoli at lunch, and now my stomach hurts. Like seriously.  That's a big change in me, apparently I'm becoming adjusted to the smaller amount of food I've been eating.  I am quite uncomfortable and had to give up painting the bathroom until I digest a little further.  So, bad that I ate too much (I was "finishing up" the broccoli regardless of whether it was the right amount) but good that I can tell a difference.  4:06 p.m.  Feeling a little better.  I had a small nap and then primed the bathroom.  My stomach is much improved, although not 100%.  I think it's amazing that I can overeat.  Before, I'm not sure I could.  Having a tiny glass of wine (so sue me) before dinner.  I just put the ribs in the oven. They are big ass pieces of meat, and I think I'd better have just one. Uncooked, a single rib weighs about .95 pound. Of course, there's a bone in there, but I don't know how much that accounts for. I'd better be conservative.  I've jumped on this bandwagon really quickly; looking back at my entries, Day One was the only time I was really negative about my ability to do this.  (I've been continuously negative about my chances of success, however.) Now I'm looking at it as a challenge, a sort of game: get the most nutritious food in the smallest amount of calories.  You know, I'd like to look at this as a quest to eat the BEST food, not the LEAST food, but right now I need to go overboard. Maybe that can be the motto for my maintenance, rest-of-my-life diet.  6:26 p.m.  Thank goodness I decided to only have one rib.  I can't believe the counts on a sparerib!  The entry in the calorie book was for one pound uncooked weight, which is right on the nose.  I think I'd better not buy these too often, no matter how cheap they are. 
    
    


    
       7:50 a.m. Tuesday, Day Nine.  Wow, look at yesterday's total!  That's impressive.  It was hard to do though.  I was pretty hungry in the afternoon and evening. So I'm going to be careful about going too extreme, because then the temptation to eat something bad will be too much. Yeah, I don't like using the word "bad," but I couldn't think of a more appropriate label.  Had a little bit of a panic lying in bed this morning - realized there wasn't anything for my lunch!!  It scared the hell out of me.  Not that I would have literally nothing, but that I would eat something crappy.  See, it's that diet-induced food panic.  Have to be chill about that. There's plenty of food in the world, and I'm going to have delicious meals.  No panic.  And if one meal is boring and unsatisfying, don't freak out, because the next one will be good. I can't believe my dependence on food!  I took the Dr. Phil test of "are you an emotional eater?" and scored VERY high.   Anyway, I realized that there's still two pieces of chicken left and broccoli, and I can get something else cooked this afternoon so I'll have leftovers available again. And I can go to the store today and get more vegetables or shrimp or whatnot.  The shrimp is such a good deal, diet-wise, I wish I could afford more. The best I ever see is $4.99 a pound, which will make two meals for both of us.  I got up a little late again today. Stayed up too late watching Cast Away (I'll give it a B-) and was a bit restless all night.  Didn't drink, so that's good, but I was pretty thirsty from the fish. Have a small headache this morning.  I don't think it's seltzer-related, I didn't drink that much seltzer yesterday plus this seems centered in my neck and shoulders.  So I'm a little behind schedule again, will probably have to exercise at 10 instead of 9.  It's 8:19 already and I haven't eaten yet.  You know, I have been really de-sugaring myself with this diet.  I hadn't thought about it before, but I haven't had sugar since Day One. Maybe that's causing the headache.  Like when you go through caffeine withdrawal.  I am so addicted to sugar it just seems safest to not have any.  Like I'm afraid to buy those Skinny Cow ice cream sandwiches, because if they're in the freezer, I'll eat them constantly.  They're no diet bargain if you eat the whole package.  Right now I'm reading the success stories on the Weight Watchers page. Can you believe the change in me?  I am SO SO SO not a joiner, and that includes joining or accepting a philosophy (so to speak), so it's amazing that I'm buying in to this stuff.  Again, it's just like the smoking.  I wasn't able to quit until I really bought into it. I used all the silly little psychological tricks and silly inspirational gimmicks I could.  I thought "No one else is watching you do this, no one is thinking how stupid and sheeplike you are. This is private and you can be as silly as necessary."  So that's what I'm doing here, and that's why I'm writing in this journal every two hours.  It's part of my buying in to the idea.  One thing I'm reading about is setting goals, and then rewarding yourself for achieving them.  I'm thinking I need to reward myself for getting through Week One.  Don't know what the reward is, though.  I swear, that's one of the drawbacks of living where we do, it's more of an ordeal than a treat to go somewhere.  Like I'm thinking of browsing Barnes and Noble for a magazine I might want to subscribe to, but thinking of how it will take me 25 minutes to get there, so I'm thinking of other "chores" I can combine with the trip to make it worthwhile, and all of a sudden it's work and not a treat. Whatever, I will find some nice treat for myself.  8:57 a.m. OK, finished my soup and I'm right back in my journal.  I'm taping the Dr. Phil show so I can have it around for another day when there's nothing good on. Will probably exercise to Ellen today.  I really want to keep this up. Over the weekend we got lots of exercise doing yard work, so I didn't need to do a specific exercise. I absolutely cannot exercise in front of anyone, even Bucko. Maybe especially Bucko.  Like I get mad if he even comes into the room when I'm working out.  I guess I'll have to get used to that, because the glider will be right in the dining room. Although probably I'll do it when he's at work. But on the weekends — if we don't have major yard/house work planned, I'll have to do the gliding. Speaking of, just got a confirmation email from Wal-Mart saying it has shipped and will be delivered sometime between Thursday and next Wednesday. Yeah, that's a tight schedule.  11:21 a.m.  Finished one hour workout.  Not a good one, I don't have enough energy today. Perhaps from how little I ate yesterday!  Watched half of Waiting to Exhale during. I'm going on a late lunch with Daisy, so trying to figure out someplace I can get reasonable food. I would love some sushi, maybe I could get sashimi instead. If we go to one of those Chili's type restaurants, I'll have to get a salad, and low-fat dressing. Blah. Sushi would be better, even with the rice. But what the hell, they're the kind of restaurant that is open ALL the time, we can get drinks, Daisy can smoke.  It won't kill me to have a salad.  Maybe they even have a fish meal.  6:24 p.m.  Just got back from lunch/drinks.  I am SO pound of myself.  Didn't succumb.  We ordered a shrimp and cheese dip with croutons or whatever, and it was DELICIOUS and I only ate 4 pieces of bread. We left half of it on the plate. Oh my god, I can't believe I did that. Because it was filled with delicious greasy rich goodness and I wanted to eat it ALL.  But I stopped myself after eating a quarter of it, and then got a salad.  And I could tell the salad had a fair amount of oil in the dressing, so I DIDN'T FINISH IT.  I ate about half.  Holy cow, who has killed me and replaced me with a non-eating robot??? I am so rewarding myself for this!  Don't know what form that will take, but damn I'm impressed with myself! Resisting that kind of temptation while drinking.  I'll have to figure out the calories later (too drunk now) but it was very moderate for that type of restaurant. Damn, I rule! I rock!  I am the BOMB.  And thank god, because I had four glasses of wine, and will probably have two more later tonight.  7:45 p.m. Okay, DOUBLE points to me.  Bucko brought home a Wendy's salad for me, AND french fries. I ate FOUR fries.  And half the salad.  Man, I am doing so good.  I'm so impressed with my strength.  My only failing today is not drinking the water.  Mostly because I was out all day and didn't have the opportunity, not that I'm excusing myself.  I've seen other people write that eating a particular thing might feel good but that it just doesn't feel as good as losing weight.  I've never quite gotten that, but it's starting to make sense.  Like as delicious as that shrimp dip was, it wasn't as delicious as staying on my plan and getting to brag about myself (to myself) about how strong and wonderful I am. 
    
    


    
       MONDAY, FIRST DAY OF WEEK TWO!!!  Which makes this Day Eight.  We are having a big old celebration today, because I got through Week One with flying colors!  Here's the count for WEEK ONE:    calories consumed: 11,625    goal calories tppw: 9,121    goal calories oppw: 12,614  I am 2,511 calories over the goal for tppw. Therefore, I should have lost one pound, with 989 calories left over, which in a laboratory setting would equal another .28 of a pound.  So about one and a quarter pounds.  Therefore, I now weigh 258.75.  Hee hee.  This is hilarious, the whole thing is on paper (on electrons).  I don't know what I weighed to start with or how much, if any, I really did lose.  This seems to be an exercise in faith for me. I'm going to simply believe that it's working.  It has to be that way at first anyway.  A scale is not able to reliably detect whether I've lost a pound or not. There's too much fluctuation for that to register for real.  It might say I'd lost 4 pounds, but 3 of that is water, not permanent.  So we'll leave the scale alone for now.  Back to today:  overslept terribly.  I didn't get up until 8; it's 8:38 now and I haven't even had breakfast yet.  So exercise will be a little late today. I think I will tape Dr. Phil so I have that available in case Ellen is dull. Oh please let the glider arrive soon!  Had a wonderful time with Daisy last night.  I missed her SO much, and it broke my heart that she could go two weeks without me.  I know that's silly, she's lived 32 years perfectly well without me. It's not that I want her dependent or clingy, I guess it just hurt my feelings (or maybe ego) a little.  Anyway, she's back in town and we have grandiose ideas for our Plan 9 and how we're going to change our lives. So yay.  And I'm on the Mac today; with Bucko back at work I can probably get access enough.  That's nice.  So, this week I'm going to start tracking water consumption.  I want to drink 80 ounces a day. That's ten eight-ounce glasses.  My water glasses are 12 ounces, so I need to drink 6.6 glasses, which I will round up to 7.  I need to drink 7 glasses of water a day.  I know I'm only drinking 3-4 glasses now. And in a random note: removing the skin from the chicken is definitely worth it.  I LOVE the skin, but it adds so many calories, I can have a whole nother piece for the same amount.  11:29 a.m. Finished the hour exercise. Hard going!  The first half hour was good, I worked really hard, but dragged the second part. Barely picking up my feet by the last quarter. Also I'm starving.  I'm having more water now to fill up, because I don't want to eat until 12:30 or 1:00, since I am running behind.  I don't want to be slave to the clock, but I'm trying to spread my meals out, so I don't eat my day's "allotment" in the first five hours.  Really excited about Week Two.  Bucko and I have once again resolved to limit ourselves to "Drinking Nights," which are Tuesday, Friday, and Saturday.  That will cut another 400 to 1000 calories from my weekly total. I like the way I'm treating this as an exact science, even though I don't actually know a) how much I weigh, b) how many calories I used to eat, c) how many calories I should eat, d) how many calories I'm burning in exercise, and e) my ass from a hole in the ground.  1:08 p.m. Delicious lunch of leftover chicken.  I decided to have four pieces — two legs and two thighs — but didn't realize the plate had five pieces. When I sat down to eat it, I thought "oh well, then I'll just have five."  Uh-uh. Hit the brakes on that one. I was so hungry I wanted to eat forever. But came to my senses and realized, I won't still be hungry after four pieces.  I don't have to keep eating just because it's good. I mean, chicken isn't THAT good.  So I ended up eating only three pieces.  That's so much better, it leaves me room for a snack later and it was a good exercise in stopping in time.  2:27 p.m.  Cleaning out the closet upstairs. What a mess!  I'm trying to carry some of it out to the garage, but can't take too many trips up and down the stairs.  Had a really strong craving for something sweet.  Had an apple, that seems to have taken care of it. Doing well with the water too.  I'm starting to track fiber also.  I'm not sure it's as meaningful as if I also track the sugar part of the carbs, but I think this is as much of a chart as I can take.  It's enough to give me a good picture and it's fun and interesting to maintain. Any more and I'll either lose interest or I'll focus too much on filling out a chart instead of living.  3:13. My tight jeans seem looser today than a few days ago. Hope that's a true sign. Feeling hungry again, and it's early in the day. I'm drinking more water. Going to get a little more exercise this afternoon, even if it's just packing.  I don't want my metabolism to slow from eating less.  4:05 p.m.  Taking down the blinds in the bathroom. Dusty!  Also dull.  I'll try to finish, but taking out all those screws by hand is killer.  I got my water quota done today by 3:30.  Good news, I won't be up peeing all night.  Haven't planned dinner yet, but we have a little piece of salmon.  I think the ribs are still frozen.  Of course we can have a vegetable-intensive meal with just a tiny bit of fish.  I can see I need to shop more often than usual, since we're not eating fast food anymore.  I have 811 calories left for today. And I'm babbling again.  5:25 p.m.  I can't believe how often I feel the need to "check in" here. It's just been my whole life for the past week, and I'll write any trivial nothing just to be writing and thinking about losing weight. Maybe that is what will make it work this time, maybe somehow I've developed the focus and interest to do it, and managed to set aside the resentment and onerousness.  Because honestly, it pisses me off that I should "have to" lose weight.  It pisses me off that people judge me, in all aspects of my character, based on this single physical attribute. I hate the societal pressure for women to lose weight to look good.  It's one thing to lose for health, but as far as looks, hey go fuck yourself.  Having salmon, steamed broccoli, and black bean salad for dinner. It will be a pretty big piece of salmon, around 8 ounces. Made a sauce/dip for the broccoli out of no-fat yogurt with about a tablespoon of gorgonzola cheese, ginger, and fresh ground pepper.  It's not bad — the tanginess of the yogurt doesn't go with everything, but it's nice with most vegetables. The bean salad is a can of black beans, a can of "Mexican" diced tomatoes, and a handful of leftover lettuce.  It's pretty and colorful, and has a wonderful texture. 
    
    


    
       Sunday. DAY SEVEN!!  I am so excited to be on the last day.  I did really well last night at Capper's.  Before I've even added in my calories, I'm going to congratulate myself. Two drinks, a salad, and a dinner roll (the roll was irresistible). I probably have gone over my target, but I still was remarkably restrained in an environment where I could have easily added on another 1000 to 2000 calories.  OK, just added up my calories for yesterday. 1920.  Not bad!  That means I'm at 10,032 before eating anything Sunday, which means I still have almost 3,000 calories left just for today (for oppw). I'm over tppw by 911 calories.  I certainly won't eat 3000 today, so I guess I'll lose somewhere around a pound and a half.  Since I'm not weighing myself, I can't imagine how I'm going to track progress on these terms. But as I've mentioned, one or two pounds isn't going to show up on me anyway.  I'll need to do this for a month before I can see any difference.  I guess I'll just go with how my clothes fit.  If I really do start losing weight in a noticeable way, maybe I'll buy a scale for inspiration.  I'm pretty psyched up for next week, hoping I can beat this week. Saw a really funny sketch on Mad TV, of a QVC show where two tiny thin women were doing the sales for a Plus-Size clothing line, and making nasty comments about the fat model. Then the model gets sick of it and turns on them. She says something to the first one like "What are you so righteous about? You have the body of a 10-year-old boy. When you were puking up your third breakfast this morning, did you also puke your personality into the toilet, because that's where you left it."  And to the other women, something about "You're so shapeless you look like a Pez body with a Bitch head."  I LOVE that line. With a bitch head. Hee hee hee.  2:56 p.m.  Just finished with the wood piling.  That's it!  I am TIRED, but glad to have gotten the exercise.  Daisy is going to come over around 4:00, and is bringing wine or beer.  I'm glad I had the small lunch (270 calories), because that will give me some leeway for drinking and snacking.  Drinking seltzer water now to keep my stomach full until then.  I am starving, so probably will cut up some celery, cucumber, and carrots.  Also I want to congratulate myself that I've been to the supermarket twice since the beginning of my "diet" and also to a restaurant, and I resisted the temptation to buy any sweets.  I LOOKED at the Skinny Cow ice cream in Lowes, to make sure they have it, but I didn't buy any.  I'm reading over what I wrote on Monday, and I've come a long way just in this one week. 
    
    


    
       Saturday, Day Six. Can you believe it?  Almost through a week.  A little difficult to figure yesterday's calories. We had a dinner of leftovers and tiny smidgens of stuff, so I'm making a best-guess.  Once again, too much wine. That was my highest day of calories so far.  It's not a horrible amount, so I don't feel like I fell off the horse or cheated or anything like that, it's just a reminder to pay attention to what I'm eating.  We're going food shopping this morning, which is good. I need to replenish the tomato juice and vegetable sitch.  Not sure about the seltzer water. I don't have a headache today, but I had a bit of one late last night. Of course, that could have been the wine!  Which I must drink less of!  Time to start having wine spritzers.  Not what I would do with a good wine, but it will be fine with the cheapie stuff we usually get.  Delicious lunch of veggie sandwich in whole-wheat pita.  Not enough food though, you can't pack much into a pita.  So also had the last leftover drumstick. That's actually fewer calories than the pita alone. Bread sucks!  Drinking lemon-lime seltzer today.  Didn't exercise this morning, since I got up late and we went grocery shopping. Will have to work it in this afternoon.  So I figured my weekly amount of calories should be 12,614 to lose oppw; 9,121 to lose tppw.  Right at this moment I'm at 8,112 with a day and a half left in the week.  So I don't think I'll make tppw, but I should be good with oppw. Hee.  Definitely have to crank this up, I am not going to be patient enough for oppw. Damn wine!  3:09 p.m.  Taking a little break from cutting and hauling wood. Oh yes, this will account for my exercise today.  It isn't quite backbreaking, but it's very hard work. Good.  My, what a change in my life, deliberately looking for opportunities to exercise.  5:07 p.m. Done with the wood for today. We didn't get all of it done, there's SO much to do.  I can see we're going to need help loading the truck next weekend. Not sure who we can sucker into it.  I'm drinking wine coolers, which are kind of nasty, but obviously a much better deal calorie-wise and probably better for my liver too.  Had a little snack of cherry tomatoes. I looked up tomatoes again in the food counts book, and I think I've been overestimating significantly. I'm going to go with 11 calories for ten cherry tomatoes.  Also, they're actually called "grape" tomatoes" because they're so small.  I figure we can have that shrimp salad again for dinner, because I've got all the pieces for it. Shrimp, lettuce, tomatoes, mangoes.  Mmmm.  I might get inspired enough to start tracking fiber on my charts.  Most of the carbs I'm eating (besides wine) come from vegetables, but without tracking fiber there's no way to note that it's not from sugar.  I like the stream of consciousness style of journal I'm doing here.  It's all so trivial and random, just whatever thought pops into my head.  Definitely not blog material, nothing here that would interest or amuse anyone else.  7:10 p.m.  I'm at 1495 calories right now, and we're getting ready to go out to Capper's.  I really don't want to be writing in here tomorrow about how I blew it tonight, so I need a strategy.  OK, I'm going to have vodka and soda. One of those is 65 calories, so I can afford to drink a couple.  And I'll have water with each one, to keep hydrated and slow down the alcohol consumption.  OK, that sounds good.  Oh boy, one more day to go in week one! I'm at 9,607 calories right now; 12,614 to lose oppw; 9,121 to lose tppw. So unless I go completely crazy tomorrow, I should have lost ONE POUND this week! 
    
    


    
       Friday, Day Five. Feeling OK today.  Slept OK, a little restless but not bad for me.   I'm pretty happy with the soup for breakfast.  That's the least emotionally important meal of the day for me, and so the easiest to have something boring.  It's a major savings of calories for me.  I used to eat leftovers for breakfast, as well as lunch, and referring to my charts of this week, that would be 350 to 450 calories instead of 110.  So I've saved 240 to 340 calories right there.  Which is well on the way to reducing intake by 500 calories a day.  Not sure how much I was eating before the diet, so I don't know how it compares.  I'm guessing I was eating a third again as much food, and maintaining my weight for the most part. Call it another 550 calories, or around 2195 total.  So actually I'm right on target with how much I'm reducing.  I might even be in the two-pounds-per-week range. I think I'd better start abbreviating that as tppw.  Also having increased my exercise from 20 or 30 minutes to 60 minutes will help.  I'm going to go look up some calories expenditures for exercise.  Holy cow!  The calorie council website says that walking briskly for an hour, I will burn 686 calories!  I think that's a little high, but still...  excellent.  "Taking a stroll" was 358 calories.  I think my expenditure has been somewhere between those two.  More than strolling, but perhaps not as vigorous as brisk walking.  That's what I'm saying about not being able to exercise as hard as I would like. I mean, I can't RUN.  And I can only walk so fast because of knees and feet.  I can't jump around too much for the same reasons, and also for the stair-stepping.  That is a good workout, but it's hell on my feet.  Also, the calorie council website recommends fat intake of less than 35% of the diet.  I am doing WAY less than that. Way less. Like 10%.  Some of my foods are hard to track because they're such a small portion.  Like, I can't put NOTHING, but it's hard to figure how much it is.  I might put a can of tomatoes in the bean salad, but I drained the liquid out. So how much of a can is left?  The actual serving I ate might have had four or five chunks of tomato in it. How much of a whole tomato is that?  I'm just doing my best guess, and estimating high.  The "Food Counts" book is hard to use, I might try referring to the calorie website.  I read about "Skinny Cow" brand low-fat and no-fat ice cream bars and sandwiches. They look pretty good. 130 calorie each, 0 or 20 calories from fat, 22 grams carbs.  So it's not like they're GOOD for you, but if I have an uncontrollable sweets craving, it would be better to treat it this way than go get an entire Lindt bar. Looks like Lowe's, Food Dog, Kroger, Harris Teeter, and Wal-Mart all carry them.  10:51 a.m. Finished an hour workout.  Managed to work a little harder today. Did stair stepping interspersed with total gym and the little dumbbells.  I was just dragging the last 15 minutes.  Also starving.  Had a glass of tomato juice.  I'm trying to resist the mid morning snack, and am having cherry flavored seltzer water instead. That will also be my test to see if I get a headache.  I'm completely addicted to this little journal now.  It was making me very edgy when Bucko was on the computer and I couldn't write in here.  I moved over to the PC so I could have access all the time.  I guess I just have to make this my life for now. That's been pretty easy to do since I'm not working, I don't know what it will be like when (hopefully) I'm back on the job.  Speaking of which, I have no idea what my employment status is. There's a rumor the office will be closed down this year.  Don't know if that means "sometime this year" or "January 1."  Since it's already the 2nd, you'd think we would have a little notice, but I wouldn't count on it.  I hate that place terrifically and want to get out, but I can't deny the convenience of the paycheck. The large paycheck.  I worked ONE hour in the second half of December, so my paycheck will be about $20.  As opposed to $1600 or so.  That's a little scary.  I just transferred $1000 from savings to get through the first half of January, and I'm not sure it's enough. We just spent over $300 on getting the HVAC fixed.  If I don't get some hours in the next two weeks, we'll be living off savings.  It would be nice to sell a piece of furniture; I've got to get that stuff somewhere people can see it.  I'm not keen on Asheville, the one table I have up there hasn't sold. Not to mention the prices are quite low.    Gross. I hate work.  I'm going to go make veggie burritos for Bucko's work lunches now.  The burritos turn out to be approximately 400 calories each, 19 g protein, 57 carb, 13.5 fat.  Most of the calories and fat come from the tortillas.  I mistakenly bought the fat-containing brand this time. At least it doesn't have lard.  Had a rather rich lunch, with the porkloin and all. Delicious though.  Today is going well.  4:08 p.m.  Finished the first sanding and patching of the bathroom. I'm just having the last of the cherry seltzer, so that will be one liter I've drank today.  Very happy I'm halfway through Day Five.  Right now I've had 656 calories.  I think that's about right — I'm halfway through my goal amount, and I have dinner left. That always tends to be the biggest meal.  I'm really happy with how low-cal the shrimp salad was.  Not just the lettuce, but the shrimp were a bargain too. 15 shrimp, 83 calories. That sounds too small, I'm going to check the book again.  No, it's right. 4 large shrimp are 22 calories. That's 5.5 calories each, so for 15 it's 82.5 calories. Excellent.  How can they be so little?  Ah, calorie counting.  How obsessive and horrible.  I hate it, and yet I need to embrace it to do this thing.  Wouldn't it be so wonderful if it worked?  I wish so much I could have done this a year before Tahiti.  And I tried, I mean look at the beginning date of this journal.  It wasn't working, and I hope the results are different this time.  I think so, because I'm willing to modify my behavior a great deal now, whereas before I think I was too hung up on the concept of fairness.  Anyway, I hate the thought of going to Tahiti fat.  Yeah, another fat American. Gaaah.  I don't know why white people aren't allowed to be fat. Polynesians are kind of heavy.  So are a lot of African Americans, and Latinas.  Those girls on Univision are hot!  Well fuck it, white women are too allowed to be fat, because I'm fat, and I'm very hot, and no one can tell me what I'm "allowed," so there.  For all this calorie-counting and writing, I'm actually not obsessing about food.  I haven't been hungry much and haven't felt deprived.  Can't wait for the glider!  Could be as little as six days, maybe the end of next week. 
    
    


    
       Day Four. New Year's Day. I'm at the half-way mark of the week.  So, not so bad on Wednesday, especially for New Year's Eve.  Not quite where I want to be, but not too bad.  I'm still in the lose-a-pound-per-week range.   I almost cheated in tracking my food yesterday, because I ate so much compared to the other two days.  I filled out my chart before I ate dinner, with approximations of amount that I could finalize after the meal. But I hadn't taken into account the gorgonzola sauce or the black bean salad, and definitely not the drinks.  So I almost didn't put them on the chart, because I didn't want to see my totals go up too high.  But I'm not going to do it that way.  There's no point in this if I'm going to lie or try to create some kind of false impression.  Who am I lying to? There's no one else involved in this besides me.  I've got to give up the notion of "proving" that I don't overeat.  I know I don't, and it has nothing to do with the concept of dieting to lose weight.  I don't have to prove it to anyone.  I guess I think that if I diet and lose weight by doing so, it means that my whole life I've eaten too much and that's why I'm so fat, and it's all my fault.  That I have a faulty behavior that I could have fixed and didn't. That my whole life was wasted through my own stupidity and weakness.  Well, fuck that.  That isn't what it means.  The fact that I have to diet to lose weight doesn't mean that you just reverse the polarity to see the opposite result.  Slept really crappy last night.  I went to sleep too early (9:00).  I woke up at 12:30, and watched TV until about 3:30.  The whole South Park movie.  I didn't even get up until 9 today (my normal exercise time) so I can see it's going to be hard to fit it in today.  I might have to do it in pieces instead of an hour straight.  A little frightened today thinking about having to do this for a year.  That's more-or-less the amount of time it would take me to get to a reasonable weight.  52 weeks times two pounds a week, is 104 pounds, which would bring me to 156.  So it's more likely to be longer than a year, because I may not achieve the 2 pounds, and will probably have some backsliding and plateaus.  I haven't thought in terms of goal weight yet, but I think 150 has been floating around my mind.  Maybe 135, but I'd have to see what 150 was like first; 135 might be too thin.  So I'm looking to lose 110 pounds, maybe 125 pounds. That sounds so crazy!  That I can lose an entire normal bodyweight. God, how did I get to be so fat?  You know, when I look in the mirror, I don't look that fat to me.  It's not until I see a photo that I'm stunned by it.   So anyway, I don't like the thought of doing this for years.  But, I'm going to look on the optimistic side, and realize that I've been eating very delicious, varied food on my diet, so it's not like a sentence of celery and grapefruit.  This is mostly portion control and cutting out the unnecessary calories from condiments.  As far as the exercise, maybe if I get fit enough, I will actually enjoy doing it, and be able to do more.  It could happen.  11:38 a.m.  Feeling kind of cranky.  I think it has to do with no exercise today.  I did ten minutes, and figured I'd do another 10-15 in a while, repeat until I have my whole hour down.  Maybe I should have done more in one swell foop.  We're planning on taking our New Year's walk around Lake Lynn today, which I think is at least a mile, maybe even two, so that will be good, and certainly counts toward the exercise.  Oh, I can't wait for the glider.  It's about the only exercise I've been able to do that lets me work really hard.  Because of knees and feet and impact, it's difficult for me to move very quickly or for any great length of time.  The glider lets me "run" without pain and damage, so I can exert more and get a good heartbeat.  I don't think I've moved my heart rate into the fat-burning range for months, if not years.  2:18 p.m. Back from the lake. Yep, seems to be two miles around, and I've got my hour's exercise accomplished.   4:54 p.m.  Finished stripping the wallpaper.  Now I will have to sand, patch, sand again, prime with oil, and paint.  Fortunately we never use that bathroom, so it's no hardship to have it torn apart for a couple weeks.  Still full from lunch, so that's good.  Definitely feeling better after walking and stripping. Heh.  7:40 p.m. Delicious dinner — shrimp on lettuce salad, with mango and cherry tomatoes, and a side of sliced cucumber and radish and one of steamed carrots.  Also I see I have room for one or two glasses of wine, which would be nice. Overall a pretty good day.  No headache, which doesn't bode well for the seltzer water. That is so damned disappointing, because I really like that stuff and it helps me drink enough water.  So I'm almost through Day Four, and the whole week has gone very well.  Of course, this is what I've spent all my time and focus on, and I expect that will be a challenge to maintain.  After the full week, I will spend some time analyzing what I've been eating, and see where I can make improvements. Also I'm quite proud that I've exercised an hour each day so far. Haven't let myself off the hook once.  I know one of my danger points is boredom, and another will be eating in restaurants. We both love restaurants, and the food is so rich and the portions are huge.  Assuming I can make myself take home half of it, it's still far beyond what I should be eating.  I don't see any point in going to a restaurant and ordering salad, so I think the wisest course is to avoid eating out as much as possible.  Then when we do, we can order regular food, but it will be so infrequent as to not sabotage my entire diet.  Did I mention I can't wait for the glider to get here? 
    
    


    
       7:23 a.m. Sunday. I guess I feel okay, except for being tired. I woke up at 5:00 a.m., and couldn’t go back to sleep.  I couldn’t get comfortable in bed, and my mind was filled with squirrelly thoughts. Nothing major, just things I need to remember, chores, bills. That kind of thing. I went downstairs to watch TV and thought I would fall asleep in the chair, but I didn’t. I finally gave up a few minutes ago and made coffee. I don’t know what caused it.  My hip still hurts, that’s bad news. I’m afraid it might be in the joint and not the muscle.  My numbers yesterday aren’t bad for a drinking day. Also, limited myself to three drinks. Yay for me.  I need to do something to change this, and I think I will take the advice of Dr. Phil, who says willpower doesn’t work. Willpower comes and goes. You have to change your life so that the opportunity isn’t there. So it might be wise to stop buying vodka. Buy a bottle of wine for drinking night, and that’s it. Red wine, because I don’t drink that so quickly. I will see if Bucko is willing to try that for a while. Again I want to note that I seem to be allergic to alcohol. I get a stuffy nose from one drink.  An interesting tip for avoiding eating when hungry: engage in a highly-scented activity, such as polishing your nails or cleaning furniture with lemon-scented oil. Umm, okay.  I’ve decided to track my total minutes exercising for each week. I’m setting 300 minutes as my minimum goal. I’ll total them up on Sundays, because I rarely exercise on weekends. I’m going to count only deliberate exercise, not incidental exercise. When I get back from vacation, I would like to weigh myself at the doctor’s and get an official weight; recalculate my BMI and BMR; start counting my BMR calories and subtracting exercise from that figure.  If I feel that energetic!  5:19 p.m. I am SO crabby.  It came on me very suddenly as we were driving around looking at neighborhoods.  It’s so intense that I have to suppose it’s related to hormones or something I ate.  I mean, I am so foul I can barely force myself to speak civilly to Bucko. Every single thing he does or says is making me FURIOUS.  I guess I have to blame the chocolate; I haven’t eaten anything else unusual today or yesterday. Boy!  I don’t remember having a reaction to chocolate like this in the past, it must be from removing it from my diet for so long. I’m not used to it anymore.  Also I was so hungry when we got back from the ride that I ate half a rib.  That’s going to affect how much I can eat for dinner.  I think I let myself get too thirsty and too hungry this afternoon, and then couldn’t catch up.  8:18 p.m. I have GREAT numbers this week.  I should have lost almost two pounds.  I’m going to drink more water tonight and make sure I don’t eat anything else, so I end the week well. I’m glad I got in such low numbers before vacation, maybe I can continue for the rest of next week. We leave on Friday, and I just don’t know what it’s going to be like. There’s no way I’m going to fly halfway around the world in order to deprive myself of great food, but I’m going to try to balance it. I don’t have to eat hugely or richly every single meal. I can experience the restaurants and local cuisine without going crazy. I hope.  I’m planning on having a little notebook with me so that I can keep SOME sort of record, though since all our meals will be out, I won’t be able to be super accurate. That’s okay, I’ll just make my best guesses as to WHAT I ate, and then when I get home I can try to figure out the numbers. 
    
    


    
       8:05 a.m. Saturday. Only two more days in Week Nine.  Feel pretty good today. However, I’ve got a sore spot around my left hip.  It’s so hard to pinpoint I’m not sure whether it’s in my back, my thigh, or my hip. At any rate, it hurts when I walk.  I think I overdid it with the exercise lately. I will take it easy for a couple days, since it’s the weekend anyway, and hopefully recover before vacation.  Looks like the snow will all melt today (yay). I made an appointment for a haircut Monday morning.  It’s at ten, so I will have to work in my exercise around that.  2:17 p.m. Finally finished cleaning the garage, and now we move on to the office. My hip is still bothering me, when I stand or step a certain way. I’m pretty sure it’s from the bellydance, because it hurts when I extend my hip to the side. Probably I overdid those rib and hip circles.  
    
    


    
       6:59 a.m. Friday. Nearly the end of Week Nine. Feeling okay. I had  a lot of dreams, as usual, but at least not unpleasant.  Looks like we have about 5-6 inches of snow on the ground. Classes are cancelled, so Bucko will be home today. I’d better put this on a zip disk so I can take it over to the PC. Fantastic numbers yesterday; good thing because I’ve been pretty high calorie-wise this week.  Here’s something I want to mention:  I have noticed that my thighs are slimmer. The outsides of them, anyway. When I put my hand on my thigh, I can feel that it doesn’t stick out as much as it used to. Also last night in bed, I went to scratch the top of my left thigh, and thought “hey, what’s that?”  You know what it was? A muscle. Yes. There was a hard ridge along the front of my thigh that hasn’t been there before. Hee.  I’m thinking about getting an exercise ball. Because I can sit on it at the computer, and train my abs while geeking.   2:21 p.m. Puttering around the house, packing and cleaning. It’s stopped snowing, and the sun is _almost_ coming out. It’s supposed to be warm and sunny tomorrow and Sunday, so we won’t be trapped too long. Unbelievable that the power hasn’t gone out. 
    
    


    
       6:17 a.m. Thursday. Feeling pretty good today.  I woke up a little early, around 5:15 I think.  Had to use the bathroom, so I couldn’t go back to sleep and figured I might as well get up.  We have a winter storm warning today AND tomorrow. This has been the worst winter since we’ve lived here. We’ve had a couple bigger storms, but never so MANY storms.  I’m really looking forward to Tahiti just to get away from the weather!    So yesterday wasn’t too bad.  The Crazy Fire was not a good choice, but I compensated with dinner, so it came out reasonably.  Once again I am concerned whether I am still losing weight.  My progress is so slow that I feel like I lost several pounds after the first four weeks, and nothing has happened since then. So I want to remind myself that the first time I was able to wear the Measurement Pants was February 19. That’s exactly seven days ago, on Day 52. So obviously there has been continuous progress. Maybe today I’ll try the Measurement Shorts and see how that goes.  My ring has been tighter for a couple weeks now, ever since I did the kitchen floor. I figured my hands were a bit swollen (they were) but surely that should have worn off by now? At least I can still take it off and on, even if it’s a bit snug.  So I’m wanting to get my hair cut before the trip, and with this weather I doubt it will happen before Monday.  I’m going to look online for a Mitchell’s.  Not sure why, I think I had a dream about Mitchell’s.  I would like to find a good hair stylist that I could stick with, but since I only go every couple years that’s hard to find. Maybe if I found one I liked, I would go more often. Whatever.  8:13 a.m. Boy, I REALLY don’t feel like gliding today.  Can’t weight lift because I did it yesterday. Can’t say I feel like Richard Simmons or Cindy Crawford, either.  Maybe I can do more belly dance.  I’d prefer something mindless, but just can’t face any more gliding. Unless there’s something really absorbing on TV, it becomes dreary.  Don’t worry, I still like the glider over most other forms of exercise, but I need something to watch and Dr. Phil has sucked for quite a long time.  There’s nothing on until 10, when Ellen comes on, but that’s too late in the morning to exercise. Breaks up the day too much.  I made a separate home page for all my weight loss links. It’s pink. Hee. I’ve been screwing around with it instead of exercising. But I’m going to exercise. Soon. Really.  10:14 a.m. OK, I did the belly dance tape.  I’m not sure how to figure the calories, but what I’m going to do is this: a 35-minute workout, with 10 minutes equivalent to dusting (the warmup, 44 calories), 10 minutes equivalent to disco dancing (the ending part, 115 calories), and 15 minutes equivalent to walking the dog (the middle part, 123 calories).  Also tried on the Measurement Shorts, and sure enough they’re a wee bit closer to buttoning. And on a different subject: I am damned tired of this snow and ice and sleet. We can count on being stuck in the house for at least two days, which isn’t so bad in itself, but it’s so likely the power will go out. I have to fill up the bathtubs for flushing the toilets, fill up some pitchers for drinking water, cook up a bunch of food, do laundry, make extra ice for the cooler, etc. etc. It’s taking up too much time.   11:23 a.m. I’m cooking chicken in anticipation of power failure, and the smell is driving me wild. I’m starving!  I had an apple and another glass of water, but it’s hard to keep my mind off.  I don’t want to eat until 12:15, so I have a long way to go. I have discovered an activity that I link with eating in my mind: reading.  Whenever I sit down to read I want a snackie.  So far I’ve managed to limit that to pickles, but it’s hard to break. So anyway, I’m trying to pack some more. Collected and washed off the gargoyles, when they’re dry I’ll pack them with some silk plants. I might just sit and futz around in here until it’s lunch time. I hadn’t wanted to spend all day on the computer, but I need something to distract me. Random thought: remember to do push-ups as shown on WW page (side pushups).  Also I would like to discuss a weird goal of mine. This is something that will take a couple years.  I would like to belly dance in public. Professionally, I mean, like at a restaurant, or along those lines. I guess more than just once, but it doesn’t have to be a career. But I’d like to a) learn to belly dance well enough to do it, and b) lose enough weight to feel okay doing it.  Those two goals go together quite well.  Dancing is very difficult for me, I’m worse than having two left feet.  I seem to have some sort of weird mental block against understanding steps.  But belly dance uses natural, female movements, so it’s not hard to figure out. Hard to DO, yes, but not hard to figure out.  You can tell when you’re doing it right because it FEELS right.  So anyway, an unusual goal for me, but I’d love to accomplish it.  What the heck.  I can do the belly dance tape more often, once or twice a week, and I have the next tape in the series all ready to go. Then I can think about taking classes. Yeah, I’m just assuming I can find belly dance classes here; what do I think this is, Boulder? Heh. Well. I want to wear the outrageously sexy clothes, and the bangly jewelry, and fling my hair around and just be completely wanton. That would rule.  And I want to write about how I’m starting to dream about gorgeous clothes.  I’ve hated clothes for so long, but now I’m starting to think about being able to shop in ANY store. Like when you go to the beach, and they have these beautiful, exotic, slinky, tropical dresses in the shops, and they’re absolutely gorgeous, and I want them so much, and the biggest size is maybe a 12 or 14. Well, some day I’m going to have that. Oh, I have so far to go, but I’m starting to feel like I might really make it. Because I can do this. I can definitely eat this way. As far as the exercising, the only thing that will get in my way is a job. If that happens, I will simply have to put everything else in my life on LOW priority. Everything.  2:22 p.m. Bonus points for me — did 40 minutes on the glider, while I watched the second belly dance tape.  And did I mention it’s snowing? AGAIN. 
    
    


    
       7:11 a.m. Wednesday.  Not sure how I feel today. I overslept, which always makes me groggy at first.  Also I feel kind of stiff.  Not bad numbers yesterday.  I was very moderate (for me) on a drinking night. My biggest expenditure was the chicken wings, and I ended up havng quite a small dinner because of it. Those little buggers add up fast. Drank a lot of water, not quite where I want to be but only one glass short.  Today I will finish the skirt I started yesterday. Also go pick up our tickets at travel agent, take the tapes back, go by the PO and stop our mail while we’re on vacation. Not sure what else.  2:05 p.m. Just got back from all the errands. Picked up our passports from the safe deposit box. We had lunch at Crazy Fire, and boy I sure hope I am overestimating the calories, because otherwise I’m topped out for the day. That’s what I get for having seconds. I COULD have stopped at one plate, but noooooooo. Let this be a lesson to me. Yeah.  6:58 p.m. Did a little more gliding — 25 minutes. Yay. 
    
    


    
       7:13 a.m. Tuesday. Feeling pretty good today. I woke up a little early (5:30) but went back to sleep for an hour, so I’m doing okay. This morning I’m putting Benefiber in my coffee. For 20 calories I get 3 grams of fiber, so that’s a pretty good deal. I’m not having problems with my bowel movements, it’s just that I don’t think I’m eating nearly enough fiber. And I just wanted to write about bowel movements. Anyway, it doesn’t seem to have affected the flavor of the coffee.  Good numbers yesterday, almost in the ttpw range.  Here’s an exercise from the SDP that I’m going to do, only rephrase it in the positive: she says to list all the things you can’t/won’t do because of your weight. As a motivator to stay on plan. Only I’m going to list the things I’ll be able to do when I lose weight. Which might also inspire me to do some of them now.  Here’s my plan for today: going to digest until about 8:30. Then, will try for an hour of gliding, and watch that Rowan Atkinson movie. Then, off to Wal-Mart for 22 and 24 jeans, a makeup bag, a small carry-on, a broom, and some spring clothes if they have them, for the vacation. Or maybe some fabric to sew some wrap-around skirts. Depending on my results there, I might go to DressBarn. Then lunch. After, I may try to come up with an idea for the inside doors of the small armoire. Or if I have fabric, I might sew. I am going to try really hard to NOT drink until at least 5:00.  Since it’s officially drinking day.  9:23 a.m.  All I could handle was 45 minutes. Mostly because of nothing on TV. Johnny English was absolutely unwatchable, Dr. Phil had his most recent Fucked Up Family, and Carol Duvall is not good exercise material.  Maybe I will be able to do a few minutes in the afternoon.  I’ve done that a couple times, and I think it’s not a bad idea, so long as it really happens: do the most of the gliding in the morning, but get in another 10 or 15 minutes in the afternoon to re-boost my metabolism.  Been thinking about clothes, because of buying stuff for this trip.  I have never ever been into clothes. Because I’ve always been fat.  When I was younger and just slightly pudgy, I suppose I had some interest in the subject, but relatively little compared to other teenage girls. And recently clothes are just measurement devices to me. Sometimes I have idly fantasized about being able to buy normal clothes, pretty clothes, and look good in them, but I’ve never considered that it would really happen. Because I think, even when I was 15 and weighed 135 pounds, I couldn’t find clothes that fit and I looked terrible. So there’s no way at 42 years old and my goal of 150, that I’m going to like clothes. But you know, I’m not sure that’s true. Because I won’t be buying clothes in the Junior department of Fashion Bar, and because these days you can get fun stuff in women’s sizes, and also because even if I never weigh that little again, I will be in better shape physically.  I’ll have more muscle. Lower body fat. And WAY more confidence.  So I’m going to allow myself to look forward to clothes.  12:49 p.m. Just back from shopping, and here are the results:  I am a size 22, in everything except those jeans, where I am still a 24.  Everything else I bought is a 22, in Wal-Mart and Dress Barn.  My other observations are that Wal-Mart does not have enough plus size clothing, and that what they do have is ugly. Dress Barn has more, but it’s still ugly. Why are the colors different than the regular size clothes? Funk dat.  Anyway, I was thrilled to see that I fit into all 22s, and they were slightly large. Not large enough to go down to a 20, but still. Man, I can’t wait until I get to 18. That will be a major milestone, to be in the teens.  Also, isn't DRESS BARN a bad name for a clothing store?  BARN??  Not flattering.  6:15 p.m. I’ve put in another 15 minutes on the glider! 
    
    


    
       6:16 a.m. Monday, first day of Week Nine, of Month Three.  Hard to believe.  I’m hoping to recommit myself to this plan, and recapture some enthusiasm for it. Although my numbers haven’t been terrible, I realize I’ve slacked off quite a bit, in my attitude if not my actual eating. I figure a prolonged binge won’t be far behind. No, let me rephrase that, not a “binge” but rather several days or even weeks of eating normally.  It might be a good idea to deliberately include a break from the diet, but I don’t want it to happen accidentally — I’m already planning that break for our vacation in Tahiti.  So I need to get through a couple more weeks on track.  Snacking has crept up on me the past couple weeks.  When I started this, I was very rigid about how much I ate, and I drank a lot of water to push away hunger and bored-stomach. Then I added a little more food, because I didn’t want to starve myself and slow down my metabolism, so I started having an apple in the morning, and a little something in the afternoon.  And that’s okay as far as it goes, but I think it opened the doors for mindless snacking to occur. There’s been too many times lately when I just want to sit around and eat. And eat. And eat.  So far I’ve handled it pretty well by eating things like celery, pickles, lettuce, but not always. A few times cheese has snuck in there, Ritz crackers, etc.  I’m not going to beat myself up for it, but I want to stop the slippage from going any further.  I’m planning on grocery shopping today, and will probably allow myself a small amount of chocolate. Maybe not the almonds, because they’re so high in calories, but a little handful of something. I’ll get lots more fruit and vegetables, hopefully some shrimp, and be back on track.  I’m really happy about how much weight I’ve lost. Just the fact that I’ve lost ANY at all is miraculous to me, but at the same time I’m a bit depressed about how long it’s taking.  I don’t think I can, or want to, eat significantly less than I’m doing now. However, I might be able to trim a little bit and also increase my exercise.  I guess I should start setting fitness goals for myself, as well as weight-loss goals. Just read that on the Skinny Daily Post (hereafter referred to as SDP). Anyway, that’s the key to the metabolism thing, and the key to the maintenance part of the diet — the “after” part. Because I don’t want to be dieting the rest of my life.  Doing a little formatting of my [offline] journal today. Putting my week’s wrap-up in a box, and bolding progress text. Whenever I see something that says “I could button the Measurement Pants today,” I’m highlighting it so I can see that progress DID occur.  I’m going to try really hard to take my “before” picture today. Sigh.  I just hate to do it, I’m so horrified by how I look, I don’t want an explicit visual record of it. Without sucking my stomach in. Without hiding behind something in the foreground. Gah.  9:53 a.m.  I took the Before photos.  Damn. It’s pretty scary. The thing I can’t get over is how big my stomach is. It’s ENORMOUS.  Gaahh.  The other thing that bothers me is my face. I have no chin or jaw or neck anymore.  This is so hard, because I don’t want to hate my body, but when I see how I look I just feel sick.  I need to stop thinking about this.  I need to remember that the point of the Before photos is that I have already lost a lot of weight.  I want to be able to record my progress.  In a couple months I will take photos again, and be happy with how different they are from today’s photos.  And I will realize that in all my photos, fat or slim, I look exactly like what I am: a good, kind, smart, talented, beautiful, happy person.  11:58 a.m. Had the chocolate, and it wasn’t very good.  Without the delicious texture of the almonds, cheap chocolate tastes pretty crappy. Not that it stopped me from eating it. But next time, whenever next time is, I’d be better off to buy a good quality Lindt or Tobler or something, and have Bucko bring me back 2 ounces a week.  In other exciting news, my low rider jeans almost fell down at the store.  I can’t wear them anymore. Hee.  My plan is to go to Wal-mart (maybe tomorrow) and try on a 24 and a 22.  I suspect the 24 will be about right, but I will also buy the 22 for a new goal pant.  I bought a Cooking Light magazine at the store, and am going to read it while I have my delicious lunch of grilled salmon salad.  1:26 p.m. Just did 32 minutes of the belly dance tape. Which is only halfway through, but that’s about what I could handle. Not just because it’s hard, also it’s complicated — the steps become difficult at that point. Anyway, got a hell of a workout. My stomach is killing me!  I’m not sure how to estimate the calories burned. I’m going to say 200 for a half hour until I come up with better numbers.  I like this.  I’m trying to make a giant change in my brain, where I look for opportunities to exercise, instead of avoiding them. That would be an even greater change than the way I eat.  Hard to imagine.  I’m thinking of getting a pedometer (?) — the thing that measures how many steps you take, or how far you walk. Since I currently walk about a 100 feet a day, I’m not sure what that would do for me. But I’m hoping to start walking in the evening with Bucko. It’s a good temperature for it, and it will get us conditioned for vacation a little. Should have started a month ago!  But, better than nothing.  I know I should start walking up the stairs. It kills me to walk up once, I’m not sure how many times I could do it. I suppose I have to start somewhere.  So far I like the Cooking Light mag.  They apparently revamped the magazine this issue to include more entire-lifestyle stuff in addition to recipes. It’s a typical magazine; lots of two-paragraph columns, but that’s what I want in a magazine. I read so many books as it is, it won’t hurt to do some lighter reading. And that reminds me that I want to make it out to the used book store this week and find some books for vacation. In particular some more John D. MacDonald.  I can get them on Amazon for $7, but I’d rather buy a used one for $3 and no shipping. Although - Lucy’s is pretty much all romances these days, which is why I started shopping at Amazon in the first place. I got tired of waiting and hoping for something good to come in. So we’ll see.  2:41 p.m. Cleaned the garage a little more.  It’s not heavy exercise, but it’s more movement than sitting around watching TV.  I remember once, a year or so ago, I suddenly got a burst of energy for a couple weeks in a row. I have NO idea what caused it, but I ran around doing stuff all day. Cleaning, painting, building, driving, everything. I couldn’t believe it. It seemed like “Aha, this is what other people feel like!”  I wish I knew what caused it. There wasn’t any change in my life or lifestyle that I could attribute it to, I supposed it was just some sort of random hormonal fluctuation.  I wish I could have that again.  6:30 p.m. Got in another few minutes gliding with the Bucko. Now I’m starving. I bought chicken wings, which I hope will satisfy my desire for succulent greasy food. I think so. 
    
    


    
       6:57 a.m. Sunday, last day of Week 8.  That’s the end of my two month “experiment.”  And I have come in just under the wire, being able to wear the Measurement Pants. So I’ll continue.  Not that there was any doubt, anyway. I realized a long time ago that I was going to do this for a year or more.  I can’t see giving up and resigning myself to more weight gain just because this isn’t going as fast as I would like.  9:32 a.m. Putting on the rubber molding in the kitchen. After that, put the dishwasher skirt back on, the heat register back on, and we’re done!   11:12 a.m. Having myself a little glide. Bucko’s working today at the Sheraton, god knows why. I’m a bit at loose ends, not sure what to do with myself. I’ve got the kitchen as far as I can take it, I can’t figure out the dishwasher, so now I’m having a glide while I watch tv.   3:07 p.m.  Not sure what I’ve been doing today, piddling around I guess. I painted the wall in the garage, which will look much neater.  Packed a little. Had a snack of lettuce salad, and I’m trying not to eat more. I’m a bit peckish, but I have to stop the habit of snacking every time I’m hungry.  I’ve slipped a little bit in the past few weeks, forgeting that I need to break some of my connection with food.  I don’t have to eat just because my stomach feels the teensiest bit empty. Also I want to have a glass of wine later this afternoon, so I need to leave room for that. 
    
    


    
       7:55 a.m. Saturday.  Yesterday turned out better than I thought it would. I may even be estimating a little high on the drinks.  I didn’t have anything to drink in the evening — I mixed up a martini, then didn’t want it, so Robert drank it. Hoping I will have a good end to my last week of Month Two.  I’m doing a little minor formatting to the [offline] journal. Adding the date/week in the header.  I’m considering starting a new file when I get into Week 9.  This is 184 pages already.  On the other hand, this ancient version of Word is pretty streamlined, and it isn’t cumbersome to work with the file. And I like being able to search for previous calories. We’ll see.  Adding little red hearts when I do something good. Also put my goals/rewards at the top of the document. Which reminds me that I haven’t bought my Amazon book rewards yet.  In fact, I’m probably nearly at the second goal (size 22), depending on which pants I measure by. Next week I want to go to Walmart, and try on 24s and 22s of the jeans I bought recently — the low riders or whatever they’re called.  That’s what I’ll use for measurement pants to determine what size I am, because it’s that brand of pants that I was wearing a size 26 in.  Okay, here’s what I did: I decided my size 24 reward is the $240 worth of new shoes I bought already, and size 22 will be Amazon books. Because I should reach that goal pretty soon, if not already. Then size 20 will be dinner at Cappers, something that probably won’t happen for at least a couple months. I’m as far away from fitting into the Measurement Shorts as I was last year of fitting into the Measurement Pants.  Although, here is some good news: yesterday I thought the Measurement Shorts were about a quarter-inch or half-inch closer to buttoning. So that should also lay to rest my doubts about whether I am still losing weight. I am, just slowly. And not where I want it the most, around my waist.  I can definitely fit into shirts that I haven’t worn for a year. Also, yesterday I wore the underpants that I had set aside as too small a few weeks ago. They didn’t roll down my stomach. Slow progress, but progress nonetheless.  I’m going to wear my new tennis shoes around the house today to continue trying to break them in. 
    
    


    
       8:04 a.m. Friday, Day 54.  Three more days left in the Two Months.  I feel really crappy this morning. Could barely get up.  I’m pretty sure it was the single tiny slice of Domino’s pizza we had at the basketball game. Or the diet coke. I was SO thirsty from it, eventually I woke up and couldn’t drink enough, and couldn’t sleep. So I was up for a couple hours, then eventually slept again, which always makes me feel crappy the next day. Also I am very stiff and sore, more so than I should be from the weights yesterday, which is a sure sign of too much salt, MSG, or some other inflammatory ingredient. I will be very wary of diet soft drinks in future.  However, I am glad that my numbers weren’t too bad yesterday. I decided to eat the rib after all. It’s okay to eat it for dinner, after all that’s what I had for dinner two days ago, I just didn’t want to eat it in a weird emotional storm.  So that was okay, I had potatoes and cauliflower with it, and it let me have only the one useless piece of pizza at the game. And I completely resisted the free ice cream. The game turned out to be quite fun and I’m glad we went. We had quite a little walk from the car to the stadium, and I loved it!  I wanted to walk more.  Wore my new shoes, and they did okay except that by the time we walked back I started feeling a blister on the bottom of my left foot. My feet are a little sore today. But I know that’s symptomatic of new shoes because the same thing happened to me when we went to London, and those shoes ended up being my most comfortable. But if I’m going to take these to Tahiti (not sure) I should start walking in them every day to get them in shape.  Oh, and here’s something else:  I gave Bucko the Girl Scout cookies to take to work. I ate NONE of them.  I love me.  And now for some bad news: we just got a Stop Work on that CoM project. The one I was counting on for some hours this month. That means another month with no paycheck, and our vacation coming up, which means that’s the end of our nest egg.  2:58 p.m. Yay, Daisy came to visit. I had three bloody marys. Yes, I know that’s a lot. However, it happened at lunch time, so later when I’m lamenting about how much I drank today, we must all remember that it happened over a period of about ten hours. 
    
    


    
       6:52 a.m. Thursday Day 53.  Only a few days left in the Two Months.  I am feeling pretty crappy today, mentally.  I slept okay, but had lots of sad dreams. I feel like I’m not losing weight anymore, and I’m worried about money. Work was supposed to pick up this month, and it hasn’t, and now it looks like the bulk of the project will occur while I’m on vacation. We’re not broke yet, but it’s starting to make me nervous.  I don’t know about the not-losing-weight thing.  I keep wavering about getting a scale.  I know it’s not a good idea, but I’m having a hard time finding any measurement device that I trust.  I guess nothing is going to give me consistent results all the time. Like today I can barely take my ring on and off.  So I feel very fat. But I know it’s from working on the floor — my hands are swollen.  I have to keep reminding myself.  Yesterday I tried on shirts that I haven’t worn in a while, and was thrilled to see that I can button some of them now.  So I’m not necessarily losing weight where the Measurement Pants are tight.  Still, I don’t think I’ve lost any more weight since about Week 5! Nothing has become any looser since then.  Well, I have to get through this week.  Then MAYBE I will go weigh myself at the doctor’s. Maybe.  Did much better with food yesterday, although I didn’t exercise at all.  Still, I ate somewhat when I wasn’t hungry, so it’s not an unqualified success.  But I’ll take what I can get (you see how pessimistic I am today).  Reading the Skinny Daily Post, and got some motivation back.  I know what I need to do. I need to exercise more. And vary the exercise. More strength training.  What I don’t need to do is eat less.  I don’t know if these bloggers realize it, because we’re all too close to the subject to see ourselves, but whenever one of them eats too much for a week, they lose weight.  So today, I will do the glider/weights routine. That’s killer. And since I’m pressed for time, I can get a good amount of exercise in 20 minutes.  The thing is, when you’re dieting and exercising to lose weight, you have to be really focused and establish strong habits. You can’t let yourself off the hook, you have to make sure you don’t allow any exceptions.  That discipline causes you to settle into a pattern, which allows your metabolism to adjust, which means you don’t lose weight.  Maybe I can do this the smart way, taking advantage of everyone else’s experience, and vary my exercise and calories from the beginning. Almost the beginning.  Keeping a close eye that I do ENOUGH exercise and don’t eat TOO MANY calories, but make sure it’s variable.  Yeah, that’s easy to do on the high calorie/low exercise days!  In other positive news, the kitchen is almost back together. We had an issue with the refrigerator water line leaking, so that delayed us a bit.  Now I’m out of nails to put the molding back on.  I guess all told this little project will take us six or seven days.  8:44 a.m. OK, got in a nice workout.  I’m feeling better.  I need to be drinking more water, too. There’s no doubt that dehydration doesn’t improve my mood, and I haven’t been drinking enough.  Now, even though I want to sit here and type some more, I need to go get a shower and get on the road.  3:19 p.m. Oh, and by the way... I AM WEARING THE MEASUREMENT PANTS TODAY.   YES YES YES YES YES YES YES.  4:28 p.m. Here’s something really weird. Just talked to Bucko on the phone and he reminded me that the employee appreciation night basketball game is tonight. I SO do not want to go. But I kind of have to, because he wants to so much. And I mean, I really don’t want to go. Anyway, as soon as I hung up from him I thought: I must have that leftover pork rib. RIGHT NOW. I must have it.  I went so far as to open the frig and take one bite. Then I caught up with myself and said, What are you doing?  What is this rib doing for you?  And my brain tried to come up with excuses like, There’s only going to be hot dogs and crap to eat at the game, so I need to eat dinner now. Which is not a bad idea, but I don’t need to have a pork rib! At 4:28.  I could wait an hour and have a salad or the rest of the cauliflower or something like that.  Thank god I didn’t go for the girl scout cookies. I was planning on allowing myself two, but when I saw the calorie counts, I put them right in the freezer, and I will put them right into Bucko’s car, and tell him to take them away and never bring them back.  That’s not how I want to waste my calories.  I’d much rather just have a candy bar. So anyway, I was apparently reaching for that rib to have a pleasant experience to counteract the unpleasant one.  That’s bad. But I caught myself, and managed to put the food back (it’s really hard to set down food once you’ve picked it up and especially if you’ve had a bite). A narrow escape. 
    
    


    
       6:33 a.m. Wednesday Day 52.  I ate SO much yesterday for dinner that I almost decided to just put 4000 calories in my chart and leave it at that.  I wanted to avoid the horror of adding up the numbers.  But glad I finally did. Not only is it way under 4000, but I want to continue with my non-lying streak.  Last night was the first time since I started this diet that I’ve gone back for seconds at dinner.  I really don’t know what sparked this. It’s not like I was on a mad eating binge, I just ate somewhat larger portions than usual, and I quit halfway through the second plate — realized that I didn’t need to eat it.  So...  I’m not really beating myself up for it, maybe I just needed an emotional, mental vacation from the diet.  That’s fine, and today I will re-commit to what I’m doing.  I have become a tiny bit slack, so I will gently nudge myself back in the right direction.  I’m just a little confused where this came from.  It’s not like I had a big-ass craving working itself up (which I have experienced a few times) that simply needed to explode in a pizza.  This was out of nowhere.  It was a very small binge, but the reason I’m giving it so much attention is to figure out how and why these things happen, so I can avoid them or minimize their effect on my eating.  I’m looking back over my entries for the past week, and I see that I’ve been eating over-salted food, I’ve been stuck in the house for days, I’m bored, the kitchen floor has been a frustration, I have my period. Last night was our first home-cooked meal since last Friday.  I guess all those things could add up to a little binge.   So, I’m back on the horse today, and re-commiting to this.  I will have my soup for breakfast, and a lovely salmon salad for lunch.  I will exercise.  I will write in my journal.  It will all be okay.  10:20. Shit.  I have done NO exercise yet today, and have drank no water.  I’ve been surfing the internet mindlessly.  For no good reason. What the heck is with me?  Apparently I need some sort of kick in the behind.  Well, I’m on my way to Home Depot, perhaps on the way I can revitalize myself or something. 
    
    


    
       7:07 a.m. Tuesday, Day 51.  I can hardly type this.  I have two cuts on the end of each middle finger, from something sharp under the dishwasher. I was sweeping out underneath for putting in the tile, and encountered something that gave me what amounts to a large paper cut. Twice.  I’m going to buy the rest of the tiles today, but I’m not sure if I will finish the job. My hands are the most sore, I doubt I can work the utility knife well enough.  8:59 a.m. Decided not to buy the tiles today. It’s snowing again. And while there is probably a window of safe driving conditions, I simply cannot face going out into the cold and cleaning off my car, and then a 20 minute drive to the store.  So I’m going to stay home and get in an hour on the glider. I haven’t been exercising enough recently, and I need to stretch out all my muscles after yesterday. Maybe I can also clean up the house a bit.  We’ve got the stove back in place, so we can cook (yay) but the frig is still in the drawing room.   9:30 a.m.  25 minutes on the glider, and my feet are in agony. These new tennis shoes don’t seem to be working out well.  I can’t tell if they’re going to feel better when they’re broken in a little. Whatever, I’m going to have to put on my old shoes to finish gliding — I can’t do any more with this going on.  9:51 a.m. 40 minutes. Can I stand another 20?  Oh, I so want to let myself off the hook, but I keep thinking how good I will feel if I do 60.  I guess I just need a little break between sets. Watching the new Dr. Phil Dysfunctional Family. My god those people are fucked up. Way more than the first family.  It makes me feel a lot better about my own life and marriage.  Whatever little issues we have, I never have to feel that Bucko is working against me or that he wants anything other than the best for me.    10:28.  OK. 60 minutes. I’m beat.  Here’s some positive news — when I woke up this morning and found that I was fairly stiff and sore (big surprise) I noticed that I had no problem walking down the stairs.  That used to be a big deal for me, even on an average day I had to clutch the banister and be very cautious.  Since I’ve been exercising I haven’t had problems with my heels, and the stairs are easier. Going up them is still difficult, but my knees are behaving better. So there’s some great progress, no matter what the pounds are.  12:08 p.m. I’ve decided to give myself the day off, to some extent. Not regarding food and exercise, regarding everything else.  I need a break. Having decided that, I have no idea what to do with myself. If I get bored I’ll want to eat. But I don’t have the energy to start any projects.  Maybe I can just sit and read, something I rarely do any more. 
    
    


    
       7:14 a.m. Monday, Day 50. First day of WEEK EIGHT.  Ladies and gentlemen, that’s TWO MONTHS on a diet/exercise plan that I wasn’t sure I could maintain for two days.  And I want to point out that I think I may have lost more than the nominal 9.5 pounds.  My pants almost fell off me yesterday. As in, almost slid down my stomach, past my hips and butt, and onto the floor.  That’s progress. As always, I am hopeful that this week will go better than last week.  Last week was not bad, the numbers came out better than I expected each day. But I’m slacking a little bit with the exercise. I’ll work on that this week, but off to a bad start today with my glider buried in the dining room and no where to put it — the house is still torn apart.  Hoping to get the tile done today. It could happen.  The floor is levelled, so now I have to scrape off the ridges and prime it again. That will take 2-3 hours. Then I can start laying tile.  I’m a little nervous about that, because once they’re down, they’re down!  So I have to be careful to do it right.  I’ve figured out the center and where to start them, so that part is done.  It shouldn’t be difficult from here out, it’s just a little scary.  10:15 a.m.  Got the floor sanded and primed. So now in an hour or two, I can start laying tiles!  Not only am I anxious to see it done, I want my kitchen back. I can’t go another day eating fast food. Even that Wendy’s salad was a bit of a problem.  I’m obviously retaining water today, my face is all puffy, and it’s 2-3 days into my period, not the right time for that. Also I want to note that sanding the floor was a significant amount of exercise. Sure, it was all upper body, but I was sweating and my heart rate was up. So it counts.  I’m thinking about two things today: weight loss surgery and the stereotype of the jolly fat person.  That stereotype still exists, though I don’t think it’s all that strong anymore.  I’m wondering where it came from, and it occurs to me that probably in earlier eras, when plentiful and nutritious food was harder to come by, maybe fatness was seen as a positive, an asset. Maybe fat people were assumed to be jolly because they were in fact happy. They had attained an enviable degree of material success, and the evidence of it (the weight) was not despised either as a symbol or as itself. What’s not to be jolly about?  Now weight loss surgery... what the hell is with WLS?  It’s all I see on television these days, especially on the so-called Discovery Health Channel, which should be renamed the One-Continuous-Commercial-For-WLS Channel.  I admit up front that I don't know enough detail about WLS to have an informed opinion about it. But I have a bunch of questions.  In addition to the ethics of the issue, there are a couple things I don’t understand about WLS.  It seems that the traditional surgery is to reduce the size of the stomach until it’s tiny — I guess there’s a couple ways to do that.  The person then can eat very little, and rapid weight loss ensues. My questions are: what happens after the person loses all the weight?  And they can still only eat 500 calories a day?  Do they starve to death?  During the diet, how do they absorb enough nutrients? Contrary to popular myth, you can’t survive indefinitely on fat stores. Doesn’t such rapid weight loss put as much, or more, stress on the body as being fat?  Wouldn’t it be smarter to achieve a much slower weight loss, the traditional one to two pounds a week?  Is this surgery actually enabling weight loss, or is it simply enhancing the SPEED of weight loss?  I guess I can understand a doctor saying, You MUST lose this weight or you are going to die.  But I don’t understand WLS as the solution. If the person’s health is in jeopardy, then the stress of a major surgery and then the rapid weight loss is too dangerous to subject them to.  Surely starting a moderate diet and exercise program will do more for their overall health, starting immediately, than a surgical solution that actually jeopardizes their health for some period of time (not sure how long recovery period is). At any rate, there’s no way I’m even remotely interested in WLS, and I fit the criteria for getting it. Do you people realize I need to lose 152 pounds to fit my so-called normal weight?  And a slightly less shocking 110 pounds to fit my goal weight?  As they say, that’s a whole other person. That’s a serious undertaking, but there is just no way I would consider WLS. I might be very fat right now, but I’m also very healthy. My only health concerns are the greater RISKS involved — I don’t have anything wrong with me right now.  12:57 p.m.  I have a couple rows of tile down — it looks great. My knees are killing me! It’s a bit tricky to keep them straight (the tiles). The tiniest deviation shows up. Trying to do my time card right now while I eat lunch. That damn server so slow, it takes me about 20 minutes to open and sign. Feh.  5:58 p.m. Well. The floor is nearly done.  I am about 16 tiles short, so it will have to wait until tomorrow when I can run to Home Depot.  I haven’t the energy to do it now.  I am EXHAUSTED.  My whole body is sore, and my knees in particular are suffering. Not just from the getting up and down, but the kneeling on them. Also my wrists and fingers, from cutting and holding myself up on one hand while kneeling.  I am going to be sorry tomorrow!  I can’t tell how much exercise this was, because although I am sore as hell, it’s not the same kind of sore as from weightlifting or gliding. It’s more injury-sore than exercise-sore.  I took a couple aspirins, and ate a quarter-can of soup. I am ravenous, and Bucko will not be home with dinner for at least an hour. Another night of no-cooking; he wants to leave the applicances alone until tomorrow morning, so the tiles have time to “set.”  We’re having Quiznos, so it won’t be a low calorie day for me.  It just occured to me that I should use Bucko’s ice-water thing from his knee surgery. Unfortunately, we don’t have any ice! The freezer water is disconnected. I just put in an old fashioned ice cube tray, hope it doesn’t take long.  Now I’m going to get a nice book from upstairs, assuming I can get up the stairs, and sit with frozen peas on my knees. Ah, I am a poet. 
    
    


    
       8:27 a.m. Sunday, Day 49.  Not very good numbers yesterday, hope to do better today.  The kitchen is all torn apart, so unfortunately we’ll be relying on restaurant and fast food at least for today, and possibly Monday.  We got about half of the bad spot cut out of the floor. It’s very slow going, that RotoZip tool is not beefy.  However, so far it’s looking like we’ll be able to replace the floorboard in a small area and be done with it (keeping my fingers crossed).  I truly hope to get all the priming done today. In a perfect world, we’d get to the tiling also, but I know that is unlikely...  So I slept poorly last night.  I felt a little oversalted again.  I suppose it could have been the pizza, but I ate that so early in the day I wouldn’t suspect it as the main culprit. Perhaps the french fries, then.  I haven’t eaten something like that for quite a long time either. Anyway, I was very restless and waking up every 30 minutes or so.  Got a couple solid hours at the end, so I’m not doing too badly today. Must make sure to drink enough water, though.  9:42 a.m. Tick tick tick.  1:14 p.m.  We’ve got the bad piece out, and a new subfloor piece in!  Now it’s a matter of finessing the 1/4” top layer — a lot of sanding and chiseling to make it level with the existing floor. Oh, we’re so close, so close.  What a giant pain in the ass it’s been.  Bucko is working like a dog, and I take back all the ungracious thoughts I had. We’re both feeling happier now that the gaping hole is covered. And by the way, of course we found more extensive rot in the sill joist or whatever it’s called, but that’s a problem for another day.  My plan right now is to get this damned thing done, send Bucko to the store for provisions (possible snow tonight) while I re-clean and prime the floor. I don’t know how much I’ll be able to get done today, at a minimum I wanted to have it primed, levelled, and primed, ready for tiling tomorrow. In a best case scenario, we could get enough tile laid tonight to put the stove back in. That would make a huge difference in our living arrangements for the next few days.  It’s a little frustrating right now, because there’s nothing I can do while Bucko is tweaking the last layer.  I can’t clean the floor or start priming or anything like that.  I’ve put away as many of the tools as possible, but that’s about the extent of it.  Man, I can’t believe how long this has taken to do.  We’ve got about 13 hours in it right now, of which probably 8 are simply dealing with the hole. 
    
    


    
       7:44 a.m. Saturday, Day 48.  Let me tell you, that pizza wasn’t worth it.  It sucked, and it was massively oversalted, which I can really feel today.  Dammit, when I splurge on some greasy tasty calories, I want it to be good!  What a disappointment.  I feel like crap today, from the salt and also from the wine.  A sad result from my high-calorie day. Sad.  We’re planning on doing the kitchen floor today. That will be a huge amount of work, but I’m really looking forward to it. Bucko is less enthusiastic  Reading the Skinny Daily Post as usual this morning.  I have gotten a lot of good tips from her page.  9:57 a.m. We’ve got the kitchen emptied out, and Bucko has gone upstairs to get dressed before we move the stove and frig. So it’s going a little better than I expected, but slowly.  I had dreams of finishing the whole job today, and I don’t think that will happen.  I am famished already, no doubt due to the empty alcohol carbs, and have eaten two pieces of the foul pizza.  Bucko ate the other two. So at least it’s out of our lives now and we can move on. It will be hard for me to have a low-cal day with such a bad start, but at least I will be getting LOTS of exercise today and need the sustenance.  12:07 p.m.  It took all this time to get the appliances out, and now we’re removing the moldings. Then the cleaning of the floor. Then the priming. Then the leveller coat. Then another priming. THEN we could do the tile. So I think we’ll be tiling tomorrow.  Then it will be Monday, and Bucko will go back to work, and we’ll have stuff strewn all over the house and no moldings or baseboards in the kitchen. See, home improvement projects ARE fun.  6:48 p.m. No, homeowner projects are NOT fun. We found an area of completely rotten floorboard. It’s like dust.  We have to replace it, if anyone stepped on it their foot would go through. So had to run down to Marella’s (40 minute trip) to get Jaeger’s RotoThing tool, chat with them (30 minutes), come home (40 minutes), pick up spare bits and plywood at HomeDepot (20 minutes), come home and fuck around with testing the tool and making tiny baby cuts in the floorboard (1 hour).  So now it’s almost 7:00 p.m., and all we have accomplished is to make one small useless hole in the floor.  Do I sound crabby? 
    
    


    
       6:32 a.m. Friday, Day 47.  Had great numbers yesterday.  I keep trying to remember if I didn’t eat more than that, but I can’t think of anything. Excellent. Also managed another 10 minutes on the glider in the afternoon.  Feeling OK this morning. I got up a little early, maybe, but I slept a lot better than the previous night.    I think I have accidentally done some things right on this diet.  I was watching that woman (country singer?) on Oprah having a trainer and chef figure out her diet plan, and for the first month they just wanted her to start exercising and get her metabolism up before she started dieting.  I inadvertently did that myself — I started exercising every day, on the stair stepper, back in December or November, I don’t remember exactly.  I didn’t diet until December 29.  Today I need to paint the red wall by the office (so the painters won’t have to give it several coats), clean out the baker’s rack so we can remove it from the kitchen so we can put the new floor down, do the bills so I can transfer money into checking, and something else that I’ve already forgotten. No, wait — it’s that I need to take “before” photos of myself. Like in a swimming suit. Oh yeah, that’ll be fun.  I’m also two days away from remeasuring my various parts with the tape measure. Hoping to see progress there.  Other things, if I have time:  - sort through binders on office shelf and discard or consolidate.  - clean off shelves in dining room.  - remove curtains on plant shelf.  - hang curtains in office door.  9:26 a.m. Did 30 minutes on the glider, and five of that with the resistance set at the lowest. Holy cow, I could hardly move my legs.  It’s good, though, because it will help with muscle building, not just cardio.  1:08 p.m. I got a bunch of stuff done — painted the office door, cleaned off the shelves and moved the baker’s rack stuff there, packed the stuff in the baker’s rack, cleaned and packed a bunch of tchochkies (NO idea how to spell that)... I’m tired but happy.  3:44 p.m. I tried to take my Before pictures, but couldn’t figure out how to put the camera on timer or remote control.  The whole experience was kind of disturbing. Not the camera, me.  I put on my black swimming suit from a couple years ago, and was so sad at how fat I am.  I look fatter than I’ve ever been.  I don’t know if I really DO look fatter, or if my perception of myself has changed, or what.  It might be that I’m really looking at myself now, or it might be that I expected a much thinner person.  It might be that I’m getting saggier because I’ve lost weight. I don’t know, but it sucks.  At least, however, I know I’ll still be plenty fat when I do get the photos taken!  Here’s another unrelated item. I think I have been slightly overestimating my martinis. I made one and then poured it into the measuring cup. It’s the tiniest bit over a 1/4 cup, which would make it less than 3 ounces.  A cup is 8 ounces, right? Half of that is 4 ounces. A quarter of that is 2 ounces. Add a touch more, and you get 3 ounces. 3 ounces times 65 calories an ounce is 195. With three olives is 18 calories.  So 213 total. Take off a smoosh for the “not quite” three ounces, and you get a nice round 200 cals. That’s what I’m going with.  And in very related news, I am definitely allergic to vodka.  One drink and my nose is stuffed up.  6:22 p.m. Having pizza tonight!!! Can’t wait.  Two 10-inch pizzas, I’ll figure out the calories tomorrow.  Going to be high, but I feel like splurging. Also Daisy called. So good to hear from her. I miss her terribly, I’ve felt completely unanchored since she left.  
    
    


    
       7:15 a.m. Thursday, Day 46.  Didn’t sleep well last night.  I woke up around 1:00, and was awake until at least 2:30, and had all kinds of squirrely work thoughts.  I think it was from eating the red grapes right before bed. I shouldn’t eat before bedtime anyway, and maybe all the sugars weirded me out.  So yesterday wasn’t too bad, I came in pretty low. Good, to help balance Tuesday. I’m glad I decided on that high-low pattern, because now when I have a large day I don’t feel so horrible, I just think “have a low day to balance it.” Today is the lecture on abstract art, and we might have snow.  So far it’s rain, but they’re saying it will turn to snow eventually. Plus I’m supposed to go to work today. Feh.  7:35 a.m. It’s snowing. Hard.  7:48 a.m. Now it’s sleet. Whatever.  One of the things I woke up thinking about this morning is my fear that I’m not still losing weight.  I haven’t been able to get a really definite milestone. The Measurement Pants are cursed, and my next session with the measuring tape isn’t for another four days.  And the funny part: I don’t really feel like I’m dieting anymore.  I have adjusted to this, and it seems normal.  Oh, now and then it seems like a great deprivation, when I’m craving something greasy and salty and oily. But those cravings go away in a couple minutes. So now I feel like I won’t lose weight because I’m not dieting anymore. But I’m NOT eager to start eating less food to “feel” like I’m dieting!   I also want to write about why I think this will work This Time.  Daisy asked me that, and I wasn’t sure I had an answer. I realize it’s several things, in no particular order:  1. I am being brutally honest with my food intake, and also simply accepting the fact that I will have to eat less to lose weight. In previous attempts, it’s not so much that I swept a lot of hidden calories under the carpet, but I really felt I wasn’t eating too much, so I wasn’t terribly concerned about a few calories here and there falling off the record.  And I still say, No, I wasn’t eating “too much.” Not by any reasonable standards. But dieting for weight loss is not a reasonable standard, and this time around I’m willing to do whatever fucked up thing I have to.  2. My level of stress is MUCH lower. I rarely go in to the office any more, and that reduces about 98% of all the stress I experience.  Less stress equals better hormone chemistry, which equals less retention of weight. Less stress equals greater ability to stay on a diet and exercise program. When you’re super-stressed, it’s just too much to add on deprivation and punishment, which is probably how I will always view diet and exercise.  3. I have a much better body image than I used to, believe it or not. I simply no longer hate myself for being fat. I hate BEING fat, but I don’t hate myself for it. It’s not my fault.  I’m not evil, stupid, lazy, gross, characterless, despicable, whatever because I’m fat.  Neither am I viewing myself as a victim — I DO take responsibility, but not blame, for being fat and for changing it.  4. In a more concrete aspect, I am drinking a lot of water and exercising much more consistently. Longer workouts, harder workouts. I have always tended to cheat on exercise because I hate it, much more than I ever cheated on food, and this time I’m not letting myself off the hook.  8:30 a.m. I can tell this isn’t going to be a wonderful day for me.  I don’t think I’m going to exercise this morning, I don’t have time. Well, let me amend that to 10 minutes on the glider, which is better than nothing, but that might be all I get done today.  I’m just feeling a bit under from the lack of sleep, and I need to get out to the museum a little early because of the potential snow. Yes, and this is minutes after I wrote that I don’t let myself off the hook with exercise. Hee. But I want points for putting in my 10 minutes when I really really really don’t feel like doing it.  9:16 a.m. OK, I guilted myself into 20 minutes on the glider. Yay for me.  3:10 p.m. I picked up a little sushi dish at the supermarket on the way home from stupid work, and it was delicious. It’s cold and gray out, but fortunately no snow. I am glad to be home and cozy. Daisy sent me an email so now I am happy.  Making my own southwestern chicken soup this afternoon. There are five of my standard bowls in the whole batch, so that would be, per serving: 1 bowl homemade soup:	171	calories; 9 grams protein;	129.4	carbs; 2.9	fat; 4.4 fiber.  I’m a bit disappointed with the high calories, but I have to suppose it’s because my soup has less water than the canned soups.  There is much more solid food in it.  I guess I could water it down a little. Nah.  Here’s another little hint I read today: drink hot beverages between meals to keep hunger down. Especially green tea.  5:57 p.m. Here’s some interesting news.  When I tried on the Measurement Pants this morning, I ALMOST decided to wear them today. Yes, I’m that close. They’re still too tight across my lower stomach, but if I wore a long shirt they’d be OK. I decided not to because I didn’t want to stretch them out and thus lose their Measuring properties.  Also because whenever I finally see Daisy I want to wear them in victory. So we are making slow but sure progress there.  Then, for further amusement, I just now decided to go try on all the pants in my closet. Here’s what I found: I fit into all the size 24 pants with no problem at all (excluding cursed Measurement Pants) AND I ALSO fit into all the 22s.  They were slightly snug but not unwearable. You know what that means. It means I’m probably a size 22 now, or very close to it.  I was going to go to Walmart tomorrow and buy the next size smaller jeans from last time, which would be a 24, but now I’m thinking I might buy a 22.  If it doesn’t fit immediately, it will soon.  Also, I now have new Measurement Shorts.  These are shorts I fit into (barely) seven years ago when we went to Disney World. They are size 20.  Now I can’t even get them closed. Not even if I laid on my back and exhaled.  I pulled them as close as I could without really squeezing my stomach and measured the gap between button and buttonhole.  It’s six inches. Now, everyone remember that, because in the coming months when I complain about how I’m not fitting into those pants, we will be able to measure the Gap. These are not stretchy pants, so if that gap lessens, then I’m losing weight. 
    
    


    
       6:42 a.m. Wednesday Day 45.  Before anyone says anything to me about the huge amount I drank yesterday, I want to say two things: 1) I know. I KNOW. 2) at least it was over many hours. All the wine was in the afternoon.  I have a novel new theory today.  I think I might be allergic to alcohol. Heh.  But really, I think I might be.  For this theory, I have three supporting arguments. 1) When I drink, my nose gets stuffed up. 2). They say you crave things you’re allergic to. 3). A food allergy can account for the bloated stomach, and alcohol’s one of the only things I’ve had regularly enough to be a candidate for allergy. So it’s not that crazy a theory. What I’m going to DO about it is a whole different question.  Today I am also thinking about the idea of eating my main meal at lunch.  That will be a little hard to work, because I generally cook dinner for Bucko and myself, and that’s where I spend the time in the kitchen. I don’t want to do that twice a day. Perhaps I can keep the same meal times, but make the change in portion size. An idea, I keep it on ice for now.  9:39 a.m. I am annoyed with the Boca Burger.  I didn’t check the numbers on the “chicken” version, and it’s TWICE what the “hamburger” version is.  I needed to supplement my soup this morning, since I ate some of it yesterday afternoon, and I thought a Boca would be good. Damn! I’m already a hundred calories more than usual.  Did 30 minutes on the glider interspersed with 5 minute bursts of weight lifting. Very exhausting. Wore my new shoes, and I need to break them in, they weren’t entirely comfortable. Also, told Bucko about my diet last night. In great detail. I couldn’t shut up. Yes, I’ve turned into a fanatic.  11:39 a.m. I’m waiting for the paint guy to come and give us an estimate, and I feel at loose ends. Not sure what I’m going to do today. Maybe paint the entrance to the office — it’s such a dark red they would have to do several coats to cover it. It will be cheaper if I do that myself.  It’s supposed to snow 2-4 inches tomorrow, which sucks ass because it’s the lecture on Abstract art at the museum.  I don’t want to miss that, but no way am I driving around in snow. Feeling a bit peckish, because of boredom, so I had some pickles and a breath mint. Yum.  I don’t record the pickles because they are basically zero calories. My ring is much looser today — I guess I’ve stopped retaining water. Also it’s cold today, that always makes my fingers shrink. Or maybe I’ve lost more weight. I am thrilled with being able to pull my pants down without unbuttoning them, so I do it constantly. At home. Only at home.  3:09 p.m. I made new sugar this afternoon and sugared my legs. I tried Marella’s suggestion of spreading it on the cloth, not on my skin, and it worked pretty well. Next time, I will try spreading it while hotter (and thinner), letting it cool a bit and then putting it on my legs.   Here is a post about Syndrome X and PCOS. http://skinnydaily.blogspot.com/2003_03_19_skinnydaily_archive.html 
    
    


    
       7:18 a.m. Tuesday, Day 44.  I wonder if/when I will stop numbering the days like that. Maybe never, it’s kind of interesting to see “where I am.” Now that I’m realizing this isn’t going to stop after two months, I even more want to know how many days it’s been, because it will feel less like floating in a huge formless void of food deprivation.  On reflection, I have to say I haven’t been feeling deprived lately.  I have two reasons for that: 1) I’m getting used to this diet and 2) I’m eating a little bit more than I did the first two weeks. Which tells me I need to put more effort into maintaining the mindset. Last night it was very hard to have only one serving of salmon, and I almost succumbed to snacking. I felt a little hungry or maybe bored after dinner, and I had a tough time explaining to myself that I couldn’t really be hungry right after eating that much food. So I drank some water, which is my usual weapon, and it did work. It was kind of a close call, though, because it was a craving for that mindless eating for entertainment and sensory input. That’s a behavior I can’t afford to fall into.  I’ve still been good with maintaining my [offline] charts. There’s one day (Sunday) that I ate three Ritz crackers and didn’t put them in.  It’s not that I’m hiding it, but I swear I just didn’t have the energy to refigure all my numbers for the week. So I’m letting myself have that one.  I might eventually go back and recalculate.  Felt very cold last night in bed, I had to get two extra blankets. I read in Skinny Daily Post that you will feel colder as you lose weight. I wouldn’t have thought I’ve lost enough for that to happen, but on the other hand I may have lost a lot of FAT if not pounds, and that would have an effect. Either that or it’s for some completely different reason!  Here’s what I would like to do, in my pretend-perfect world.  Have the patience to get through Week 8. Visit Daisy’s house and weigh myself. Find that I’ve lost another ten pounds. Go out and purchase my own scale. Be patient enough to use it no more than once a week. Be able to track my weight and thus my goals and rewards. Because I’m really feeling the need to reward myself, and yet I haven’t even reached my first goal (fitting into the Measurement Pants).  I know I have lost weight, but apparently those pants have some kind of curse on them wherein no matter how much I lose they will always be too tight across the belly.  A piece of good news: I notice I’m not having that double-boob situation with my bras anymore. You know, when the cup isn’t quite big enough and you sort of blob out over the top. Yep, the boobs are always the first to go. Maybe I’ll be able to fit into that 2x sport top I bought a couple years ago. THAT would be nice.  I’m not using any tops for Measurement Garments because I don’t think it will be at all accurate — as I gain and lose weight, the boobs kind of change position on my body, and thus chest measurements are useless.  I’m a bit sore today from TotalGym yesterday, so that’s good. I think I am concentrating too much on upper body, but with my bad knees it’s very difficult to do any lower body work.   9:30 a.m. Just did a stint on the glider and then immediately ate a second breakfast of salmon and snow peas. Which were supposed to be for my lunch.  I don’t know what happened, but suddenly I was RAVENOUS. Not like peckish or bored-hungry, but seriously starved and drained of energy.  Not sure what’s behind that, but I’m going to listen to what my body is saying (EAT EAT EAT) and accept it.  I didn’t feel like I wanted to binge on candy or chips or something like that, so I’m going to assume it was a legitimate message from my body saying “I need more fuel.”  I should now be approaching the Period, and if I am not mistaken, last month I was quite hungry then. So that might be a normal part of my rhythm; I might need more food the week before.  12:24 p.m. Well, I had quite the wonderful morning. Finally went to the Wide Shoe Warehouse, and every single shoe in there fit me. I had to limit myself to four pairs — three for vacation and one exercise shoe. It was WONDERFUL. Oh yeah, and I spent $230.  I suppose some people might not consider that a lot, but I have never spent that much on mere shoes before. Heck, I have never spent that much on CLOTHES before. THEN I went to Target and bought TWO little nighties for vacation, and a new suitcase. $68. Then I made myself go home before I spent more.  I am sort of horrified by how I look in the sexy nighties, but believe it or not, I am (at least at the moment) mature and smart enough to say “You know what? It doesn’t matter how YOU think you look. Your husband will think you look MARVELOUS and that will carry the day.” And he will. He’s wonderful. Oh and then some perverse instinct made me try on the Measurement Pants, and I do believe they are the tiniest little bit looser. Oh yeah. I’m having a glass of wine to celebrate. That’s my rationale, and I’m sticking to it.  5:09 p.m. Just finished the daily conference call. What a pain.  Oh well, it’s a billable hour.  I just now got hungry, so I had a little bit more soup.  I was a bit worried about eating my lunch at 9:30 in the morning, but apparently it tided me over quite well. Found an interesting neighborhood today, must show Bucko this weekend. 
    
    


    
       7:17 a.m. Monday, Day 43.  First day of Week Seven.  I have GOT TO do something about my back.  I wake up every night around three, and toss and turn after that, trying to get comfortable.  I switch from one side to the other every 15 minutes.  I can’t sleep on my back, because my throat closes and I can’t breath. I haven’t been able to sleep on my stomach for a long time, because it hurts. Presumably putting too much pressure on something. I wake up with my neck, shoulders, and upper back burning.  I don’t know whether it has anything to do with the bed or pillows. That’s what I always suspected, but then I read somewhere that it’s what you do during the day that causes back pain at night, not the bed. I dunno.  Maybe it’s all this sitting at the computer.  I’m feeling rather uninspired today.  It’s those damned Measurement Pants. I just don’t seem to be making any progress, but I can’t tell. I took a few measurements yesterday, so I have something else to track. I wish I had done this six weeks ago. Anyway, I don’t know if they’re the typical measurements, but I wanted to measure a place I’m fairly certain I can find again accurately. Like I don’t have much luck measuring my waist — I can’t tell where to put the tape.   I guess I’m also feeling a bit guilty or something for my high calories the past few days.  I need to get over that.  Because I still came in under oppw, and besides I had already decided that it was good to mix up the days. High, low, etc. So I’m doing my usual daily reading of wl blogs, and that helps.   9:46 a.m. Did 15-20 minutes on the TotalGym, and then 30 on the glider.  It makes me a little nervous to not do an hour of gliding, but I can’t manage it after weights. And I can’t ignore that it’s important I do weight training.  So I hope I’m achieving a good balance.  I haven’t varied my workouts as much as I keep saying I will, but have managed to incorporate more weights and the occasional Cindy Crawford.  I want to give myself some appreciation and congratulations this morning and hopefully life my attitude a bit.  I have made such a giant change from six weeks ago.  For instance, I haven’t touched butter once since then. I haven’t eaten any ice cream or Goodberry’s.  I’ve had about a tablespoon of sour cream. Very little cheese.  I’ve had chocolate twice, and in very small quantity.  I sent the bulk of pistachios to work with Bucko when I found they weren’t working out for me.  And most of all, I’ve exercised every day for about three months. That’s HUGE.  I know I have lost weight, it’s undeniable.  I waver about how much I’ve lost, but that’s a detail.  The hell with the Measurement Pants.  When I look in the mirror I can see that I’m thinner. My face is different. My ring fits.  I just have to keep going, and mix up the exercise a bit more. The rest will follow.  4:08 p.m. Haven’t been writing in here much today because I’ve been out a lot and on the phone. Bought the vinyl tiles for the kitchen floor today — they’re gorgeous.  5:17 p.m. Good news bad news. Bad: I’ve drank three glasses of wine on a nondrinking night. Good news: my pants are falling down. Not quite off my body, but they’re sagging down terribly. And I’m tripping over them, because they’re too long now. Hee.  I decided to go back and read Day One. What a difference from then. This thing has been hard to do, there’s no denying that, but it’s sort of funny how trepidatious I was.  6:35 p.m. I need to make a little note to myself here, and I need to read it and BELIEVE it tomorrow and the day after tomorrow. This is the second day in a row that I’ve had fish with soy sauce. It’s salty.  I’m going to retain water. I’m going to be puffy and swollen, and my measurements aren’t real. So no Measurement Pants, no ring, none of those games. And by the way — we’re moving into Bloat Days anyway. So don’t be trying on clothes until AFTER. Okay?  Just remember this, to tide you along: today you pulled your pants all the way down without unbuttoning them. Yes. 
    
    


    
       9:08 a.m. Sunday, Day 42. Last day of Week Six!    Oh, I didn’t even want to add up my totals yesterday.  Not only the ridiculous amount of alcohol consumed (1232 calories) but I ate more food than I strictly needed or wanted to. Like I ate two pork chops instead of one, and the really sad part is that I wasn’t even enjoying them. They weren’t that tasty, and I was definitely full, and I ate it anyway. And the only reason I ate it was that it was on my plate. It was there, so I ate it.  That’s a big lesson for me to learn.  Well. Today will be a lower calorie day, to compensate for that. Salads and fruits for me today. And water, which I neglected shamefully yesterday. 
    
    


    
       6:58 a.m. Saturday Day 41.  I just realized there’s only 15 days left in my Two Month trial period. Now that I’ve had a taste of the scale at Daisy’s, I wish I knew my exact starting weight.  I would so love to think that I’ve lost 15 pounds. Hee hee.  Not likely, but I’m pretty sure I’ve lost ten.  I don’t know if I should start over my estimates assuming a weight of 240.  Probably not, since it’s not verified.  I guess I could drop in at the doctor and ask to be weighed, but that doesn’t appeal to me. I’m so PRIVATE about this, if not secretive. The only person I’ve told is Daisy. I guess I kind of want to have a sudden transformation, a real fairy-tale experience, where I drop the fat clothes and step forth all radiant in my new body. Like no one is going to notice up until that point.  Have no idea if Bucko has noticed. He knows we’re eating differently, but I’ve told him it’s because HE’s too fat, and I think maybe he bought it.  Or he’s letting me have my little secret.  He’s so sweet.  I’m still resisting buying a scale because I don’t want to check it three times a day, and I know I would.  OK, let’s go back to clothing sizes and forget about the weight.  Whenever I’m next at Daisy’s I can use her scale to see if I weigh less than the previous time, whatever the particular number is.  I’m starting to get a little tired of soup for breakfast, so I’m cruising through my journal looking for something with about the same calories that would be enough food, and I can’t find anything. The soup is a really good value. It’s filling, for being so much water.  Guess I’ll stick with it, at least for today.  I’m planning on grocery shopping this morning, so I could pick up something else, but I don’t know what.  Been reading the skinny daily post, and she is stressing the importance of keeping a journal. Well, can’t argue with that. But she says to record not only your food and exercise, but your weight and how you feel that day.  So when you run into a similar sitch you can look back through your records and determine how best to deal with it.  It’s a good idea, and I have already used my journal as a reference. Just not at that level.  9:18 a.m. Feeling very cranky earlier, but calmer now. Probably it was the Quiznos sub. We’re going to shop, take the videos back, etc. Hopefully clean out the garage today. Here’s something that’s been kind of disturbing me — I’m having a hard time sleeping lately because my back hurts, and I can’t get comfortable in bed.  That’s something that usually happens when I GAIN weight. Why is it happening now?  I thought as I lost weight I would become more comfortable, not less. In good news, I tried the Measurement Pants again this morning, and found that while they are still too tight to wear, I am able to button them without much struggle.  They’re too tight in the lower belly, not around my waist.  I think that’s why I couldn’t wear them back when they were nominally my size — they just don’t fit my body right. Because the waist is OK, the behind is OK, but they’re too tight across my lower stomach.  I am annoyed that I’m not seeing more progress with them.  How am I going to tell if I’m losing weight?  It is NOT okay with me to lose a quarter of a pound a week. I’m afraid I really will have to buy a scale. 
    
    


    
       7:42 a.m. Friday, Day 40.  So, yesterday. Unbelievable. When I added up my totals, I got 981 calories. Yeah, 981.  I thought, that can’t be right. I must be missing something. No, I wrote down everything I ate.  Then I must be underestimating something. Well, no I used the numbers right from the book and the labels. OK, I’ll increase my estimate of how much olive oil I used. And the artichokes. And still, only 1,061.  Incredible!  What a way to eat. I don’t know why people eat those stupid frozen dinners. You get a tiny block of food, which may be tasty because they’re better than they used to be, but it’s got sugar and salt in it, and half of it’s gravy. Really, the turkey dinner I got was 10 ounces, and I’d estimate 4-5 ounces was gravy. Which you can only eat with a spoon, or sop it up with some bread. Which I didn’t.  I ought to take off half the calories in my chart, because I only got 5 ounces of food.  Anyway, I only ate around a thousand calories, and it was all delicious food. Very happy with it. And for a nice bonus, we’re actually spending less on food than in previous months. For a few reasons — not eating out very often, Bucko is not buying lunch out as often, we’re eating less food, and we’re throwing less away. Before we’d be too tired or lazy to cook, and food would go bad, and we’d throw it away. Bad.  Reading about something called “the Wendie Plan”, a modifed Weight Watchers thing.  The gist is to vary your daily calories throughout the week, so as to shake up your metabolism and break a plateau.  I don’t use points, but I think it sounds like a good idea, I can adapt it to calories.  I think this might be worth considering.  I think I’ve already plateaued. I’m not making any more progress with the Measurement Pants.  So perhaps it would be good to shake things up a bit. AND change my exercise routine. I absolutely must incorporate more strength training.  I did little weights yesterday so I’m not going to do it again today, but maybe I will do something besides glide. The Cindy Crawford workout, or belly dance.   I don’t eat exactly the same amount every day, so that’s good, but I think I do need to make some bigger spikes.  Probably Monday would be good for the low spike. It’s not a drinking day, and I can get it over with early in the week. But instead of my big day midweek, I probably want it to be Friday or Saturday. I mean, those are going to be big anyway.  I do want to introduce the concept of varying amounts of calories over the course of the week or month. Something the person said on the website is that it doesn’t make a difference what you eat in a single meal. It makes a difference what you eat over 21 days. So that’s another good reason to not freak out at one or two days over the goal calories. As long as you get back on, it probably does better in the long run.  9:58 a.m. Did 20 minutes of Cindy Crawford, and then 10 minutes of glider. That’s all I could manage!  Maybe I’ll be able to do more this afternoon. And before I forget, I’m going to go start the timer for my water right now. I didn’t drink enough yesterday.  11:02 a.m. Here’s a couple interesting things:  I think the Measurement Pants are a tiny bit looser today. And also, my face looks different. And thirdly, I’m sick of water. Bleh.  2:22 p.m. I have been in a two-hour conference call and I am exhausted! And cold and hungry.  God, what a waste of time.  Anyway, here’s my plan for today: I am going to have one martini whenever I sit down for the day (4-ish), and then two martinis tonight, with an optional vodka and soda. I know that’s four drinks, but they’re spread out pretty far, so I’ll allow myself that.  By the way, I have written 153 pages of this journal. About 112 of them are in the last 8 weeks. I can tell this is going to be my high-calorie day, which seems to follow my pattern. I’ve already ate 547 calories, and we’re going to get Indian food for dinner, plus I will have drinks.  I’ll just try to keep it reasonable.  6:10 p.m. Looks like we’re getting Quiznos.  I’m making a guess about the calories, because they don’t disclose any info except on their low-fat subs (bastards).  I think I’m overestimating, so all good there. Bucko is late tonight, and I’m starving, and I’m probably going to have a glass of water now, and then a bloody mary (fewer calories than a martini).  
    
    


    
       7:12 a.m. Thursday, Day 39.  Well.  I’m sure excited today.  It’s been a good week so far — I came in under ttpw two days, and mostly there’s the exciting news of yesterday’s scale adventure.  I didn’t have time to write about it much, I got home late and Bucko was ready to chat, but I did manage the time to put in my chart and write the great news.  Feeling pretty good today, could have slept more. I had an actifed last night, on account of all the smoke, and those really put me out. But I needed to be up early today to get in a workout before I go to the art museum, plus unfortunately I need to call Crazy Hair. Bah. Anyway, those things make me retain water significantly, so I won’t be trying the Measurement Pants today. I’ll try to save that for the weekend.  Since I’m running a little late, I ate my soup right away, instead of writing in here for an hour, and I’m trying to get in a glass of water before I exercise.  I need to watch some of those movies I rented!  I have two left, and only two days.  8:27 a.m. Did 25 minutes on the glider and I’m exhausted.  I think it must be the salt/grease/smoke of yesterday.  I’d like to get another 20 minutes, but I’m not sure I can manage it.  I need to get ready at 9:00, so better make up my mind soon. I’m watching Gods and Monsters and it’s boring as hell, that’s not helping. I must remember to rent more exciting movies for exercising. Nothing too subtle or intellectual.  I have The Last Picture Show left — yeah, that’ll be great! Not!  Maybe I can listen to music.  8:42 a.m. OK, I got another 11 minutes in.  Let’s call it good and move on.  9:19 a.m. Getting ready to go, and not sure I want to.  My stomach hurts and I feel crappy.  I think it is almost certainly the smoke from yesterday, but I can’t seem to get past it.  I feel kind of shaky. Can’t drink the water because my stomach hurts. I’ve started feeling worse in the last few minutes, so I took a Gas-X in case that’s the problem. I feel kind of like I want to throw up.  12:49 p.m. Back from the museum and so glad I went. Expressionism and the beginnings of Abstractionism. Wonderful.  Feeling much better. Had a lovely lunch of lettuce salad with chicken and artichoke hearts, also delicious. Am treating myself to a small vodka. A sipping vodka. Yeah, I fell off the wagon already.  Let’s see if I can limit it to this one. Had to talk to Crazy Hair. What a tool. It’s 1:36 now and I feel done in for the day.  I might just relax this afternoon, or possibly glide some more and finish that movie.  You know, it occurs to me I’d better start planning some strategies for our vacation. Almost two weeks — how will I keep from overeating?  How will I get enough exercise?  Probably the easiest part will be to eat a small breakfast. That’s what I do now. I eat ENOUGH, but I don’t eat more than enough. 200 calories is enough for breakfast. Then I could probably go for a walk. Plenty of beach. When I get back, a piece of fruit. Then we can go out for the day, which will frequently involve more walking or swimming. And a few days of complete slothfulness. I’ll have to watch out for dinner and drinks, that will be my downfall.  3:00 p.m. and I’m still in front of the computer. Waiting for Boss to call me back. I’ll give him a few more minutes, but then I’m going to glide some more. No, better idea — I will glide now, and if he calls I’ll stop gliding and talk. Duh.  4:47 p.m. Got in another 36 minutes and 200 calories on the glider. Yay. 
    
    


    
       6:55 a.m. Wednesday, Day 38.  So, not too bad yesterday.  I kept myself to three drinks, and I put a lot of time between them.  In fact, I felt drunker than when I have five drinks, and I didn’t even want any more.  Maybe I can create a sort of revulsion in my mind about drinking too much.  I was reading on a blog yesterday, she talked about brainwashing herself out of wanting potato chips; she hung up sticky notes saying “potato chips = pain” all over the place, and otherwise repeating that message to herself.  Eventually her brain believed it, and she didn’t crave them anymore. Then she did the same thing with sugar and white flour. I'm not sure I want to go that route! On the other hand, there’s really nothing positive to be said about potato chips, and if you’re hovering on the edge of diabetes, have a serious junk food habit, and need to lose weight, then I guess potato chips are pretty evil.  I just don’t like making those kind of associations with food. Food is neutral, in moral terms. It is more or less nutritious, more or less tasty than another food, but that’s it. So I’m a little undecided. I just want my subconscious to decide something like: “I enjoy having two or three drinks maybe twice a week, or once a week, but more than that is not enjoyable and therefore I have no desire to do it.”  That would be nice. So get to work, stupid subconscious.  I’m planning on not gliding today. Or lifting weights. Or anything cardio.  I feel like my body needs a recovery break.  I might do the yoga tape, which I am miserable at. Baby steps.  Reading a website that gives examples of food portions as common household objects. Like a half cup of broccoli is a lightbulb size.  Am glad to see that I am generally overestimating what my portions are. When I figure I put a tablespoon of butter into something, it’s more likely a teaspoon. Good news.  2:27 p.m. It’s really weird not working out today. I didn’t do the yoga, and it’s made me feel a bit rootless all day.  I’ve been working on cleaning up my studio and the office which is still a giant mess. I can’t believe how much crap we have. Speaking of trash, they didn’t come last week because of the ice, so everyone left their cans out all week, because we assumed they would come later in the week. Nope. Now here it is the next official trash day, and almost 2:30, and they haven’t come yet. Interesting. They’ve probably gone out of business and not bothered to tell anyone.  8:27 p.m. OK, here’s what I want to talk about.  I spent the afternoon at Daisy’s, and planned to allow myself some leeway in the junk food department. When we shopped for snacks at Wal-Mart, everything was so ridiculously high in calories, I just couldn’t do it.  I mean, I WANTED Pringles and Crunch ’n Munch, but I just couldn’t stand the idea of eating 600 calories in one little snack. So I got a WW dinner, and had just a FEW of the delicious taquitos and ginger snaps.  I still came out under ttwp, even with a Coke!  I am impressed with myself. The idea of how bad I would feel about getting behind in my dieting was enough of a deterrent.  Now for the really cool news:  There was a scale in the bathroom.  I decided What the hell, let’s just see.  So guess what it was? It was 240.  You know what that means?  It means I’ve lost AT LEAST ten pounds. Maybe even fifteen.  I know I can’t be too exact with it, because I didn’t know my real starting weight, but the last two times I was weighed at the doctors, I weighed 255 and 263.  I might have even lost TWENTY pounds.  Daisy said the scale was accurate. Can you believe it?  I almost can’t.  I guess I’m not going to believe it until I fit into those damned Measurement Pants.  Which I think I will, by the end of Month Two. Which will be in two and a half weeks. Also please note that I didn’t drink today.  
    
    


    
       7:16 a.m. Tuesday, Day 37.  Had an excellent day yesterday. I will attribute it mostly to having a salad for dinner, and being so busy talking to Daisy that I didn’t even finish it. Also, it was a Greek salad with no calories of consequences except for the tiny amount of feta cheese in it. It was mostly lettuce. I might even be overestimating it.  As always, I wish I could be sure something is happening.  I know that I have lost some weight, but no idea how much, or even the time period in which I’ve lost it.  I wasn’t dieting in November and December, but I was exercising a lot, so that might have contributed.  And as always with dieting, I don’t think my numbers are good. Yes, in theory they’re correct, but I don’t think I will lose weight on 1300 calories, I think I would have to eat 800 calories.  So I wish I would get a sign that I could believe and not talk myself out of.  I guess the other depressing part of it is that if I have lost x amount of weight, I’m simply back to where I was a year ago, when I wanted desperately to lose weight.  Every time I gain a little, which I notice by my clothes not fitting, I think “oh great, there’s ANOTHER five pounds I’ll have to lose,” and conclude that it’s impossible, fighting against the tide. Like I can’t lose fast enough to even keep up with the gain. If you see what I mean.  Maybe I’ll just be the anomaly. Maybe I’ll be the person whose weight loss speeds up as they get going, instead of plateauing.  Yeah, that’s it.  I just had a really weird thought.  I’ve committed to doing this dieting thing for two months. And I’m concerned that eight weeks of effort is only going to get me a small weight loss, like five or six pounds.  Then I thought, will I go off the diet in Week Nine, because it’s “not working.” And you know what?  I don’t think I will.  Because I cannot tolerate the idea of gaining back those five or six pounds. I can no longer accept the idea of not being in a state of weight loss, no matter how slow and dreary it is.    This journal is what’s enabling me to keep this up. The only thing is, I’m spending so much time on it I can’t do anything else.  It’s completely taken over my life.  For the past six weeks, I haven’t left the computer for more than a couple hours at a time, unless I’m physically out of the house.  I’ve been writing in it continuously since 7:16 this morning (it’s now 8:43) with only tiny breaks to eat my soup and pee. And surf weight-loss sites.  Well. Let me focus on some good things today.  I went out with Daisy yesterday and ate a salad. Didn’t get the greasy appetizer, wasn’t even tempted. That’s progress, I just reread my previous entry about going to the same place with her and it was a major victory for me that I didn’t eat all the greasy appetizer nor all the salad. And it WAS a major victory, it’s just great that now I can handle that kind of thing without problem.  I can choose the healthier food and not feel all deprived and depressed.  I guess I am slowly cutting the ties between emotional need and food reward. I hope so — at least, I’ve become AWARE of the ties, but if I’m honest I have to say I haven’t done any work toward eliminating them. Perhaps mere awareness is the important part. I think I do need to give myself some rewards, though. Small daily or weekly rewards. Because I’m doing this so much in a vacuum, I’ve got to invent milestones, even if they’re make-believe.  Like when I theoretically lost five pounds, I should have celebrated.  Looking over my previous entries, I’ve been saying the same three — no, four — things since the very beginning. They are:    1. I want and need a valid indicator of progress.    2. I need to reward myself for my efforts.    3. I must drink more water.    4. I must drink less alcohol.  And I haven’t done jack-shit about any of them.  So let’s make a better attempt at all four. For the first one, I will force myself to take my measurements. At any part of my body where I can reliably hit the same place every time, doesn’t matter where. Two, I am going to browse Amazon today for books, and put them in my Wish List. 3. I don’t KNOW.  I’ve tried everything. Well, almost everything. I’ve drawn the line at carrying around a timer with me. Well, guess what — today I start carrying around a timer. 4. God. I don’t know. This is something I need to work on. I have to start thinking — and writing — about what drinking is doing for me that it’s so hard to stop. Because a year, two years ago, I had about two drinks a week. Three or four years ago I had about two drinks a month.   Let’s just continue with that line of thinking right now and try to make some progress here. Part of it, I think, is that I CAN drink more without it affecting me as it used to. Weight and age are probably the culprits there.  Secondly, Bucko drinks with me, and he didn’t used to. He drank even less than I. Now he’s right up there. So we’re enabling each other. We’re drinking buddies. That sucks.  And what’s it doing for me emotionally?  My off-the-cuff answer is that it’s numbing me, making me not feel inadequate or useless or a loser. It’s a happy pill. And face it, I’ve been pretty miserable for most of my life.  I don’t even know what happy feels like anymore.  I’m just gray.  I don’t know what else to say about it — I don’t think the reasons for drinking are very complicated. You feel bad, it makes you feel better.  What will make me not feel bad anymore?  Improved self esteem and success. Which go together in a chicken-and-the-egg manner.  Will losing weight help my self esteem?  I think so.  What would do even more is to sell some furniture, and get out of the horrid, self-hating atmosphere of where I work.  And not allowing myself to tolerate that kind of toxic environment again.  So what will I do for Item 4?  Cold-turkey won’t work, that’s for sure.  OK, I will try to stick to Drinking Days and I will also limit my drinks. Tonight, if we have Drinking Day, I will allow myself two martinis, with an optional vodka and soda. Instead of three martinis and two vodka and sodas. I will also drink a full glass of water between alcohol drinks. OK, that’s a good start. Will revisit this later. But one more pont needs to be made, although we’ve touched on it before: if I weren’t drinking so much, I would be losing more weight. Maybe that can serve as a motivation.  10:06 a.m. Just did 30 minutes on the glider. For the last ten minutes, I alternated with five minute sets of weights. It KILLED me.  I think I’m onto something here.  Perhaps tomorrow I will start doing that from the beginning, the alternating. Also I am carrying the timer with me. I’m on my third glass of water. Yay. Today, I am going to clean up my “studio.”  How can I even consider working when I can’t walk into the room?  I need to think up some places to sell furniture.  I need to get some more stuff into E.G. — it’s better than nothing.  Maybe I can do some smaller furniture type stuff that I can afford a 50/50 split on.  11:02 a.m. The water is helping. That’s probably what I needed to do last week, drink a lot more water.  12:40 p.m. Oh yeah.  I am FULL of water. Very full.  Made some progress on my studio. I got a little sidetracked in that I decided to paint the shelves in the closet, which makes it hard to clean up, because everything on the shelves has to come out of the closet.  I’m doing them one side at a time; tomorrow I will slide the stuff over to the other side and paint the next half.  Had a drumstick for my snack at 11:00.  It’s not a bad choice nutritionally, but I’ll see if I can come up with a more balanced lunch. I’ve been eating a lot of meat recently (o bacon!).  3:44 p.m. I have drank 8 glasses of water. That is 96 ounces of water. 3 quarts.  I think I might burst.  I set the timer for an hour, and drank every time. Plus extra when I was exercising. Enough!  In other news, I am finished painting the closet. The paint really wants a couple days to harden, so hopefully I will be patient enough to let it sit tomorrow, and put everything away Thursday. It could happen.  As far as my other goals, I browsed Amazon a little bit for some books, but didn’t find much. I’ll do it again soon.  I’m not going to measure myself until some of this water is gone. Maybe later this afternoon, maybe tomorrow morning would be better.  Not even going to bother with the Measurement Pants when my stomach is this full.  Also, I think I’m just starting to bloat up a bit. Just a touch...  8:55 p.m. I ended up with three martinis, no vodka and soda. Not bad.  And another random thought: I might have to buy Metamucil or some sort of fiber supplement like that. Not for the bowel aspects, but because I would like to get more fiber than I am, without the calories. 
    
    


    
       6:32 a.m. Monday, Day 36.  The first day of WEEK SIX.  A nice fresh week. Hoping it will go better than last week. I barely managed a save on Sunday to stay under oppw.  It helped a lot that I didn’t drink.  However, I did eat two Ritz crackers after I’d done my totals, so I refigured for those this morning.  I didn’t want to, it’s such a tiny amount (32 calories) and I was thinking along the lines of “oh, I can let myself have this just this once,” but quickly came to my senses and nixed that. What the hell am I thinking, let myself have this one?  I mean, I can eat whatever I want, that’s not the issue. The point is that it’s useless to record my food if I’m not accurate. I don’t have any problem with eating the crackers, but I can’t let myself get into that kind of thinking with this journal, because then whose journal is it? Some fictional person who sounds like me a lot of the time.  Watched the Super Bowl yesterday, voluntarily.  It’s the first football game I’ve watched in probably 20 years. Not bad, it was actually interesting. I think it’s because the photography is so much better. You can really see what happens, and the replays are great. I suppose regular games don’t have so many cameras working, though.  And that reminds me, although I don’t know why, that my BRAS are fitting differently. You see, all this time I’ve been concentrating on the lower half, and I forgot that the boobs are the first thing to go. And hopefully also some back fat.  I mean, I am THRILLED to lose weight on my boobs, but I don’t see them as the culprit that my gigantic stomach is. So anyway, first I thought the bra had just gotten a bit stretchy from old elastic, but no, the others are fitting the same way.  I’m buckling them in the middle row, not the loosest row. So yay for me. Or my boobs. Oh yeah, now I remember why it reminded me: Janet Jackson.  9:05 a.m. 50 minutes on the glider, and only 402 calories.  I’m kind of dragging today. I think it was the movie. I’m watching Lovely and Amazing, and it sort of sucks.  It’s about a woman and her two grown daughters, and it’s a total chick flick, but it’s dreary and stupid. The women are so fucking neurotic they’re not amusing.  I cannot relate to a single one of them, even though one is a 36-year-old woman trying to sell her arts and crafts around town. But she’s so bitter and awful and bitchy, even I can’t relate to her. That’s pretty bad.  I’m toying with the idea of putting this diary in reverse order. Most recent entry at the top of the page. I don’t know, it’s a trade-off.  It would be easier for me to search, because most recent food would be close, but I like to read back over the past few days, and it’s easier to do that in this order. I don’t want to get TOO wrapped up in the journal, I spend enough time in here as it is, but I guess I’m jealous of the websites I see. Also I really need to go to the supermarket today, and have zero interest in doing so. It’s so damned far away!  I guess I could shop online, though, and then just pick it up. But what the hell, the shopping part only takes me 20 minutes. It’s the 40 minute round trip drive that I don’t like. I might decide to go to Harris Teeter, which is slightly closer.  10:57 a.m. Yay yay, Daisy called me. Unfortunately she has to go to work today, but then we can go out at 3:30. Can not wait. I am so dying for some social life. I think it has given me enough energy to go to the store. Whee!  1:08 p.m.  Yeah, yeah, I bought more chocolate covered almonds. However, this time I bought the merest handful. A trifle.  And in other weird news, I had two pieces of bacon for lunch. I wanted to get some bacon to have with our shrimp; one piece used to flavor it, split between the two of us, can’t be too bad. And I was surprised that the calories are so low. Well, I thought, this isn’t such a bad deal, I’ll just have a couple pieces with lunch. That was before I cooked it; after I cooked it I wondered how 1.5 linear inches could possibly use up 80 calories.  Apparently I need to buy a higher-quality brand. 
    
    


    
       8:25 a.m. Sunday, Day 35.   Yesterday wasn’t as bad as I thought it would be, but it’s bad enough. I only have 1600 calories left for today. I don’t understand what’s gone wrong with me this week.  I’m not going to hit oppw, I might be able to achieve half a pound.  Better than gaining, but I’m sad to have “lost” a week.  Looking back, I can see it was the chocolate almonds and then the pistachios that killed me.  Not just for the calories themselves, but that was the beginning of my desire to snack all the time.  I had to stave that off all week.  I don’t know which was cause and which was effect.  Well, the pistachios are all gone now, so that’s not an issue, and I won’t buy chocolate almonds any more. Maybe when I’ve gotten through two months, or reached some sort of goal, then I will have a little reward that includes chocolate.  Speaking of goals, I wrote earlier that I wanted to set some, and also the rewards that go with. And I am sort of jealous of people’s beautiful web sites. I’m thinking of putting this into html. Is that crazy? Yes it is.  Let’s discuss that later. For now, what about goals and rewards?  The first goal, clearly, is to fit into the Measurement Pants to the point that I’m comfortable in going out in them. That is my initial yardstick, and it will be quite the big deal to me to achieve it.  And what of the reward?  I don’t want to reward myself with food too much.  Maybe just a little bit, like a particular snack.  How about: when I make the Pants, I buy myself about $50-60 of books on Amazon? THAT I would love.  Not sure what the goal would be after that.  Since I don’t have a scale, it’s hard to increment. I suppose I’ll move on to other Measurement Garments.  Like I have some size 9 undies that I can’t wear.  And there’s always my original wedding ring.  That’s about it, though, because I’ve thrown away most clothes that don’t fit.  If I had a scale, I would use ten pound increments.  How will I know when I reach my original goal of 26 pounds?  I can see I’ll need a scale eventually. Which I don’t like. But what the hell, dieting is so fucked up anyway, what’s one more little neurosis added on?  It would be nice to know if this was working. Yes, I know, the Measurement Pants, the looser jeans, the ring, etc. etc., but I have been fooled before.  My calculations say I should have lost about six pounds since I started this, but have I?  Have I lost three pounds? Have I lost ten?  You’d think I could notice a big difference with ten pounds, but honestly that doesn’t show up much on me. So who knows.  This is just so glacially slow that I’m not really sure it’s happening, and definitely I feel like one large meal could wipe it out.  Feh.  This kind of thinking is not helping.  I have to believe this is working to have the strength to continue doing it.  It’s not going to work if I don’t do it (well duh, but you see my point).  That’s why, among other reasons, I stopped reading the FA sites and NAAFA in particular.  I don’t want to identify with people who can’t/won’t/don’t lose weight.  It’s not going to help me.  So, perhaps I’ll base this on clothing size. At the start of this, a month or so ago, I was buying a size 26 pant.  When I can buy a 24 (of the same brand) that will be one goal accomplished. The Measurement Pants are a small 24, so that will serve. Then when I can buy a 22. Then an 18. And on down the line.  I like that, because then I don’t need a scale, but I can see progress.  I think I want to get to a 12.  I’m not sure, because apparently sizes have changed a LOT since I last wore “normal” clothes.  Back in the day, 12 was kinda medium. But there’s been some size inflation since then, and a 12 now fits someone quite larger.  So that’s why I’ll have to wait and see.  I might decide I want to fit into a ten or an eight.  Here’s my list of imaginary rewards (like I’d have the money for this...):  Size 24  $230 of new shoes Size 22  more clothes Size 20		$100 of new clothes, dinner at Cappers	 Size 18		$200 of new clothes	 Size 16		Monty Python video collection	 Size 14		A breast reduction and LOTS of new clothes	 Size 12		A cruise	  I think each of these sizes represents about ten or twelve pounds. And no, I'm not all that clothing-oriented, it's just that I can't think of what else I might want.  I’m very stressed about going to Tahiti this fat.  I’m afraid I will be conspicuous and perhaps people will be unkind.  It’s a beach-type vacation, so I can’t hide in clothes.  I don’t know how other people perceive me.  When I look in the mirror I see someone who is somewhat overweight. No big deal. But when I see photos of myself I am stunned by how fat I am. But other people tell me they don’t see it as a big deal.  Daisy did not believe how much I weigh.  She was very doubtful when I told her. So perhaps I don’t seem as fat to other people as to myself.  At least, I know I LOOK as fat to other people, but they don’t seem to treat me like I’m fat. I don’t ACT fat.  Not sure how to describe that particular idea, but somehow I’ve never accepted the role of being fat. Maybe it makes a difference in the way other people treat me or perceive me.  So maybe I’m worrying for nothing.  I have visions of people actually taunting me and yelling insults.  In French.  I’m terrified.  5:00 p.m. Excellent news — got Bucko to work out with me. We traded off five minutes on the glider with five minutes lifting weights. Almost fun.  8:09 p.m. Hah! Unbelievably, I managed a mere 1240 calories today, for a week’s total of 12,254!! 
    
    


    
       6:32 a.m. Wednesday, Day 93. Feel great. As great as I would ever feel before 7:00 a.m., anyway. Too many dreams last night, but I only woke up a few times. Didn’t take any actifed, any melatonin. This morning as I checked the date to put on my journal entry, I realized that Bucko’s birthday is FRIDAY.  Uh-oh.  I don’t even have an IDEA for a gift. Well, I think he was complaining something about his socket set last weekend while installing the new faucet, but I’m not sure that’s something I can pick out for him. I must admit ignorance of sockets. I know he wants to replace the Spyderco pocket knife he lost a few months ago. However... if I’m not mistaken that brand runs close to $200, and we’re a teensy bit broke right now. So okay, I DO have some ideas, but they’re not workable. Maybe I’ll go to Target and browse. Cheesy? Yes. Let that refute the mistaken idea that I’m living the high life — I’m planning on buying my husband’s gift at Target.    Well. I have now read all the Skinny Daily Post articles up through today. Which means I don’t have a giant backlog available so I can read five or six of them each morning.  9:41 a.m. Now I don’t feel so great anymore.  I’m 100% sure this is entirely weather-based, because it’s grey and cold and drizzly today, but I suddenly feel depressed and overwhelmed. There’s so many things to do I can’t pick one, and I feel like I will a) never get the house in shape to sell it, b) never again earn a paycheck, and c) never sell a single piece of furniture or paint a mural again for the rest of my life ever. Ever ever ever. Nevereverever.  Because yesterday went so well, I thought I would be on a winning streak and super productive today. I thought the more I accomplished today, the better I would feel. Now suddenly I’m considering taking the day off entirely, treating myself like an invalid, and doing only self-indulgent activities designed to make me feel cozy and pampered.  So which way should I choose?  The rock-like Puritan work ethic of strength and vitality and self-worth through labor and personal fortitude, or the wallowing in sybaritic excesses flavored with New Age-ish wisps of self-care and mindful soul activity? And can I also point out that whenever I hear the phrase “self-care,” I think of either a) the ability to cleanse one’s personal regions adequately after using the toilet, or b) probably masturbation.  I’m going to take the middle road — I will do ONE thing toward preparing the house, I will clean up my studio, I will go look for a birthday present, and then I will come home and take a hot bath, wax my legs, and spend the afternoon watching The Royal Tenenbaums while drinking wine.  12:43 p.m. Yes, that was a good plan.  I did clean my studio; I packed up two tables and a bunch of pictures and hauled them to the garage; I went to Dick’s and got Bucko a decent knife for $40; picked up three bottles of on-sale wine at Totally Wine; and got him a shirt and some little storage boxes at Wal-Mart. The kind you put screws and wire and crap like that in. He will love them. Now I am home and will have something nice for lunch and spend the afternoon as described, without feeling like I’ve COMPLETELY wasted the day. Also I resisted buying chocolate in the wine store AND Wal-Mart. Points for me.  
    
    


    
       7:11 a.m. Tuesday, Day 92. Not a bad night, considering how late I ate dinner (10:30).  That’s the drawback to the Flying Saucer — they haven’t any decent food. You can get oversalted, overpriced bar munchies and that’s about it. So anyway I’m not feeling too bad this morning, considering. My calorie count for the day wasn't overwhelming, either, considering there was beer. 4 beers.  I forgot to do the Monday Measurements yesterday, so I did them this morning. Sort of inconclusive.  I try really hard to get the tape in exactly the same place each time (mostly navigating by mole or freckle) but I can’t seem to be consistent in how tight I pull the tape. It’s too subjective for me to know if I’m doing it the same each time. However, IF my measurements were accurate, then I would have lost 1.5 inches in my waist (in one week? not likely), .5 inches in my upper arm, and gained a quarter of an inch everywhere else. So I’m thinking that’s not very accurate. Perhaps over the long term. Also, have completely forgotten to try the mShorts — Monday is also mShorts day. I’m going to save it until tomorrow. Give me something to do with the huge, empty hours that have become my life.  1:20 p.m. Just back from meeting with GMcN. He was very charming, very kind. I felt quite at ease with him. He seemed to like me and my work, but not quite to the point of commissioning any pieces from me. I am not crushed, however, because I didn't see it as a loss; if nothing else (and it may indeed be nothing else) it was a personal victory for me in being calm and confident and not hysterical when making a sales call on a stranger.  In that sense it went VERY well. What's gotten into me? Driving downtown, being confident around strangers... it's a whole new world.  Also went to the grocery store and then dropped a “congratulations” card at Daisy’s house and hung it on her front doorknob. Today was her first day of a temp job, and I wanted her to find it when she got home and be cheered up after a hard day. As it turns out, she called me on the way home and said she had a WONDERFUL TIME. Apparently when one is a temp, one doesn’t have to manage projects, trawl for clients, and attend meetings and conference calls. Apparently one is allowed to simply WORK, and it’s a couple million times less stressful. Unfortunately, the pay is commensurate.  2:59 p.m. Put in another 30 minutes on the glider while watching the rest of Pushing Tin. Really enjoyed it. Will someone explain to me why Billy Bob Thornton is so incredibly sexy? You know that if you knew someone like him in real life he would absolutely creep you out and you'd assume he slept in the bus station a lot, and he'd ask you out on a date and take you to Denny's and not have enough money for the tip, but then you'd STILL sleep with him (in the back seat of YOUR car because his was "in for repairs" and it would be hot and heavy and probably greasy, and then you'd feel like a total ho-bag the next day. But then you'd think about it for weeks.  You would, wouldn't you?    
    
    


    
       7:00 a.m. Monday, Day 91. First day of Week 14. Woke up a bit groggy, but feel okay now.  I had a couple bananas right before going to bed, and as always that disturbs my sleep. Lot of tossing and turning, but at least no long periods awake. Just finished my “chart” for last week, and I’m not sure it makes sense anymore. When I first started doing this, I figured out how many calories, theoretically, I should eat to lose one pound per week (oppw) and two pounds per week (tppw). Divided by seven, and I get a target range of calories for one day. So at the end of each week, I add up how many calories I’ve eaten in the past seven days, and figure how much weight I should, theoretically, have lost.  It’s a crazy system, but I had to have SOME measure of progress, even if it was make-believe, because I simply cannot bring a scale into the house. Maybe someday, but at the beginning of this little project I knew the psychology of the scale would defeat me before I could even get started. It was better, although sometimes maddening, to NOT KNOW if I was losing weight. Then the only choice was to continue the dieting/exercising in hopes that eventually I would get a positive proof. Which psyched me into continuing, to the point where I did one day get proof (the mPants). The scale, you see, would have most likely given me negative proof for quite a long time, because I’d be hopping on five or six times the very first day, and I would have quit trying by the end of the first week.   So anyway, my current chart says that I should have lost 13 and three-quarters pounds since December 29. My original goal was ten percent of my body weight, or around 26 pounds, which means that as of today I have 12 and a quarter pounds left to lose. Well, I think it’s apparent I’ve lost more than 13.75 pounds. It’s more like 25 to 35. I’m not being precise with that because my weights were on two different scales. But that’s the range.  At this point, I now KNOW that I’m losing weight, so maybe I don’t need the Pretend Chart to convince myself that it’s happening. Maybe it makes sense to continue recording my calories, but stop recording the pretend weight.  9:47 a.m. Just did 40 minutes on the glider, and I’m running out of steam. Stopping for a water break. I’m going to put the resistance on and try to get another 5 or 10 minutes — I can’t go very long with the resistance. Watching Pushing Tin, which is very good. I didn’t know what to expect from it, but it has Billy Bob Thornton and John Cusack, both of whom I like, and it’s turned out a good choice. I was so involved in the story I didn’t even look at the glider calculator until I was up to 37 minutes. That’s a first; usually I’m counting the seconds after about 12 minutes.  10:26 a.m. Managed ten minutes with the resistance on, and another ten without. It’s so hard, I can barely move the footholders more than 6 inches either direction. It becomes more like strength training than cardio. I feel like I’m stomping grapes in a barrel, or maybe doing a stair climber. In other good news, I am now on my fifth glass of water already. I know I’ve been dehydrated for a week, but haven’t been able to get make myself drink enough. Had a little lettuce salad for my morning snack, and I’m still hungry and want to eat MORE. I have to reestablish some of the patterns I used at the beginning — drink a glass of water every time I feel hungry; if I’m still hungry after eating, wait 20 minutes before I eat anything else; delay eating by finding something else to do for 15 minutes or so.  12:48 p.m. About halfway through the little box I’m painting. It’s going really well, and I am SO happy to be painting again. My back is killing me from leaning over, I had forgotten about that. Need a better set up. Anyway, the boxes look lovely, and now I’m taking a lunch break. The leftover salmon, I guess.  9:45 p.m. Back from the Flying Saucer. Met Bucko’s boss, Sally, and had a great time. She’s interesting and fun and kind. Good combination. It’s a long drive to downtown, and I am impressed with myself that I had no problem getting there and back. A few moment’s qualm, but nothing major. That’s a big deal for me, because I tend to a certain amount of agoraphobia, which frequently takes the form of being afraid of driving to anyplace complicated or where I haven’t been before. Going downtown in rush hour and having to parallel park is a situation that would normally get me in a cold sweat and I probably wouldn’t do it. But this went okay, partially because I pep talked myself and partially because I was going against traffic and ended up being able to park in a lot, straight in. A funny thing about that: it’s the kind where you have to go to the money-collection box at the front of the lot and put in money for your spot.  It cost three dollars, and all I had was quarters. So I started feeding them into Number 5, my spot. And for some bizarre reason, probably because my brain was all the way filled up with the logistics of driving someplace by myself, I didn’t seem to think it was necessary to make sure I put in the exact three dollars. I just put in SOME amount, which could have been three dollars, but might just as easily have been $1.75.  I dunno, it was some sort of mental hiccup where apparently I thought it was okay to just make the GESTURE of paying for the spot.  We got to talking about it over beers, not the hiccup part, but how do those places work? Does anyone actually count the money or do they just peer out a window somewhere to see if you go up to the money thing and pay. So when I got out to my car, there was in fact a guy opening up the money things and checking whether everyone had paid. Paid the right amount, in fact, I’m guessing. Fortunately he had started at the other end of the lot, and I just squeaked out in time. I think he gave me a LOOK as I peeled out of the lot, probably he had just opened up Number 5 and found a SHORTAGE. Hah! Once again I’ve managed to stick it to The Man!  
    
    


    
       7:31 a.m. Sunday, Day 90. Feeling good today. I pretty much slept right through.  That is, I know I woke up a few times, but only for a couple seconds. That’s phenomenal for me. I’m glad I started tracking how I feel each morning, because hopefully if there’s a pattern to my good/bad times, I’ll be able to look at the previous day’s entry and see if there’s anything that might be a factor.  Had a nice time last night, but a little disappointing. When we got to Capper’s, it turned out they were having problems with some sort of burst water pipe, and the restaurant was closed. Bummer for them!  So we toddled on up to Portobello, which is our favorite restaurant, for drinks. And it was fine, but of course there’s no live music, and sitting in the restaurant drinking just isn’t the same as sitting in the bar drinking. Why?  I don’t know. Just one of those things. At any rate, it’s a pleasant place to be, so I can’t complain, and I had only two vodka and sodas, so my total yesterday was 2137. Not good, but not a major, diet-ruining excess either (I shoot for between 1300 and 1800).  For some reason, when I woke up today I immediately walked into the closet, in a hypnotized-robot-like trance, before I even peed or anything, and tried on the Measurement Shorts. I pulled them on, zipped ’em up, buttoned ’em. Just like that.  They ALMOST fit.  They’re about where the Measurement Pants were, when I would say “Well, I could almost wear them except they’re too tight and ride up my butt and it would look tacky.”  So I’m making progress, my weight loss hasn’t stopped since vacation.  I can’t predict how long it will be before the Measurement Shorts fit; with the Measurement Pants, it was exactly one month from “almost fit” to “wore them outside the house.”  And also I’m tired of typing “Measurement.”  From now on, it’s “mShorts” and “mPants.”   1:12 p.m.  We’ve got the “rock” border done around the mailbox, and also planted the petunias. Looks pretty good. The rocks are more plastic-y looking than I remember them in the store, but maybe when the flowers grow in, they will seem less glaring. Also got the rest of the wallpaper border in the office primed. We’re planning on driving around this afternoon looking for houses. Not sure where to look, it seems to me we’ve covered everywhere interesting and/or possible. So many times we’ve seen a modest little house for sale in what appears to be a modest little neighborhood, and I jump out of the car and grab the sales brochure, only to find that the 1500-square-foot built-in-1960 house is going for $355,000.  Prices are so relative to an area I guess that number doesn’t mean anything on its own. For comparison, we hope to sell our built-in-1990 house for around $210,000.  And we were crazy enough to hope we could buy something smaller for LESS money. Not MORE money.  
    
    


    
       7:57 a.m. Saturday, Day 89.  I feel pretty good today. Had a solid eight hours sleep. Took an actifed last night to counter the effects of Daisy’s cats, and of course that always makes me sleep.  Bucko brought home a Wendy’s salad for me, and I ate that and then pretty much immediately fell asleep on the sofa. Perfect ending to a picnic-lunch-sit-in-the-sun day.    So many things to do this weekend, I don’t know where to start. Bucko’s plan is to install the new kitchen faucet, and water the front lawn so the fertilizer can sink in a little. We also need to finish painting the wallpaper border in the office; put up the new border; paint the hallway, downstairs bathroom, and living room wall; paint the trim in ALL the rooms except the kitchen; go grocery shopping; balance the checkbook; get mini pine mcnuggets for the front walk area; arrange delivery of pinestraw for the entire yard; get some sort of edging to go around the mailbox area and also plant something there that might actually survive; drive around and find a new place to live.  11:09 a.m. Making small progress. Bucko is working on the faucet right now, and I’ve got the hallway and living room wall painted. Starving, had the last bit of turkey lunchmeat and swiss cheese. Too early for lunch, so I guess it’s a large snack.  2:30 p.m. Back from Home Depot. We've got the edging (fake rock, very groovy) and a bunch of petunias. Also dirt. The faucet is done (yay). Also picked up chicken wings to cook for dinner, to satisfy my craving for salted grease. There's a few drops of rain, so we probably won't have to water the lawn.  7:20 p.m. Getting ready to go out to Cappers. I’m a little disappointed with my numbers today.  I’m eating too much.  It’s not way out of line, but I’m not staying within my goal.  I need some sort of mental kick in the butt to get back on target.  I’m at just over 2000 calories now, and I’d still like to have two drinks and share a dessert at the restaurant. Which will put me at around 2600, and that’s WAY too much. Well, here’s what I’ll do: stick to vodka and sodas, which are only about 65 calories each. That’s not too bad.   
    
    


    
       6:27 a.m. Friday, Day 88.  Man, I slept awful (awfully?) last night. And I took a whole melatonin.  Just tossing and turning, waking up a lot, and DREAMS. Far too many dreams with too much detail.  Something about filming an aerobics video on a beach in Israel, while our house was being secretly made over by a team of television producers. And then about surfing. We can see by that I’ve been watching too much TV. My back hurts this morning, I’m so stiff I could hardly walk down the stairs.  I want to give a little explanation about my life, because of a comment someone made to me about my journal/blog.  I know it sounds like all I do is have lunch with friends, drink, and shop. Well, not true. First of all, I only have ONE friend, not friends plural. Heh. Anyway, I’m not sure that particular lifestyle needs a defense anyway, but I want to explain that 1) I have a job, 2) but I mostly work at home, 3) I personally consider that a blessing and a luxury, though some people hate it, 4) my job is part-time and inconsistent because there is no longer enough work to support me (and other employees) on a full-time basis (we’re talking recession here, people), and 5) I am also developing a business and freelance work on the side.  For some reason I don’t want to be perceived as an idle, wealthy woman who lunches. I’m not sure why, and perhaps I’ll delve into that sometime, why I feel the need to explain my situation, but in the meantime I am reporting that No, I don’t have that kind of life. I’m very grateful to be getting by as well as we are, but we’re not rich by any means.  I’m currently in a situation where I hate my job (oh, boo-hoo for me), so it just sounds like I don’t work because I don’t like to write about it.  Wendy on girliness: http://www.poundy.com/journal/06-01/6-27.html  And a Progress Point to report:  I have been able to SQUAT recently. Yesterday when I was leaving the post office, I dropped my keys on the ground. And I just squatted down and picked them up, and kept walking. I was in my car driving away before I realized what I had just done.  I’m not even sure how I did it — was it a one-knee or two-knee squat?  I know I didn’t stumble on the way back up, and there was nothing for me to hold onto while I straightened up. I just did it, and kept on walking.  5:51 p.m. O frabjous day! Callooh! Callay! Listen: I just got back from Daisy’s house, and amongst other things, I weighed myself on her scale. Because I don't have one. 41 days ago I weighed 240; today I weighed 225. That’s 15 pounds in 5 or 6 weeks.  I am ECSTATIC. There can be absolutely no doubt that I’ve lost weight. It’s irrrefutable.  IF her scale is accurate, I have lost 35 pounds since I started in December. But whatever, even if her scale isn’t accurate, I’ve lost 15 pounds since the last time I’ve weighed myself.  So it’s POSSIBLE.  It’s possible that I can lose weight. It can really happen. Who would have thought?? Color me smug.   
    
    


    
       6:10 a.m. Thursday, Day 88.  I woke up very early this moring (5:09) but I’m feeling good.  I went to bed early, so even getting up at The Crack, I still got 7 hours of sleep. Took half a melatonin, I think maybe I need to take an entire one for it to be effective. I did manage to not eat anything else yesterday, for an astounding 1022 calories. THAT’s not going to happen very often, but I’m glad to get a super-low-cal day to compensate for all the high-cal ones.   10:11 a.m. Finished an hour of glider, and watched most of Chocolat.  I have some thoughts about it that I will get to later. It’s pretty good, but apparently I have some sort of limited attention span, or movies tend to get dull and meandering about 3/4 of the way through.  I’m ready for it to wrap up. Maybe some movies don’t introduce enough new plot or action in the last half, so I get impatient for something to happen. But not a major criticism, I’m enjoying it.  I would like to say that I LOVE Johnny Depp. I love his roles, too. They're always a bit outre.  My only issue with him as the leading male fantasy of my life - his mouth. Just a little too small, a little too feminine. If Johnny Depp swooped into my life and gathered me up into an erotic sex-fest of all my fantasies come true, would I shrug my shoulders and say "Ehh. I dunno. Your mouth is too small." ?  I'm guessing I could overlook it.  1:42 p.m. Back from the post office, mailed everyone’s vacation souvenirs. Also stopped at the supermarket and got sandwich stuff and salad for tomorrow, in case Daisy and I have a picnic lunch. It could happen. Picked up sushi for myself for lunch today. Now I’m digesting and trying to decide what to do the rest of the day. Probably I should read over that RFP for the proposal. Yeah, and I’ll sit in the sun while I do it. That won’t take long, I could also paint another wall.  6:00 p.m. No wall, but I painted the trim and fireplace in the drawing room (known to most people as a "family room." I just don't like that phrase). Wow, what a difference. I highly recommend that to anyone who wants to spruce up the house — fresh paint on the trim makes a BIG difference. The house looks new again. Talked to Daisy and we’re going to meet tomorrow for a picnic-style lunch on her deck, and hopefully get a little sun. That’s such a GIRLY thing to do, I’m really thrilled with it. Losing weight really is opening up my mind to new ideas and possibilities, even something as trivial as that.  That’s why I identified so much with Ju-Ju’s review of “Passing for Thin.” She says “Frances... fell in for that brand of easy sarcasm that passes for comedy these days... self-deprecating humor, belittling humor... But as the book goes on, as her fat comes off, as Frances becomes more and more exposed, vulnerable, willing to take on and take responsiblity for changing things, she becomes more and more and more genuinely funny, likable.”   http://www.skinnydailypost.com/archives/2004_02_06_skinnydaily_archive.html#000964  Well, okay, it’s presumptuous of me to make the comparison, since I’ve only just started losing weight and no one has declared me funny or likable. But I completely understand where Frances is coming from, as described by Ju-Ju. I don’t use the cynical humor as a defense, as pop-psychology would insist.  It’s not an armor, it’s more like a burden, something I’d like to be able to rid myself of.  But when you’re a fat girl, it comes with the territory. You develop the attitude as a REACTION to rejection, not a preventor of rejection. And I understand the idea of not knowing how to act like a girl.  I mean, one isn't required to fit into a behavior pattern, but being able to willfully and deliberately reject a role is different from never having had the opportunity to try out the role for size. I know my non-girliness as a teenager had EVERYTHING to do with being fat.  Why knows, maybe if I was normal weight, I would still have decided it didn’t suit me for other reasons, but I never had the chance to find out.  7:26 p.m. Doing well with my eating now.  I think I’m back on track after vacation and having the dinner party food around.  The cheese is gone, the ice cream sandwiches, that kind of stuff. The tortilla chips are still here, but that’s not a major temptation to me. After watching Chocolat today, I could definitely go for some good quality chocolate!  Right now I’m at 1390 calories. That’s very good.  I will try to not eat any more tonight, but I might have another glass of wine, and that will of course raise the total. By the way, I’m doing well with the drinking. I resolved to buy nothing but red wine, because I just don’t drink it in volume. So far that’s holding true.  A couple glasses is plenty. I’m pretty much ignoring the concept of Drinking Night. It was a good idea, but it ended up making me drink more.  Scarcity increases value. So when I could drink only a couple times a week, I overdrank. I dunno, it’s some kind of weird mental thing.  I do better if I can just have a glass or two of wine while making dinner.  
    
    


    
       7:08 a.m. Wednesday, Day 87.  I feel a little groggy this morning. Didn’t sleep as well as I would like, and had some squirrelly moments around 4:30 a.m., thinking about work.  Talked with Warren yesterday, and he has some proposal work for me around the middle of April, which is nice but not much.  A good post about the book “Passing for Thin,” which also perfectly describes MY personality: http://www.skinnydailypost.com/archives/2004_02_06_skinnydaily_archive.html#000964 I prefer to wait until it's in paperback, but I might give in and buy it now.  8:32 a.m. Had a little roll and butter with my soup. Yum. I’m planning on bellydancing today, we’ll see how that goes! Then in to work to meet with Warren. Oh, THAT will be fun. Maybe Daisy will be there.  2:38 p.m. Yes, Daisy was there, but I didn’t really get a chance to talk to her.  Talked to Crazy Hair, of course, couldn’t avoid it. What a tool. Printed out some vacation pictures to send to my brother. Then off to the video store, because there’s no way I can glide with the crap that’s on television. Had a hard time choosing movies, though, I’m too picky. Of course I was starving by the time I got home around 2:00, so I had an apple and then a tuna salad with a pickle. Delish. I may very well eat the last Skinny Cow for dessert.  7:33 p.m. Home from the wine tasting. The vineyard wasn’t notable, but we bought two cheap bottles from the general stock. Not much in the house to eat, I guess I’d better shop soon, or cook so we have leftovers.  Had two giant plates of salad for dinner. I’ve migrated the balance of the oil and vinegar dressing so that it’s only about a third or a quarter oil - the rest is vinegar, water, lemon juice, and other non-caloric ingredients.  I’m going to try to not eat for the rest of the night, and have a super low-cal (1041) day to get back on target.  We’ll see how it goes; I’ll certainly be hungry tomorrow morning!  So about the food in Tahiti, I never really described it.  Well, first of all, it’s HIDEOUSLY EXPENSIVE.  Apparently the dollar is very weak right now, so we found that even very plain food was out of our reach.  The restaurants at the hotels and resorts were, naturally, very high-priced.  Breakfast or lunch, about $26 a person. Dinner, about $40 a person. And up. That's the basic price, not including drinks or desserts or what have you. We had planned to buy food from shops and eat at local restaurants frequently, because we wanted to have a fuller experience than a resort offers.  And that’s what we did, but it was still very expensive (dinner about $25 each) in restaurants, and there was not much variety in the food. Grilled fish, beef, or chicken. French fries. Bread and butter.  Pineapple, papayas, lettuce, and cucumbers.  That’s pretty much the extent of fresh food in the restaurants. No other vegetables, no carrots, broccoli, zucchini, cauliflower, asparagus, beets, or peas. No beans. No apples, oranges, or pears. Sometimes watermelon, bananas, and grapefruit.  On Huahine, we shopped in the (only) grocery store and bought: 5 cans of beer, a wedge of brie cheese, a loaf of bread, a can of sardines, a can of deviled ham, a box of raisins, a small package of cookies, five eggrolls. Price: $38.  So sadly, we ended up eating a lot of bread and cheese on the trip, and other carbohydrates, because that was the only food available/affordable much of the time. At our last stop on Bora Bora, we tended to eat breakfast at the hotel, where they had a large expensive buffet, so we ate as much as we could so that we could skip lunch and possibly eat a very very small dinner.  That’s not a good eating pattern, and I was relieved to get home and be normal again. That’s not to say I didn’t enjoy the trip, because I absolutely LOVED it.    And, by the way, I wore the Measurement Pants all day today. Yep.  For something that has haunted my past two months, I haven't made enough of a big deal about the fact that I fit into them now. Perfectly comfortably. AND I look good in them.  
    
    


    
       6:46 a.m. Tuesday, Day 86.  Feel pretty good today. I slept decently; woke up a few times but went right back to sleep. Also had normal dreams!  I think that’s the melatonin. I’m sore today from TotalGym, and so are my abs. I kept my feet off the platform for some of it, and it works the abdominals that way.  A lot.  Yesterday had much better numbers. I’m thrilled to be below 2k !  And I ate a lot, so I got good numbers and a lot of food.  A reasonable amount of water. I’m gradually working myself back into this. I really really want to start LOSING weight again, and I doubt I’ve done that for a couple weeks.   8:08 a.m. Spilled my soup when I was putting the second half away for tomorrow. I will have a little something extra for breakfast tomorrow. Trying to get some water down; I want to do a nice long glider workout today. I will pick out a movie to watch; there’s no way Dr. Phil is going to entertain me enough. Well, I can check and see what he’s got on, but even the commercials drive me to boredom and make me want to stop.  Plus I sort of hate him.   2:29 p.m. I finally have a blog up and running!  As I knew it would, it's taken me most of the day to get it going, and it's quite primitive. If anyone is reading this, you are probably thinking "But you have entries going back to December..."  Yes, that's because through the miracle of web technology, I am able to date entries whatever I want, so I can put up all my previous offline journal entries. Why would anyone want to read them? Hell if I know! 
    
    


    
       7:43 a.m. Monday, Day 85.  Feel okay today, considering I had red wine and wasabi peas last night. Took half an actifed and half a melatonin so I would sleep better, and I think it worked. It was a little hard getting up, but I feel fine now.  My numbers from last week are SO bad, that I’m not even going to spend time bitching about it. It could have been worse, and I’m doing the best I can. So now let’s just move on to this week.  9:18 a.m. Just took my Monday Measurements, and I seem to be down half an inch or so in every measurement except my waist.  It makes no sense - I must have lost in my waist to be able to fit in the Measurement Pants, but it never shows up with the tape. Oh well, I guess that’s why I need several different methods of tracking progress, no one of them works consistently enough. Anyway, good news that I am down in some areas. Speaking of the Measurement Pants, I am wearing them today but they seem a bit snugger than last time. I may indeed have put on a pound, or perhaps my stomach is bigger than usual today.  11:33 a.m. Just back from the dentist. I am so sleepy!  Not sure why.  Also hungry, so I’m drinking a glass of water to try to push lunch at least until noon. Speaking of water, I have peed at least eight times already this morning. Something I ate or drank yesterday must be causing it. Maybe the actifed.  Here’s what I’ve decided: when I can fit into the Measurement Shorts, then I will get weighed and take another progress photo. 
    
    


    
       7:34 a.m. Sunday, Day 84.  Well. Since this week’s numbers suck so bad, I will start with the positive things first.  First of all, practically the first thing Jaeger and Marella said to me last night, with no prompting, was “Wow, you’ve lost a lot of weight!  You look great!”  This is very significant, because I had never told either one of them that I was dieting. They just noticed of their own accord.  I haven’t seen them for a while, so they could see the big change in me. Which, by the way, so can I, because we looked at some video Bucko shot back in November, and I couldn’t BELIEVE how fat I was. OH. MY. GOD.  Remember how I said I was horrified about our Tahiti pictures? F**k, no, that’s NOTHING compared to what I looked like in November. Okay, this was supposed to sound positive and it’s not coming out that way, so I want to phrase it this way: I can really notice, myself, how much weight I’ve lost. I’ve become, incredibly, even MORE beautiful than I used to be. I RULE.  And I apologize for that slip into self-loathing. The only thing I hate more than hating myself is when I fail to hate the hating. Yeah, I hate that.  Second good news is that even though my numbers are over my goal, I did quite well with all the massive amount of food last night.  I had a little of everything (actually, not even everything) and I didn’t go back for seconds.  I’m 358 calories over goal yesterday, so I think we can expect I won’t be losing any weight this week, but I am impressed with my ability to eat a 1200 calorie buffet dinner instead of a 3200 calorie dinner.  Which I could easily have done.  Also I think I am overestimating portions and calories.  When someone else cooks the food, it’s hard to know.  So the bad news is that I ate more than I should have.  I can see where the problem was: I had munchie food sitting out on the table for hors d’oeuvres.  Some of it was safe, like the carrots and celery, but the bread and brie cheese killed me.  I had three pieces instead of one.  Also I ate the Skinny Cow ice cream sandwich for dessert. Which is not so horrible in itself, it’s just that I was NOT hungry at that point and should have skipped it.  Ah well.  I guess it’s harder than I thought coming off vacation.  In a week or two, when I feel like I’m back on track, I will go get weighed.  10:21 a.m. Did 25 minutes of gliding, good for me. 
    
    


    
       9:12 a.m. Saturday, Day 83.  Yesterday sucked!  Dammit!  It was that stupid hamburger, and everything that led up to it.  The chicken rice soup was too watery and so left me hungry, then lunch was about two hours late so that I was over-hungry and decided it was a good idea to get a giant hamburger. I don’t know what the hell I was thinking. I guess something like “Oh, I can go off plan once in a while. I’ll just eat nothing tonight.”  And of course that didn’t work, because of course I was HUNGRY in the evening. Duh. Just because something has a lot of calories doesn’t mean it’s filling.  So I sat around eating celery and pickles and drinking wine, which made me too drunk and did not appease the hunger at all, until finally I was smart enough to have a little piece of salmon at 9:30, which of course disrupted my sleep and I stayed up too late, got up too late, and now feel kind of icky. And also stupid.  Bah. Okay, time to move on. I know what went wrong and will avoid the situation in future. That means that I will eat enough food, I will not starve myself!  Added about a third cup of kasha to my soup, to make it more filling.  It sure increased the calories, but after yesterday I’m going to err on the conservative side, and make sure I’m eating enough of something healthy so I don’t go overboard and eat crap.  12:55 p.m. Chicken and sweet potato for lunch. And more water. I’m trying to increase my water, which has fallen by the wayside. It will also help with the hunger. I feel like I’m starting from scratch, and having to relearn how to do this. Thank god I didn’t gain ten pounds on vacation.  Although I’m still sort of waiting for the axe to fall, because I figure it takes a little while for the effects of diet to show up, and I might still have an increase over the next week or so. Hope not, but I will TRY not to freak out if I do.  In fact, after I finish this glass of water, I will go glide for a while. 
    
    


    
       Has anyone noticed how obsessed I am with Daisy? I know, it's no big secret, she's totally my boyfriend. Or possibly girlfriend. (No, I'm just kidding, we're both straight.)  7:04 a.m. Friday, Day 82. I feel good this morning. I did have some interrupted sleep, but seem to have dealt with it okay.  I went to bed too early, brought on by too much wine, and so I woke up around 2 a.m. I probably could have gone back to sleep sooner, but I got involved in watching a South Park Behind the Scenes show on VH-1, and I was awake until about 3:15.  Then I had a horrible nightmare, with much violence, set in Frasier Meadows. Whatever. So I’m surprised I feel as good as I do this morning. But the sun is coming out, and that makes ALL the difference. Plus I get to see Daisy today. Yay!  11:18 a.m. Okay, I am just killing time until Daisy calls. I decided to get dressed up, since she’s probably in her interview clothes, and I found that the Flintstones Dress is too big.  I really can’t wear it. Hah!  So I am wearing the black linen-esque dress that has a sheer navy blue polka dot duster with it. It’s also too big. Damn, I look good.  6:33 p.m. Well, I ended up wearing jeans and a shirt, but I still looked good.  Daisy had gone home and changed into casual clothes, so I didn’t want to look like a dumbass being overdressed. Had a great time, but ate too much calorie-laden food. We went to Steak and Ale, which of course is very meat-and-potato intensive.  However, I did another 200 calories on the glider, so that will help to compensate. Because I would like to have a little salad or something later, which will probably push me over 1800 calories for the day.  7:58 p.m. Bah.  My numbers are bad. I mean, not AWFUL, I’m only 120 calories over target, but it’s annoying. Jaeger and Marella are coming for dinner tomorrow, which means another day of big calories. I have to make sure to have a LOT of low-cal food around.  I will try to have a small lunch, and eat a lot of celery, pickles, etc. All the no-cal food. But still, I want to congratulate myself on gliding this afternoon. That’s a big change from my life six months ago.  Also, all my clothes are too big.  I had a hell of a time picking something to wear today, because everything looked awful. I need to spend some time this weekend altering my clothes. Put in darts, increase the seams, that sort of thing. Hee hee, that’s great. Today for the first time I could really see that I’ve lost weight. I could look in the mirror and see a difference. Very exciting.  I still feel a bit “off” since we’ve come back from vacation — since I couldn’t track my food well, or eat well, or exercise well, I feel a bit shook up.  I’ve gotten back to my routine pretty quickly, but I don’t feel ensconced in it yet. It feels almost like at the beginning, when I was very tentative about the whole thing.  I imagine I’ll be fine by next week. In good news, we’re hearing that the CoM project should start up again any day.  I don’t have a huge amount of hours on that, but I think I ought to get maybe another 40 or 50 over the next month. That’s a lot more than recently, so that’s good.  I enjoyed the belly dancing today.  It’s still hard, but it felt a little more normal and less strained. Maybe I wasn’t trying so hard.  I look in the mirror some while I’m doing it, to try to maintain form, and I think I strained myself a bit last time, trying to look like those girls. My body is just not going to look the same as theirs when I move, and so I probably forced it too much.  
    
    


    
       6:54 a.m. Thursday, Day 81. Feel pretty good.  I took half a melotonin and it kicked my butt.  I’m going to try it for a while, a few weeks at least, and see if it improves my sleep. I think it will; so far when I’ve taken one it hasn’t prevented me from waking up, but I’m only awake long enough to get up and pee, not two or three hours. Big improvement. Also my stomach hurts today, and my back. I suspect I must have slept weirdly. Also the lack of exercise is catching up with me. Will try to glide/lift weights today. And I want to report a progress point (and this is in fact unrelated to my back hurting today): I can now sleep on my stomach. I haven’t been able to do that for months. Yipee.  8:43 a.m. Did 20 minutes of gliding, with 10 minutes of the resistance on. Man that’s hard! The calories burned show up less than usual because I’m going slower, but I’m pretty sure I burned at least as much as gliding at the regular setting. Also did two 5-minute sets of little weights. Now I’m starving and I’m going to finish the cauliflower. The sun is almost out today, and I’m feeling a bit better than yesterday.  2:39 p.m. Never mind, I am NOT feeling better than yesterday. The sun lasted two seconds, and it’s been gloomy and rainy all day. Also Daisy cancelled on me, which I pretty much expected, but I’m still disappointed. Now we’re planning on meeting tomorrow for lunch, which will probably be more fun and a nicer day. But it wreaked havoc with my mood today. I forced myself to call E.G., and Liz wasn’t in, and then I forced myself to call G.McN., and I got his voice mail.  I’m trying to psyche myself up to call him again, because if I don’t do it soon, then I won’t. I actually called and hung up before it rung twice, because I have no idea what I would say. My brain is numb. This is so not normal. It’s not normal to have so little energy and such inability to cope with things like a mere phone call.    2:45 p.m. OK, I psyched myself up for another call and got the machine again. Didn’t leave a message. I feel relieved.  5:33 p.m. Making a delicious dinner of salmon; sweet potato, onion, and green pepper sautee; and devilled eggs. The eggs are mostly for Bucko, since he loves them, but I just ate one. Or two halves, that is. Not bad, but I put in too much mustard. You know, I have been wondering about the “Points” system in Weight Watchers.  It doesn’t seem accurate enough. I mean, if it works for someone, then I’m not criticizing, but for me it seems too general. On a lot of blogs, people talk about a particular meal they had that was only X number of points, and they’re happy about how little it is, and yet it’s something that I would never eat at all. Because it’s too high in calories, fat, or sugar. Or all three. So I wonder how WW figures the Points. Maybe I'm not allowing myself enough leeway. What I would love to do, with an unlimited budget and a personal chef, is figure out three weeks worth of menus, and then just have the food served to me. No balancing as I go, compensating for this and that... of course I know that wouldn’t work, because I would feel more snacky one day than another, or crave a particular food, or whatever. Can I say something that really disappointed me about Tahiti was the food. Because although I planned to eat reasonably, I also planned to have some wild days. And most of the time that wasn’t possible. It was too expensive! And most of the time we couldn’t find very good food anyway. The hotel in Bora Bora wasn’t bad, because at least they had sushi, but it wasn’t notable. The breakfast buffet was okay, because I could get fruit, but they only had two kinds, pineapple and papaya. Which I like, but it’s not like that’s a feast of fruit, you know? They had more variety than the other hotel, but it wasn’t really tastier. On the seafood buffet night, they had a lot of seafood salads made with MUCH mayonnaise. So I didn’t have a lot of that, but I did have THREE lobster halves and about 20 skewered shrimp. Yum. So I guess I can’t complain too much about that meal. But oh man, I missed salads and vegetables. Almost non-existent on the islands.  6:47 p.m. Wow. For some reason I really pigged out at dinner. Ate about twice as much as I intended, and I’m really full.  I’ve done well otherwise since I got home, so I hope this is just some aberration while I get used to my diet again. My numbers don’t come out badly, but still I’m not happy that I overate. 
    
    


    
       6:37 a.m. Wednesday morning. Feeling pretty good, considering I am about four hours short on sleep. I’m trying to get back on normal schedule after all the travel and time difference.  What I’ve decided to do is count the days during my vacation, but I doubt I’ll go to the trouble of logging the food.  I wasn’t able to keep accurate enough records to make it worthwhile.  I will put in summaries for the weeks, with average calories, and that will be close enough.  They will be HIGH calories, because I would rather err on the side of more than less. Don’t want to fool myself that I ate a proper amount of food, ‘cause I didn’t. However, I tried on the Measurement Pants first thing this morning, and they still fit comfortably. Not quite as loose as the first day of vacation (I even wrote on my postcard to Daisy that they were baggy) but only by a slightly perceptible amount. So that’s a great relief and I am very pleased that I didn’t gain weight with the large and not-so-wonderful food I was eating (more detail about that later).  I think my diet can tolerate, and even benefit from, a week off plan, but more than that is iffy, and of course I need to get right back on. Exercise today will be difficult, since I’m short of sleep, but at least I’m eating right again!  I want to mention that it was VERY difficult not having this journal available for 10 days.  I wrote in my little notebook, but it just wasn’t the same.  9:42 a.m.  So.  I am at a loss about what to do.  My stomach feels like hell again, and I’m tired and unmotivated. I checked my email and voicemail at work, and there was nothing. I really need some hours, or I have to find a new job. Like right away. Of course I am not at all thrilled about that. Nor am I thrilled with the idea of trying to drum up some mural/furniture sales. I want to give myself today off, to readjust and recuperate, but I’m afraid I’ll find a reason to do that tomorrow, and the next day, and the next day. Bah.  1:37 p.m. Talked to Daisy and that helped, I feel a bit cheered up. Also she gave me permission to slack off today, and that’s just what I needed. I did attempt to call Liz at E.G., and of course she doesn’t work today, but I am impressed that I made the effort. Right now I’m uploading some Tahiti pictures to my [other] web page, so everyone can see them.  I have mixed feelings about how I look in the photos. As always, I am absolutely horrified at how I look. But I think I can see a small difference. Not enough, certainly, but there is a change. And once again I am horrified at how large my breasts are. I look like a freak. That’s my next big goal, the breast reduction. Can’t WAIT. It’s sad to think how little of my life has been documented in photos, because I avoid the camera so much. There are almost no photos of me from about 25 years old on up.  3:39 p.m. Yay, I managed to do a little glider. It was hard to get motivated, but thinking about how I look in those photos helped. I don’t like the self-loathing implied there, but at least I don’t feel desperate or sickened. I think it was just a cause-and-effect reaction: I saw that I am too fat, so I exercised. I’m also eating well and drinking water.  I hope after a good night’s sleep tonight I will feel more energetic tomorrow. I did my Monday measurements today, since I was traveling on Monday, and the results are erratic. Gain in some places, loss in others. Phooey.  On loose skin after weight loss: http://www.skinnydaily.com/archive/2003_12_01_skinnydaily_archive.html 
    
    


    
       2:33 p.m., Tuesday. I’M BACK.    Well.  I’m planning on entering some sort of information for each day I was gone, but will probably do that over a period of time. For now, my summary is this:  I don’t think I gained any weight, or if so it’s quite a small amount; I got some exercise but not enough; I ate the best I could but the food available often defeated me. Those islands have quite a limited choice of extremely expensive food, so I had to eat what I could get. Which is to say a lot of bread, cheese, fruit, meat, and fish, and not nearly enough vegetables.  I’m not sure yet whether to “count” this period of time in my Day/Week countdown, or view it as some sort of hiatus. 
    
    


    
       Someday I might put in my hand-written journal of the Tahiti trip.  If I do, this is where it will be. 
    
    


    
       For anyone who doesn't know - Bucko and I are going to Tahiti, Huahine, and Bora Bora for ten days for our 20th anniversary. We leave tomorrow.   6:04 a.m. Thursday. Feeling good today, despite waking up so early. On the other hand, I was probably asleep by 10:30. Pretty good numbers so far this week. Last night I succumbed to a few crackers, which pushed me over 1400, but still it’s not too bad. Right now I’m averaging 1285 calories per day for this week.  Have I mentioned yet that yesterday I was able to button the Measurement Shorts?  Uh-huh.  They’re still way too tight to wear, but I was able to get the button into the buttonhole. That’s significant. It seems like I lost a lot of weight very quickly, in the past couple weeks. The jeans I bought are already too big, and I bought them only 9 days ago. So whatever I’ve been doing recently is working. Looking back over the last 20 days or so, my calories are good overall, but by no means super-low. There’s a nice fluctuation, which is good. But also I have more varied exercise than when I first started. So I’m going to say that variety, in both diet and exercise, is probably helping a lot.  I don’t really see any difference in myself. I look just as fat, to me.  But, I avoid taking a really good look at myself in mirrors, so I suppose I didn’t have a realistic view of myself to start with.  So I’ve been thinking I won’t have much problem keeping on track in Tahiti. This is just too important to me to jeopardize for something transitory. I can have a wonderful time there without overeating. It’s not a necessary part of the experience.  I mean, I can eat food anywhere, any time.  If I run into something special, something specific to that place, then I’ll eat it. I’m not going to deprive myself or miss out. But if there’s a choice of fruit or fried eggs for breakfast, then I’ll take the fruit.  If there’s a choice of salad bar or genuine Polynesian pig roast for dinner, I’ll take the pig roast. And I’m going to try to walk every day. Deliberate walking, not the meandering through town type.  And I have a new measuring device: the Measurement Belt.  I realized I need a belt to keep my pants up, if I take the size 24s with me. I have only one belt, not sure I’ve ever worn it. Anyway, I had to put a new hole in it, about 1.5 inches away from the smallest hole. So that will be a new way to gauge success.  9:41 a.m. Incredibly, I managed 60 minutes gliding. It was HARD. Just too boring. Feh. Oh well, that’s the last time I’ll be doing it for ten days. Oh my god, we’re going to be in Tahiti tomorrow night.   Today I’m going to wear the size 22s jeans around the house, and see how they stretch out. I’m planning on wearing or bringing one pair of jeans with me, and I can’t decide between the 24s and the 22s.  I want to wear the small size, but I don’t want to be uncomfortable either. But they stretch a lot, so if I wear them for a few hours they might be just right.  I’ve started to accept the fact that I’m losing weight, that it’s actually happening, and just the general concept that it’s possible.  I’m sort of incredibly excited about it, but also it just seems so normal now. It’s just part of life to keep shrinking.  Now that I’m this far into it, it doesn’t seem difficult. Yeah, I know it’s incredible to even say that, but I suppose with most endeavors, getting started is the hardest part.  Practically and mentally.  It’s almost like going through the steps of grieving, or something. First there’s this massive denial, then anger, then acceptance, and then finally looking beyond.  Once you’ve gotten to the acceptance part, you don’t have to keep fighting the initial battle every day. During the denial, anger, and beginning of acceptance, it really is the same fight every day, over and over, and that must be where most people drop it. Because you just get so damned sick of dealing with it.  Weirdly, I haven’t had so much issue with that. I plunged into the journal and the whole experience fully, and that’s helped. I made this my entire life, and it’s working.  Sure that’s unbalanced, but what the heck. That’s how I do everything: drop everything else and focus on only the one thing. So it might not be normal, but it’s normal for ME.   2:47 pm. Just got back from the store. Picked up some water, apples, tuna-in-a-bag, and trail mix for on the plane. I was going to buy a bag of hard candy, but resisted and bought gum instead. You know, I was standing there in the aisle looking at the candy, and I really was going to get some, and then part of my brain said “Why? You don’t need candy on the plane any more than you need it any other time. If you start out making exceptions and allowances to eat crap, then you’ll continue that pattern.”  I’m glad that part of my brain prevailed, because I gave up the candy and bought sugarless gum. That will keep my mouth busy without adding calories.  I did, however, buy us two beers each for tonight when we’re packing. Just enough to relax us a little bit, without having enough in the house to get drunk or hung over.  7:45 p.m. Well. My last entry for 10 days.  I guess I’ll track my food in my little notebook, and try to figure calories when I get back. Or not — I might just pick up again fresh on March 16th.  I am going to miss writing in here. Hopefully I’ll be too busy having fun to think much about it. Bye bye journal, hello Tahiti! 
    
    


    
       7:05 a.m. Wednesday. Feeling pretty good today. My last couple hours of sleep were choppy, but I went to bed so early I’m sure I got at least eight hours. Took half an actifed to counter the red wine, and I didn’t drink enough water to counteract them both. Other than that, feeling good, and I’m pleased with the amount I drank for Drinking Night. My new plan is to buy only red wine, and buy only enough for the one drinking night.  If I don’t have it around the house, I won’t drink it. Because I am far too lazy and too self-conscious to go buy it. Therefore, this way I am not relying on willpower, I’m setting up an environment where I can’t drink. I’m having a glass of water right now, with my coffee.  I don’t usually start until after breakfast, but I feel quite dehydrated.  I’m adjusting my estimates for the coffee with Benefiber, because I’m not putting an entire tablespoon in. Maybe two-thirds that.  Note: remember to buy an exercise ball to sit on while at the computer.  5:00 p.m. Had a nice little lunch with Daisy. Ate a veggie wrap and some fries, which I hope I am estimating reasonably.  It was a decent meal, but not entirely filling, so I had a little chicken when I got home.  Now I am finishing up my work emailing before vacation, trying to do my timesheet, etc.  My hip is still bothering me. I’m not happy about that, because it hurts when I walk, and I want to do a lot of walking on vacation. I think the bellydancing may have caused the strain, and then the gliding is exacerbating it. So perhaps it’s a good thing that I’ll be away from the glider for a couple weeks. I can walk and swim for exercise, and perhaps that will work out the problem, whatever it is. 
    
    


    
       6:10 a.m. Tuesday.  Feeling pretty good today, although I woke up at 5:30 and couldn’t get back to sleep. That’s only six hours sleep, but I don’t feel too bad. Hungry, though. I didn’t eat much yesterday. I think my calories are so low because I had that rib for lunch, and then around 4:30 I ate the salmon. Never did have dinner, so I did more of the “mini meal” thing, and thus skipped a large meal. Not something I want to do every day, but I’m glad to have low numbers before vacation.  I had quite an annoying anxiety dream about work last night. I think that’s what made me squirrelly when I woke up. It surprised me to even have this dream, it was a combo work/not prepared for the test kind of dream, and I didn’t think I was having any of that type of anxiety recently.  Just had the Manhattan clam chowder for breakfast, and I didn’t like it.  Kind of a musty flavor, not appetizing. Also not enough solid ingredients, just a few bits of potato and carrot. I will be needing a snack later this morning.  1:12 p.m. The painters have been here since about 9 a.m. They’re very nice guys and everything, one of them speaks English, but it’s kind of weird having them around. They’re painting right outside the office, in the foyer, so I can’t just come and go at will without interrupting them.  I felt a little weird about sitting in full sight in the kitchen eating lunch, too, so I just made a quickie salad of leftover tuna and tomato. It was delicious. I offered them lunch, but they had already eaten in their van, so it’s not like they would mind if I ate in front of them, but it just seemed strange. Then I was afraid of what music to pick out, because I listen to a lot of Latin stuff, and I was afraid they’d think I picked it on purpose in some sort of patronizing gesture. And I’m afraid they’ll think I’m just sitting around twiddling my thumbs whenever I’m not actually typing at the computer. I’m hoping to run out for a bottle of wine, but don’t want to leave while they’re here. Not that I don’t trust them, but I guess I’m just weirdly freaked out about having people in the house who are not guests. Then I started cooking dinner at 1:00 because I had to do SOMETHING.    Finally got the airline tickets/flights straightened out. That travel agent is such a waste. I have to call her too many times; she’s simply not proactive at all.    Here’s a random little tidbit. I’m glad I don’t really have a deadline for this weight loss. Because it’s not going to end. I guess I kind of have known that all along, and definitely realized it when embarking on this particular effort. A year ago I wanted to lose weight for the vacation, and I DIDN’T, and so of course I am kicking myself for not finding this motivation a year ago when I really needed it. But what the hell - what’s one vacation compared to the whole rest of my life?  And you know what else? I know they’re talking about me, because I heard the word “computer.”  I imagine the conversation to be as follows:  Painter 1: Do you think that fat gringo woman would have sex with us? Painter 2: Probably. Or maybe just blow jobs. Painter 1: Yeah. Don’t you think she’s the ugliest, fattest, most repulsive woman you’ve ever met? Painter 2: Absolutely. I had no idea American women were so unattractive. And so obviously whorish and lazy. Do you suppose she’s a prostitute for a living? Painter 1: Probably. Right now she’s on the _COMPUTER_, probably surfing the internet for potential clients. Painter 2: Let’s go back to Mexico where the women are all beautiful and decent. Painter 1: Okay.  And just now I distinctly heard one of them say "Paraguay."  I can't even imagine what they are saying about me that concerns Paraguay, but I'll bet there's a brothel and a donkey involved.  A good post about getting fat: http://skinnydaily.blogspot.com/2003_11_01_skinnydaily_archive.html  2:48 p.m. Yay, they’re almost done. I am so relieved. And I want to reiterate that they have behaved perfectly nicely, it’s just weird to me having them here. It’s my mind that is the problem. Oh my god, they just said Paraguay again! What the hell is with Paraguay????  4:22 p.m. Ah, the house to myself.  I ran out and got a couple bottles of wine, and now I am sitting here enjoying a glass all alone in my house. Incredibly, it’s almost dinner time and I have had only 362 calories so far. Holy cow!  Of course the wine will add to that considerably.  But I have a nice healthy dinner planned, of more chicken, that lovely eggplant ratatouille or whatever it’s called, and broccoli.  5:37 Got another 10 minutes gliding in. Not much, but it will help with the metabolism. I rule. RULE. 
    
    


    
       7:23 a.m. Monday. First day of Week Ten. Wow!  Feeling pretty good this morning. I took half an actifed last night, so I slept like a frog. Woke up to pee maybe once. My plan is to do TotalGym this morning. Then I have my haircut at 10:00, so I need a quick workout. This afternoon perhaps I’ll be able to work in some gliding — I’ll see how my hip feels.  I’m almost caught up with the archived Skinny Daily Post entries, I need to find something else with hundreds of archived entries I can read from the beginning!  Here’s something I want to say about losing weight:  I am glad I’m doing it, and I really want it. BUT I am angry with myself for not being everything I could be while still fat.  I’m disappointed that I bought into this myth that you have to be thin for anything to matter. Therefore: I must work on being more fabulous NOW.  And here’s the other thing I want to say:  I am realizing that to me, the eating and possibly the weight are all about control, as far as any psychological factors may be involved.  I had a little epiphany about that several months ago, and looking through my journal I see that the only really difficult spot, the only disordered eating event in ten weeks was when I didn’t want to go to the basketball game. Somehow food was a means of taking back control.  More random thoughts: whenever I am “done” with losing weight, I will have to maintain it. I think I need to work exercise into my life in a more natural way. Hopefully, with a lighter body I’ll be ABLE to exercise more. But I’m going to have to do those things like always take the stairs, park far away, get a dog and walk it, etc.  I’m not always going to have the luxury of all day to fit in whatever workouts I feel like.   And here’s another thing. I bought an issue of Shape magazine, and threw it away within 2 hours.  First of all, the “articles” are nothing but prompts to buy products. Secondly, there’s nothing useful in the entire publication. Next to no information. Thirdly, their photography is not consistent with the avowed mission of the magazine. I do NOT want to see underweight-by-30-pounds fashion models pretending to lift weights with little stick arms that don’t have enough muscle in them to lift a fork to their mouths.  Another: maybe I should buy some nice workout clothes instead of the horrible oversized rags I wear now.  12:56 p.m. Well, it’s been quite a nice day so far. 1) the Measurement Shorts are half an inch closer to buttoning. Yep. 2) I got my hair cut and I look great. 3) My measurements are a little tiny bit smaller. I had a great time going to the hardware store and Ace. I looked so good with my hair freshly cut that it gave me all sorts of confidence, and I didn’t want to go home after!  I wanted to stay out and show off. It was such a difference from my usual run-home-as-fast-as-possible self, that I began to get an inkling of how much self assurance I might have when I lose weight. It’s not that I have to look gorgeous, it was the feeling that I was NOT a freak. That no one was staring at me in disgust.  3:13 p.m. Did a little gardening. Nothing all that strenuous, but I’m going to give myself 100 calories. It’s hard work for me, maybe not for someone else. Here’s some fun news. My new jeans? The size 24s? Starting to fall off. Yep.  Daisy is planning to call me at 4:00. I can’t wait. I so want to have a drink while talking to her. There’s nothing in the house except vermouth, so I will have a small glass of that. I can’t overdo it, there’s only a drop left in the bottle. Also going to do a little bit of gliding beforehand - I’m not going to hit my goal of 300 minutes a week at this rate! Not when Friday will be devoted to airports and airlines.  9:16 p.m. Just back from Target. What an ordeal. Mostly bought vacation clothes for Bucko, although I got a new blouse. I had to get a 24; it was a button-down shirt, and of course the 22 was too small in the bust. And the 24 is too large everywhere else. That will continue to be a problem for me no matter what size I am. But that’s okay, because: remember the new jeans mentioned above? I can now pull them down without unbuttoning them. Hee. 
    
    


    
       6:37 a.m. Thursday, Day 122. Damn that restaurant! Damn damn damn. Both of us woke up groggy and stupid, with swollen eyes and puffy faces. MSG.  We don’t get it, because Bucko gets lunch at that place all the time, which is why we figured it was safe. Don’t know what happened — they changed their recipe suddenly; they make food differently at night; they used a pre-packaged sauce; it was an acccident (Whoops! I spilled this box of MSG into the stir fry. Oh well.). Anyway, I am very annoyed with them, because I don’t like to be literally poisoned when I eat restaurant food. Come on people, is there seriously any mutant customer on the planet who  wants  MSG in their food?  Had a hard time coming up with the calories. I ate most of a serving, but with hardly any rice (compared to what they provided, which must have been 4 cups per person). I figured all the components separately, and come up with 535 calories, which ain’t bad, and which gives me 1447 for the day.  Much  lower than I expected. I hope my estimate is close — I did it as accurately as I could and rounded up.  So moving on from the Chinese food... talked to my brother a few days ago. He cracks me up. He’s probably the smartest person I’ve ever met, and his conversation is... eclectic.  I grabbed a pencil and wrote down the topics he covered in a 20 minute phone call, although I gave up halfway through. Each one followed logically from the previous, although now I can’t see some of the connections. It's not wild-eyed rambling, though, this was all intelligent, meaningful conversation. Here, then, is a partial list of Jimmy’s Phone Call Topics:     Plumbing*  Labor Unions  Hotels     Jimmy Hoffa  heroin  The Phoenix Project     Conspiracy Theories  Vietnam war  Laos     H&R Block  Carter vs. Reagan  Trickledown economics     Voodoo economics  Carpentry  1000 Points of Light     James Watts and Amway  Deaths at 4th of July Parties  The Beach Boys     Dead people in bushes  Islands in the Stream  Mardi Gras     Class struggle  Robert Heinlein  Sex in science fiction     Conan the Barbarian  Ireland  Swamp monsters     Werewolves  Gollum  The Lord of the Rings     Indians  Malaria  Vampires and Jewish people**     sharks  one shark for two people (?)  Bimini     *My brother is a plumber, and believe me he contradicts every stereotype of a plumber you’ve ever had.  **Why don’t vampires just attack Jewish people. Since they don’t have any crosses.  1:43 p.m. I’m trying to be really active today and drink a lot of water to flush out the MSG as quickly as possible. So far today I have painted the dining room, dug out two more shrubs in the front, went grocery shopping, bought and unloaded eight new shrubs, did a second coat in the dining room, and now I’m making catfish stew for Bucko’s dinner. THEN I will take a shower and make a chicken caesar salad for me and Daisy, because we are having dinner together tonight. I cannot wait to see her. I haven’t seen her for 15 days, and I need my fix.  
    
    


    
       7:40 a.m. Wednesday, Day 121. Slept late today, I must have been making up for Monday night and recuperating from all that bush digging. I’m a little sore this morning, in the back of my thighs, but nothing terrible. Came in at 1467 calories yesterday, which is perfect. The week is off to a good start.  Not sure what I’m doing today, probably a repeat of yesterday. Work on the proposal from home, dig bushes, paint furniture. They’re behind schedule in writing the proposal, so we won’t go into production until Sunday. Which means being in The Orifice on the weekend. Yeah, yuk. Whatever, I’m glad for the hours. Nothing like a little impending poverty to make you appreciate a paycheck.  On that front, Bucko and I have decided to go ahead and get the house all ready to sell so that whenever I DO get a couple good paychecks, that’s when we can apply for a loan. It’s not the end of the world if we don’t get it on the market now, because it’s not like we have a deadline, but this is the time of year to do it. Houses in this neighorhood don’t sell fast, so I don’t want to miss our best opportunity.  I have a new favorite food. Pompeian brand Fire Roasted Red Peppers. $1.69 for a 12 ounce jar. That’s a bargain!  Also, check out the ingredients: roasted peppers, water, salt, and citric acid. Period. In the entire jar, 90 calories, 15 grams carbs, 3 grams fiber, 0 fat. I’m using about a quarter or a third of a jar at a time. These things are perfect in a salad or diced up in a rice dish. They’re not hot; for some reason I read the “Fire” part of the label as meaning spicy.  I don’t usually write that much online about what I’m eating, although offline I record every bite. At the beginning of this weight loss adventure, I discovered that I absolutely MUST have the most delicious food I can manage (which mostly means “can afford”), so that I don’t feel deprived. There’s no way I would survive on the typical bland diet. You know, half a grapefruit for breakfast, 3 ounces broiled chicken for lunch. Feh. So I’ve put a lot of thought and effort into condiments and — I don’t know what to call them — garnishes, I guess.  I eat a lot of salads, which can become dull, so I dress them up with some diced artichoke hearts, or a few black olives, mandarin oranges, or these delicious roasted peppers, and it makes the salad look fantastic, it adds a lot of flavor, thus making a very appealing meal for not much money and not much added calories. Then I don’t feel deprived, I feel like I’m eating a luxurious diet. I feel very... Zsa Zsa.  The backyard has become  filled  with wildlife recently. The squirrels, of course, are always here, but the migratory birds have started showing up. The hummingbird came three days ago. Usually they show up on May 1, but there’s always an outrider who arrives a couple weeks ahead of that. To set up camp? I don’t know. This year, TWO hummingbirds showed up early, and there have been great, epic battles already. Hummingbirds are very territorial, and I put out only one feeder, because I like to watch them fight. Also, TWO male cardinals have appeared at once. Again with the territorial wars, because when the dust settles we’ll have only one in our yard. The women haven’t arrived yet. We always called them Cardinal Richelieu and his dowdy wife Estelle, because the females aren’t so brightly colored. Last year a second wife was added, so we called her Stella. Neither one is evident yet, but I can’t wait to see how this pans out. It’s sort of the avian version of Bob & Carol & Ted & Alice.  2:20 p.m. I just took a break from formatting the proposal and laid in the sun in my backyard for 30 minutes. I know, that’s so unlike me!  5:21 p.m. Done with the proposal for the day. I’ve had enough of sitting at the computer. I got a base coat on the windsor chair, and I think I’ve decided on painting a seashell on the seat, and then some kind of funky-cute pink details on the rest. It’s hard for me to paint “cute,” because I  hate  whimsy, but I don’t think this will be putrid. I hope. Marella is sending in our booth fee and application today, so it’s definite. Or will be soon. Bucko is bringing home Chinese food for dinner, so this won’t be a low calorie day for me, but I’ll try to come in at least within goal. I think I can make that. My high end is 1800 calories, and right now I’m at 912. Should work out.  
    
    


    
       6:45 a.m. Tuesday, Day 120. Feeling quite chipper this morning. Not quite enough sleep, I woke up at 5:30, but I’m doing okay. Dreams? Yes. Brief version: Dominick Dunne was on his way to prison for refusing to reveal a source on the stand, and I ran into him in the airport (?) as he said his farewells to family and friends. I rushed up to him and gushed all over in a fan-like way, and instead of being repulsed, he immediately loved me and promised to write to me from jail. Also Daisy was there, and he totally ignored her. It is unkind of me to be catty and jealous, but in my dream I was all “Ha ha, see, I’m WAY hotter than you,” which is significant because in real life Daisy is not only incredibly beautiful but has actually met Dominick Dunne.  So I managed 1224 calories yesterday. I can’t brag; it’s mostly because I missed lunch, and that’s not something I want to make a habit of. Other good news today — tried on the Measurement Shorts, and I think I see some progress. They were  almost  wearable. Way too snug in the butt for comfort, but I could almost conceive of wearing them. It’s such a tiny hint of progress, but more than I’ve seen for a month, so I am considerably heartened and remotivated.  12:32 p.m. I just dug up three giant bushes out of our front yard, roots and all. That was HARD work, so combined with my gliding today I think I’ve got my exercise accomplished.  5:27 p.m. Well, this has been a productive day. Besides the bush digging, I also formatted the proposal for four hours, finished the piano bench, primed the windsor chair, and did two loads of laundry. I rule. AND as of this moment I’m only at 754 calories, which means I have plenty available for dinner and still stay within goal. Rock rock rock!  
    
    


    
       7:23 a.m. Monday, Day 119. Feeling a bit slow this morning. I think I’m dehydrated — I had both sashimi and red wine last night. Otherwise okay. But the dreams. Gah. Not nightmares, but unpleasant.  So I ended up the week well within goal (one pound per week). According to calculations, I should have lost 1.25 pounds this week. Yes, do you know anyone else who tries to lose weight without a scale and just does the math on paper? As I eventually discovered, initially I was losing MORE weight than what my calculations showed. However, the loss has stopped, or slowed down so much as to be imperceptible, so I’m not confident that I really did lose any this week. I might need another week or so On Plan for it to kick in. But, my method is to use a hypothetical universe, and I’m sticking with it. This way, I get to feel positive and motivated and successful. The calculator says I lost weight. Also, I want to point out that raw tuna is an  excellent  value, calorie-wise.  A good weekend all around, really. Almost finished painting that piano bench, and it looks very nice and beach-y, got some yard work done, went grocery shopping, and picked up a windsor chair and a wine rack to paint. Not sure what I’ll do with them, I’ll have to wait for inspiration. Today I will have to go to The Orifice, but probably just for a few hours. Maybe this Friday I will send in my temp application, unless something else has come up. I have great plans for this week. I will do SensibleGym this morning, because I have been neglecting the weight training aspect of my exercise. I’m going to try really really hard to stay on plan. I’m going to drink all my water. I’m going to get a bunch of stuff crossed off the To Do list. And probably monkeys will fly out my butt.  It very suddenly turned into Spring here.  We’re in the middle of the tree pollen season, where the pine trees shed a fine, greenish powder all over everything, every day, for about three weeks. It is absolute hell for people with allergies, and a great annoyance otherwise. The temperature is so nice, it’s not humid yet, it’s sometimes breezy, everything is growing and it smells wonderful, but you can’t keep the windows open. Oh, you’ll regret it if you do. You’ll wake up at night literally choking on pollen. Your car is covered every day, and you’ll need to wash it a couple times a week if you want to see out the windshield. Everything looks dull and dusty. Then when it finally ends, it’s so damned hot and humid you have to close the windows and put on the AC. That’s when I wonder why the hell I ever moved to the South. But then I talk to my brother in Denver, and he says they just got 8 inches of snow, and I look outside at the green leaves basking in the 85-degree day, and then I remember. Fast forward to August, and I’m DREAMING of a snowstorm. No, I just can’t be satisfied.  4:00 p.m. My god, can that place get any stupider? Or, let me rephrase that: can Crazy Hair get any stupider?  Here is what he did. He sent out an email memo, with attachments, to the FIVE other people who work in the office, describing the office’s printers and their uses and the office’s scanning capabilities. Why is this stupid? Because, of the FIVE other people, all of whom have worked there for years and have used the equipment for years:   One of them is Crazy Hair’s underling, who already knows about the printers and scanners because he wrote part of the memo.   One of them is ME, the Publications Manager, and believe me I know ALL about the printers and scanners, because, you know, officially those are the tools of my trade.   One of them is the Receptionist. No comment about her.   One of them is the Accountant, and she prints only on a confidential-use printer in her office.   One of them is the VP of a large division (not ours), and he is the intended target of the memo. The main message is: “Don’t use  this  printer, use  that  printer. Nyaah nyaah nyahh.” And if you know the personalities involved, you’d realize how insane it is for this low-level project manager to give orders to this high-level VP. And how silly to dress it up as an “all hands” memo. Oh sure, Crazy Hair, that’s going to go over well. He’s like a little boy in some sort of pissing contest. What a dildo.   I guess it’s not funny to anyone but me. That’s work for you.  In other work news, when I walked into the conference room of three men, I received compliments on my appearance (along the lines of "you look nice today" not "have you lost weight?"). No, really I'm not so pathetic that I need that kind of reassurance, but it was a notable event to me. I was like "Huh. Well, okay. Sure."   No, I changed my mind. I AM so pathetic that I need that kind of thing. If anyone else is losing weight solely for their health, I applaud you and you're my hero, but I cannot deny that a LARGE part of my motivation is to look better. So, yeah, I like it when I get compliments from men. So sue me.   In other other news, I didn’t bring lunch with me, and I stayed longer than I expected, so I had 6 hard candies from the receptionist’s desk, which has given me a sugar headache, although fortunately not many calories, and now I’m home ready to eat dinner at 4:21.  8:18 p.m. I’m interested in seeing Troy. I’ve only seen a few brief commercials for it, and I haven’t been able to tell who is cast in what part. I’m really interested to know who Brad Pitt is playing. If you read my Favorite Movie list, you know I’ve become a Pitt fan recently, and also I love the Iliad. He’s such a big star you’d figure he’s playing Achilles, but I just don’t see that. Achilles is so callow sometimes, and Pitt is too mature for that part. By the same token, I can’t see him playing Paris. Orlando Bloom would be perfect for Paris. Which, then? Agamemnon? Hmm, no. Agamemnon is too old. Menelaus? Nah. He’s sort of a weiner. I’m voting for Hector. That’s the only character with the strength and importance for a player like Pitt. In fact, Hector is one of my favorite characters in the story, and doesn’t usually get the attention he deserves. Any one else have any theories? Ooh, ooh, I have another: what if Pitt plays Odysseus, who doesn’t have a giant part in the Iliad, but is perfectly positioned for the  sequel  ? We’ll have to wait and see.  
    
    


    
       8:20 a.m. Sunday, Day 118.  Feeling okay, slept okay, somewhat better mood. We ran out of Benefiber recently, so I bought a bottle of Metamucil. It’s less than half the price. As I also discovered this morning, the first ingredient is sugar. I don’t know how I managed to miss that on the label. And it’s not dissolving well in my coffee. Also, a few days ago I tried to put it in the CoW, and it turned into a gelatinous mess. So I think we’ll have to go back to Benefiber, even with the cost. I didn’t see any other brands to choose from, but perhaps today I’ll go to the super-expensive trendy “alternative” supermarket and see what they have.   I think I will just make it under goal this week (oppw) if I eat lightly today. It’s been a real struggle. All week I’ve had that panicky feeling every time I felt hungry. Like: whatever meal I’m eating right now is the only one I’ll ever get, and I want it to be good. I can’t tolerate any deprivation, or even moderation. When I’m  not  feeling this way, I realize that if this particular meal isn’t 100 percent fulfilling and filling, so what, there’s another one coming up in a few hours. When I’m in this panic state, I can’t see that, I can’t wait for another four hours. The food becomes the only thing that matters, and nothing else can distract me. Where is this coming from? It reminds me of once (at band camp), a friend’s therapist said that when people become stressed, they develop “tunnel vision,” their peripheral vision actually shuts down. It’s a coping mechanism, to cut down on the amount of distraction until they have dealt with the crisis at hand. Sometimes that’s useful, sometimes it causes them to miss important input.  I feel like I might be focusing on the food and shutting out everything peripheral... possibly the stress of the past couple months, the moving, the job situation? Oh well duh, how long was it going to take me to reach that conclusion? I’ve said before (although I don’t know if I’ve written it here) that I think one of my emotional issues with food is control, that it’s an area of my life where other people cannot control me and I’m the one making the decisions. Maybe when I’m feeling particularly helpless, I want to eat because it puts me in charge.  I have a lot to mull over here, and I’m sorry I can’t write it more succinctly. I am thinking as I type...  Denise, Yvonne, and Mo are having a three-sided discussion about “why do we go off plan when it feels so much better to be on plan,” and I think this is giving me an insight about that particular question, at least in the way it works for me. The equation is not “go off plan = feel bad,” it’s really “feel bad = go off plan.”  Maybe that’s Weight Loss 101 for most people, but I’m just now understanding it for myself. Getting back on plan is not, in itself, going to fix things for me; there are underlying issues that must be dealt with before I have the strength to continue the plan. I’ve always thought that’s why I could never lose weight when I worked full time in That Miserable Hellhole (a.k.a. The Orifice): my level of stress and unhappiness caused both chemical and emotional conditions that prevented it. So now I’m in another, albeit lesser, period of anxiety, and I’m finding it difficult to stick with a rigorous, self-imposed regimen of hard work. Gee, really? Heh. Without jeopardizing my resolve to get BACK on plan, I am not going to beat myself up about this. I’m going to allow myself to feel sad and brave and worthy, and marinate in it to my heart’s content. Then when I’m done with it, I can move on. But the key for me is I have to get DONE with it, not keep ignoring it and suppressing it, because that just prolongs the sitch.  
    
    


    
       7:06 a.m. Saturday, Day 117.  I could feel worse. I can’t pretend I feel  great,  not after four martinis, but it could be worse.  Yesterday was rather high in the calories, due to martinis and also the pork rib.  I realize I have to stop buying those things. They’re just so delicious slow cooked in the oven, and the bastards keep putting them on sale for 99 cents a pound. I’ve resisted them the last two or three times they were on sale, but caved in eventually, and we’ve had them for two days now. There are two leftover in the fridge right now, and either Bucko’s got to eat them or we have to throw them away, because I don’t want to have another 795 calorie rib.    urlLink These   urlLink guys  are doing an Immediate Challenge — to stay on program through the end of the month. Which right now is 7 days. I should do this too. I need a small goal, like I was writing about yesterday. Little, easily-managed, bite-sized goals. Yes, I really should do this. I should email Denise and say “Sign me up!”   Yes. Well. Maybe later. Or better yet, I’ll take the challenge, but I won’t tell anyone. That’s it. Sorry guys, I want to join in, but my brain has been too fragile lately. I know I’m letting myself off the hook. But I’m with you in spirit, okay?  I got a clothing catalog in the mail from TravelSmith. Probably the recent vacation has put me on a lot of mailing lists. Anyway, in this catalog, they don’t use models, they just show the clothing. Which is fine, it’s expensive to use models. It takes so many shots to get just the right one — not only does the clothing have to look good, but the model has to have both eyes open, no hair in the face, etc. In this catalog, they show the clothes on hangers, generally with no background. But once in a while they’ve got a shot where the clothing is sort of  arranged  to look like a person. Like a flat, handless, footless person with a clothes hanger poking out where their  urlLink head should be.   
    
    


    
       7:06 a.m. Friday, Day 116. I'm reasonably okay today. Not chipper, not crappy. Slept okay, but with a disturbing dream in which I killed some people who had broken into the house. I’m trying to figure out the symbology of that one, in light of how depressed I was yesterday, and all I can come up with is feeling beleaguered. Because I wasn’t feeling invaded or attacked. Hmm. I guess this one is just a cigar...?  Anyway. 1312 calories yesterday, even with ribs for dinner, so three good days in a row. That helps. I made the most delicious stir-fry on Wednesday, did I rave about it yet? Celery, carrots, onions, garlic, zucchini, mushrooms, and tofu, spiced with curry powder, thyme, allspice, and ginger. This is only the second time I’ve cooked tofu, and it came out well. I pressed it, which removes some liquid and makes it denser and thus chewy. Then I sauteed it at medium-high temperature, with soy sauce and a dash of sesame oil. I had leftovers of that for lunch yesterday, and green beans for an afternoon snack. Hence the low calories.  I still feel I’m circling on the edge of squirreliness this morning, so I must take care today to stay busy and stave off the gloom. I read the beginning of my journal yesterday, to reinspire myself, and the most obvious thing is that I was dealing with the diet/exercise “one day at a time.” At the most, one week at a time. Apparently for me it’s important to take on challenges in little pieces; I don’t want to see a huge, gray, endless mountain of effort ahead of me (no, really?). If I think of this as a one-week effort, then my brain will make a little contest of it, get psyched into trying to see how well I can eat, how much water I can drink, how many hours I can exercise. If I consider it as a one-year-plus-forever project, then my brain tries to find ways to cheat and lie. Because it seems like a prison sentence, and my brain is very sensibly trying to escape.  I know I won’t have a low-cal day today, but I’m not planning on a huge overage, either. I want to leave room for the martinis, so it’s salad for me for the rest of the day. Isn’t that disordered, to cut out food in order to drink? Yes, I know it is, that question was sort of rhetorical.   Two unrelated things:     You know what I miss about not getting a real paper newspaper anymore? I used to like to read the Lost and Found, and match up the Losers and Finders. You know, “Lost: small brown dog” and “Found: little beige canine.” And draw a line between them. There was always at least one happy ending to be discovered.    Did you know that a person who has the condition  anorexia nervosa  is described as “anorectic,” not “anorexic.”? Well, I know it. Now you do too. Futhermore, “anorexia” means loss of appetite. “Anorexia  nervosa”  means loss of appetite because of psychological reasons.    
    
    


    
       6:46 a.m. Thursday, Day 115. Had an excellent day yesterday, calorie-wise: 1189. Oh yeah. Also cleaned, painted, painted the trim and door, and redid the caulk in the bathroom. That took a few more hours than I thought — I don’t know why I think I can paint a room in two hours. I’ve done it enough times to know it doesn’t work that way. Anyway, it looks great. I painted the same color, but in flat instead of eggshell, and it’s a big improvement. I love the way flat paint looks. It FEELS awful, but it looks great, and how often do you touch the walls, anyway?  Feeling good this morning. Another decent night of sleep. Made Bucko breakfast (CoW, three eggs, and the last porkchop. Yeah, I’m trying to kill him).  Have another bunch of things on my list today. Need to get cracking on the cover for the proposal, write bills and balance checkbook, prime the new piano bench, and do another item toward getting the house done. Haven’t decided which one, yet. But don’t worry, I have a huge list to consult.  One cup of zucchini has 29 calories. You know, I couldn’t possibly eat more than two cups of zucchini. 58 calories=full stomach. That’s a good deal.  9:13 a.m. Oh boy. This is not going to be a good day. There are many bad omens. I sat down to balance the checkbook, and of course the first thing is how broke we are. I’m transferring the last bit of savings into checking to pay for this month. Second shock: when I tried to transfer funds by phone, the system did not recognize that I have a savings account. Uh-oh. So I had to wait patiently until 9:00 a.m. to call the bank to speak to a real person. Third shock: They’re not answering the phone. Earth Day isn’t a bank holiday, is it? This morning I started the process of uploading Tahiti photos to PhotoIsland. Disconnected so I could use the phone line to call bank. After that, tried to get back into PhotoIsland. Fourth shock: “Server not found.”  How can my bank and my new photo library go belly-up at the same time?  9:18 a.m. Okay, got through to the bank, and they do think I have a savings account. An ever-dwindling account Whew!  2:20 p.m. And PhotoIsland is working now too. Whew, again. And by the way, I have put up my diary of the  urlLink Tahiti trip,  if anyone is interested. But don’t feel obligated to feign interest.  5:32 p.m. I’m having kind of a bad day.  I guess it started with balancing the checkbook and realizing how quickly we are running out of money. I’m so frustrated with the concept of jobs and work. Yeah, I know, poor me, I’m the only one to suffer so. Well, just because it’s a mundane and unavoidable part of life doesn’t mean I’m not going to complain about it. Anyway, I’ve been kind of moody and of exceptionally low self-esteem today, even for me. And yet, I got a lot of stuff accomplished, which I don’t usually do when I’m mopey. I worked 3 or 4 hours on real work, for which I will get paid, I cleaned and primed that new piano bench, gave it a first coat, and I’ve eaten nothing but vegetables all day. It’s 5:30 and I’ve had 430 calories so far. Which is good, because I’m about to have a whopping big pork rib for dinner. Also, managed to avoid buying or drinking any alcohol. I was on the verge — like, putting my shoes on and grabbing my car keys — to go get a bottle of vodka and some vermouth, and have a delicious icy cold martini or two, as some sort of salve for the wounds of the day (that sounded kind of literary and cool) but stopped myself short. Partly because I’m trying to drink less, mostly because I didn’t want to screw up my great calories today. So I know I should be impressed with my initiative and fortitude, but they ain’t paying the bills. However, TOMORROW is drinking night, and you bet your ass I’m having martinis!  Tomorrow will be better. It’s all okay. I promise.   
    
    


    
       6:46 a.m. Wednesday, Day 114. Feeling quite chipper today. Last night I slept ALL THE WAY THROUGH.  That happens to me so rarely, maybe a couple times a year. Plenty of dreams, but nothing notable or disturbing. Just random snippets.   A reasonable total yesterday, 1500 calories even. That’s right in the middle of my range, so I’m not unhappy with it, but would like to go lower today. I will plan on an all-vegetable day, that usually does it.  I ate breakfast so early today I will be starving by 9:00.  I bought another piano bench yesterday for $15. Looks like Marella and I will do the Topsail show in June, so I need to get to work. I’m trying to do mainly furniture this year, not all that little stuff like switchplate covers and boxes.  1:54 p.m. Doing well with the food, but almost had An Incident with wasabi peas. Those things are so delicious, and I had settled in to mindlessly munching on them. Sadly, they are not devoid of calories and fat. Fortunately I noticed what I was doing and stopped at a reasonable quantity. It’s been recommended, many times, that one should not do anything else while eating — no TV, no reading — and I see the value of that. I’m at 511 calories right now, with dinner still to go. We’re having salmon (I forgot it was in the fridge, and it needs to be eaten today, so much for all-veg day) but I will also make a zucchini and tofu stir fry. Load me up on protein! Whoo-hoo! Anyway, that should work out fine to stay within goal.  2:30 p.m. I’m trying to get a LOT of things done today, and I’m losing steam. Besides exercise, an hour of “real” work, and of course writing obsessively in my journal, I’m painting the downstairs bathroom. I’m most of the way done, now it’s just the trim and redoing the grout. Heh, “just.” That will take as long as the walls, since the trim is filthy and I’ll need to clean that and the floor first.  Also trying to clean our filthy upstairs shower, on and off for a couple days. Haven’t found anything that will make the floor white again, not even straight bleach. That’s not a good sign...  I miss Daisy. I haven’t seen her since the 14th, which according to my calculations is 7 days. Seems longer. 
    
    


    
       7:26 a.m. Tuesday, Day 113.  Peoples, I MUST get my shit together. I don’t want to flagellate myself (ooh!) but I do need to be a little stern. I am eating too much and not exercising enough, and I need to quit it and get back “on program.” Enough’s enough.  The annoying thing is, I haven't exactly gone OFF program, I’m just not hitting it quite hard enough. I’m not having eating binges, I haven’t quit exercising, I still THINK I’m on a program, but I’ve become too lax, and I’m not losing weight anymore. I’m just not doing  quite  enough: like, I’m fifteen minutes short of exercising enough, or eating just 120 calories too many. Which also makes me feel like a big dumb-ass, to go through 95% of the effort, and not be able to focus enough to come up with the other measly 5% needed.  Today I’m going to read the beginning of my journal, and try to recapture whatever emotions or thoughts that enabled me to start this program. All of a sudden those 12-Step programs are making sense to me, I finally understand that one-day-a-time philosophy. Not only that you have to deal with your life in manageable, bite-sized chunks, but that each day requires its own commitment, its own re-evaluation and re-dedication to your cause. You can’t bank those for tomorrow. You can’t coast along on your previous commitment and success, which is what I have been doing. I have never been successful at losing weight before this, so I must have thought that I had broken through some sort of tangible metabolic barrier in the past few months, that once I had started the process, it would continue on its own momentum.  Dammit, I hate it when I’m wrong.  So, I will try to re-focus on this. But I will also give myself props for continuing to improve my health by daily exercise and a nutritious diet, whether or not it has caused me to lose weight. I know that sounds very Stuart Smalley, but I’m willing to take what inspiration I can, wherever I find it.  
    
    


    
       7:08 a.m. Monday, Day 112.  Here is what I dreamed last night: I dreamed I was in art school, and the classes sucked and the tuition was high, and we were obviously getting massively ripped off by the school. So I tried to lead a student revolt, get the administrators to concede to our demands, but I was having a hell of a time organizing anyone, because we were Weeble-type people, about three feet tall, and also we were filled with straw and damp lawn clippings inside. So the evil school administration was having NO problem slicing us down, literally. Near the end of the movie, I mean dream, I discovered a secret agricultural and manufacturing plant in the school, where I learned that they had actually created us, as soul-less and un-free creatures designed specifically to do their bidding. Which bidding was to go to their crappy art school. Whatever.  So the beach was great. The water was too cold to swim, but we were happy to sit on our chairs, drink, read, and watch the waves. Very relaxing. Picked up a little tan, very little burn. I’ve never been one for “laying out”, mostly because for most of my life I wouldn’t be seen in public in a bathing suit, but also because I can think of few things as tortuous as sweating in the hot hot sun for the sake of a tan. Now I have reached a place in my life where these two things are irrelevant: 1) I don’t care what people think of me in my bathing suit, and 2) sitting on the beach with friends, beer, munchies, and a book is not tedious.   I didn’t track my food AT ALL. It was as though the entire concept just flew out of my brain as soon as I got in the car. Fortunately, the concept of dieting didn’t entirely fly out; I ate as well as I could in the circumstances. So as in Tahiti, I’m using a high guesstimate for those two days, which has me ending the week at slightly over goal, meaning I didn’t lose any weight but didn’t gain any either. Will try the mShorts later and see if any progress has been made by that yardstick. Here's a nice Progress Point: I haven’t been to the beach since last summer, and I was pleased to see that this time I didn’t have any trouble slogging the two blocks of sand-filled pathway from the Love Shack to the water. I mean, it’s still a workout for my calves, but I was able to do it without gasping and nearly having a heart attack, as in previous years. Good on me.  10:12 a.m. Finished 40 minutes of glider sprints (whew!) and two big plates of lettuce salad with red pepper slices.  Working on my second glass of water; I must concentrate on water this week and get my consumption up to a reasonable level. I’m carrying around the timer to remind me to drink. For some reason I have to keep relearning two of the basics of weight loss: 1) drink a LOT of water, 2) make sure you have good food in the house and with you out of the house, and the corollary to #2, make sure you don’t have BAD food in the house, because you WILL eat it.  A lot to do today, and not sure whether I’m going to The Orifice. Possibly not, but probably tomorrow and some hours the rest of the week. I have some work I can do at home. Also need to grocery shop and vacuum. The floor is DISGUSTING. Our vacuum cleaner is dying a slow death, so I haven’t been using it much. Also need to work on the candle holder. And the giant list of things to do around the house in order to sell it. Yeah, like that'll happen.  P.S. no progress with the mShorts.  4:22 p.m. Got about half of my agenda accomplished, and some extra credit assignments thrown in (clean the shower and dust). Had a huge pile of shrimp for lunch, for 420 calories. MUCH higher than my typical lunch, but on the other hand, as a result I haven’t snacked all afternoon. So it’s a tradeoff, my total for the day should be within goal. It’s actually hot today; I haven’t seen the weather but I’m going to guess in the mid 80s. Hello summer!  Not quite, it’s nowhere near the heat and humidity that it’ll be in June, but still it’s pretty toasty. All the sweating makes me think I’m working harder than I am. That would make an excellent fake-French name: S'elf De Lujion.  
    
    


    
       7:34 a.m. Friday, Day 109.  I’m feeling rather hideous this morning. Physically, anyway.  Had a WEE bit too much wine last night, so I fell asleep very early, then of course woke up at 2 a.m. and didn’t get back to sleep until after 5. On the bright side, I saw a really great movie,  urlLink All That Heaven Allows,  which is partly why I was up so long, I couldn’t stop watching it. There’s a scene I loved, where all the bohemian people have a merry little dinner with much laughing and dancing afterward, that is so much what I wanted to describe in my  urlLink Perfect Day  story. Has anyone else seen that movie? The IMDB review by “Alex V” is spot on. I want to say that Rock Hudson is certainly tall and handsome, but his acting wasn’t anything outstanding in this. I haven’t seen many of his films, but I have the impression he’s better in comedy. Secondly, did anyone see a similarity to  urlLink Far From Heaven,  at least in the beginning of the movies? I wonder if that was deliberate, especially considering the titles; Far From Heaven is  almost  a retelling of the story, with a different ending. I’ll bet they were both books, too, and I’m going to look for them. Hopefully will have the same names... And on a related thought, Dennis Haysbert is one of my favorite actors, and I really don’t think he should be doing television commercials, especially for  Allstate,  for crying out loud.  The other bright side is that I came in under goal (the high end, anyway) even with the wine and subsequent munchies. So I’m not proud of myself, but not cringing in guilt, either.  We’re going to the beach this weekend (staying with friends for FREE), and leaving this afternoon as early as Bucko can get off work. Which might be around 3.  I’m going to drive to Marella’s and leave my car there, and he can pick me up. Because that’s on the way to the beach, and if he had to come home to get me, it would add another hour onto the trip. So my point is, I’ll need to leave here no later than 2 and possibly earlier, so I have to get everything accomplished early, including shopping for weekend food. And I’m dragged out and haggard, and already behind schedule. Oh yes, life is so hard, I have to RUSH around preparing for a little beach vacation. Can you believe how much I whine about everything?? At least when I catch myself doing it I’m embarrassed.  11:38 a.m. Just back from the grocery store. No email or messages from The Orifice, so that’s good. I was afraid I’d get a ton of work today and have to make the difficult choice between getting paid and going to the beach. I have a little bit of a headache, not surprising. Also, after I went on and on yesterday about eating soup for breakfast for four months, today I broke the pattern and had a leftover chicken breast and a banana. I didn’t want to open a can of soup and then have the second half sitting in the frig until Monday morning. It’s not like it would actually go bad, but I can’t see it improving, either.  I tried to buy a bunch of food to bring with us; since we stay with our friends at their house I feel obligated to chip in more than the usual amount with food. The problem is, I just can’t find anything at the supermarket that’s both convenient and healthy (and also affordable and palatable). It would be easiest to get a bunch of chips, pretzels, frozen pizza, and cookies and that crap, but no way am I eating it, and I don’t want to risk having it around.  So I compromised with ONE bag of chips, of a kind that I don’t like so I won’t be too tempted, a couple packages of “trail mix” type snackies (dried fruit, nuts, some crackers), a bunch of bananas, apples, 2 canteloupes, and 24 bottles of beer. Which I will drink probably 4 of. Also I’m making a giant salad, and I’ll bring it in a cooler so it doesn’t get all wilty, and I can eat it whenever, and anyone else can join in. I’m bringing soup for my breakfast, and also a couple cans of tuna and salmon. Some homemade burritos for Bucko (I don’t eat them because I can’t find low-fat tortillas and so the calories are too high). And for dinner we’ll either go to a seafood restaurant or buy fresh from the market. I think I’ll survive.  So no updates until Monday or maybe Tuesday. Bye bye.  
    
    


    
       1. Blogs, for starters.  2. Anime. Japanimation. Other Japanese cultural things like Hello Kitty. Not that I have anything against the Japanese, and certainly I appreciate their expertise in the delicious raw fish with rice department, but my generation had no particular interest in Japan. We were more into the Vietnamese, Cambodians, and Indians. Also Native Americans and sometimes Africans.  3. TiVo. You kids have just got to stop watching so much television. It’s not  good  for you.  4. X-boxes, iPods, and other things with a “single-letter-then-a-word” name. It’s as though I have a mental block (an m-Block) that prevents me from understanding what these things are, except that I know they are not the same thing. I think.  5. Sleeping in bed and cuddling with a person of the opposite sex, but not having sex with them.  I’ve read of this in more than one blog, and several times in Tomato Nation, where a date of sorts takes place, including spending the night together in the same bed, but no sex occurs. Listen up, young persons. I know you’re going to think I’m an old fogey, but in my day a primary objective of a date was to have sex, or “hook up” as it were. Also, you’re not doing enough drugs.  6. Reality TV. Hmm. I’ll admit the first few seasons of “The Real World” were entertaining, in a horrible sort of way, but enough’s enough.  These programs are so devoid of content they’ve resorted to minutes of ominous-sounding music with out-of-context shots of silent people gazing thoughtfully/recklessly/intrepidly/blankly/balefully at what is probably a small bug walking up the wall. Also, I have never heard such inarticulate human speech since The Planet of the Apes. I am sick unto death of hearing people end a sentence with "so...." instead of making the effort to put their thoughts into words. "So" is just as semantically null a term as "you know," and we must all work together to wipe it out.  7. Girls Gone Wild, and other similar flashing of the tits for the camera.  This is going to require its own separate long-winded essay.   A thing I have always wanted to say   “You mark my words!”  I’m just waiting for an appropriate time, but you better believe that someday I’ll say it. Yep, I sure will.  
    
    


    
       7:11 a.m. Thursday, Day 108. Feeling remarkably good this morning, considering my typical night. Somewhat less dream-filled, so maybe I slept deeper, or woke less often. Who knows. Bucko says I don’t snore much anymore (a benefit of weight loss!) so I can’t even blame that. He suggests setting up a camera at night, to see what the hell happens that disturbs my sleep so much. Perhaps trolls come out from under the bed and have loud parties, or perhaps Bucko just jabs me with pins every few minutes.   I got up early enough this morning to make breakfast for Bucko. I love doing that, it’s so homey and romantic. I made him Cream o’ Wheat (he likes it), slipping in a little extra fiber in the form of Benefiber powder, three scrambled eggs, and a pot of green tea. I’ve never made C o W before (or eaten it, for that matter), and I’m not sure it was entirely successful.  It seemed a bit thin. He said it was okay, but that he usually makes the next larger amount listed on the instructions (two cups rather than one cup) and it comes out thicker. So that’s how I’ll make it next time.  I have half a can of soup every day for breakfast. Except for vacation, I haven’t varied from that in 108 days.  Recently, I have settled on Progresso Southwestern-Style Chicken, and nothing else will do. I won’t eat any other soup, I love that stuff. It makes a bizarre sameness to my mornings: Day 1 of the soup, no matter how hard I try, I can never get exactly half the soup out of the can, and no matter how I stir it up, I can’t get half the rice. So Day 1 is always a smaller, thinner soup day, and I have to eat an apple at 10:00. Day 2 is always a larger, thicker day, and there’s no apple. And that’s how my life alternates, Day 1 / Day 2 / Day 1 / Day 2, on into infinity.  A largish day yesterday, calorie-wise (1900), which is 102 calories over my limit. It was a three-martini day, because of going out with Daisy, who wisely had two Bloody Marys, not three. However, she weighs HALF of what I do and can easily get drunk on two drinks, the cheap whore. We both ordered salads, and the way they are prepared in restaurants is not exactly low-cal, but I ended up eating mine largely without dressing because firstly, the waiter forgot to bring it and it took about 15 or 20 minutes to flag him down and get it, and secondly I didn’t like it once he brought it. Took most of the salad home, and ate it with my own lite oil and vinegar dressing. So I figure 1900 is not bad for an “away” day, and I’ll spend today compensating.    Here is a nice little  Progress Point:  I can wear some necklaces that I haven’t worn for years.  I have all sorts of awkward, kludged-together extensions on most of my necklai, so they can fit around my neck, and have recently discovered that I can, in many cases, remove them.  Yesterday I just couldn’t stand to glide or SensibleGym or bellydance, so I put on my brand new Best of KC and the Sunshine Band, and danced around the house to almost the whole thing (40 minutes worth).  According to the calorie calculator I use, that’s 423 calories!  Heck, that almost balances out the martinis. A small anecdote: One time, Bucko and I were in Charleston for the weekend, and after dinner we walked around in the  urlLink Battery district * where all the giant houses are. There was obviously a party going on in one of these mansions — catering trucks, parking valets, security, lights in the garden. We could hear “I’m Your Boogie Man” coming from somewhere inside, and stopped on the sidewalk to listen. After only a couple minutes we realized “Oh, that’s LIVE music, how neat,” and then only another couple beats before we realized “Yes, and that’s  the  KC and the Sunshine Band performing it.” How cool would that be? And if you could hire a major band from the 70s to play at your party, who would you want?  *I have no idea who the people are who took these pictures, I just Googled until I found some nice shots.  I did NOT fax in my application. Partly because I am scared and skittish, partly because it looks like I have some hours at my “real” job this week and next. Yeah, I’ve been burned by that before, but I think this might be real. And it’s easier to earn the money at The Orifice than at a temp job, to whit: I only have to work about 13 hours to make the same amount as 40 hours temping. As long as I can get two days a week, I’m better off. So here’s my middle-of-the-road, no-real-decision plan: today I will get everything filled out, printed out, ready to go. I will put it in a nice clean folder by the computer. As soon as the schedule at The Orifice begins to go awry, I’ll shove it in the fax machine and hit Send.  Has anyone noticed that when there’s just a few pickles left in the jar, floating around near the bottom in the brine, they look a lot like green turds floating in a greenish-water toilet? Yes, I know that was gross and childish, but it really struck me.  
    
    


    
       6:49 a.m. Wednesday, Day 107. Feeling good this morning. A typical night for me, too many dreams, woke up several times but not for any length of time. No actifed, no melatonin. Just a chocolate brownie right before bedtime.  My total yesterday isn’t bad (1564), but it sure would have been better without the brownie. I did a little shopping yesterday and bought stuff for dinner at Daisy’s: salad, asparagus, sweet potatoes, and a brownie each for dessert. But when I talked to her on the phone last night, she wants to go OUT tonight. Not cook at home. So there I was stuck with two brownies in the house. So I ate half of one. And it was so good, I ate the other half. Then I felt like an eating disordered freak on a giant binge, mindlessly putting food into my mouth until finally my stomach could handle no more (Mr. Creosote, anyone?). And THEN I realized I had only eaten one small brownie, that there was a second brownie in the fridge that I didn’t touch, and I was still under my goal calories, so no need for panic. But it was a fun little drama for a couple minutes.  See, this is what I hate about dieting. I mean, not the ONLY thing I hate about dieting. I hate obssessing about food, about every bite, counting up my calories and deciding if I’m “allowed” to have this. I hate having such a disturbed relationship with food.  Happily, it doesn’t feel like that all of the time. I’ve adjusted pretty well to the type and amount of food I’ve been eating, so I don’t always feel like I’m on a diet, I don’t always feel deprived. Just sometimes.  I have another little separate essay today, which is  urlLink here.  I don’t know any other place to put these things than in a fake-dated part of the blog, in case anyone is wondering how I come up with all this retroactive writing. Anyway, this is my response to Daisy’s question,  “If you could live an ideal, perfect day, what would it be?”   You can see mine is very diet-and-fitness oriented, because that's my mindset when I wrote it. The idea was, a perfect day  that’s currently within your grasp,  but I embellished mine a little bit, by transporting myself to a warm climate with a beach, and sort of fantasizing about my degree of financial success (no job!). But you know what? If I was super-wealthy, it would still be pretty much the same day. This is a fun exercise, because of course it makes you think, “What’s stopping me from doing this now?” and possibly you will start living closer to your ideal.   Several Times My Life Has Backfired   1. Never copy what your cool older brother does. Like all the kids in my family, my brother was a talented artist. In high school, he did a lot of detailed pencil drawings, mostly copies of album covers and pages from Sports Illustrated. The most famous piece he did was a copy of the Olivia Newton John album, where she is wearing a denim shirt opened at the throat. Everyone thought it was wonderful (except my parents, who never noticed anything we did), and he got a lot of attention for it at school, partly because of his drawing ability and partly because of the subject matter. She was quite the hot stuff, back then. So I, a girl in junior high, immediately decided to emulate my cool brother, and drew (drawed?) a big old picture of the Camel Man. Or possibly another brand of cigarettes, I don’t remember. But if you lived in the seventies, you’ll remember this guy. Dark hair, moustache, very handsome and manly of course, wearing a denim shirt opened at the throat. Well, the perfect corollary to what my god-like older brother did, I thought. Only I didn’t get the same reaction at school. I got a lot of snickers and weird comments from the adults that I didn’t quite understand, sort of implying that I was one to “keep an eye on,” and so forth.  I didn’t quite get that they were implying I was some sort of nymphomaniac, but I did get quite clearly the idea that I’d done something embarrassing. Again.  2. Still, never copy what your cool older brother does. My brother, three years older than me, was one of the most popular kids in school. I was one of the least popular. We were never in the same school at the same time, but his legacy was always there to greet me (or slap me upside the head, more commonly). When he was in high school (I’m talking about Boulder, Colorado in the early-mid 1970s) the cool thing to wear was: hiking boots, Levis boot-cut jeans, Tshirt or flannel shirt, denim jacket, and down vest. That’s what ALL the cool guys wore, and most of the cool girls, only instead of flannel they wore a turtle-neck sweater with a thin gold chain around their necks. So when I got to high school, I was determined that FOR ONCE in my life I would be cool, I wouldn’t be the awkward, weird geek. I insisted to my parents that I must have a down vest. They didn’t want to fulfill this request, because the vests are kinda expensive. Somehow my whining prevailed, and they bought me a poly-fiber filled vest from Sears. Instead of the down vest from North Face. It was HUGE, and completely non-pliable. It fit around me like a turtle shell. But I wore it. Oh yes, I was desperate.  Somehow, it didn’t achieve the desired popularity. In fact, I had an even worse time fitting in. Few of my friends (or even enemies) from junior high attended that high school, and I didn’t have a single class with any of them, anyway. I didn’t know ANYONE, and couldn’t seem to establish any sort of friendships or even acquaintanceships, even among the nerdy group I would normally belong to.  I drifted out to the smokers’ area, where the bad stoner kids hung out, and that’s where I stayed for the rest of high school, and you can indeed assume THAT had a big effect on my life. Eventually more than one person made a comment to me about the “down” vest — along the lines of, “I didn’t know if I should talk to you at first, because obviously you’re a Goat-Roper, not a Freak.” Which was how we classified kids from farms and ranches, or who dressed as though they were, and the stoners. And believe me, there was NO interaction allowed between those two groups. I realized, sometime during that first year of high school, that a significant part of my isolation and loneliness had been caused by that one garment. Sometime before I reached sophomore year, the down vest had migrated from “cool” clothing to “goat-roper” clothing, and I never realized it. I’d typecast myself into the wrong clique, and gotten a reputation as a poser, someone who jumped from nerd to cowboy to freak and back again, so I wasn’t liked by any of the groups. Irony, anyone?  Well, I’d meant that story to be funnier and less angst-filled, but apparently it still bothers me 27 years later. You know, one of the cruelest aspects of the absolutely rigid caste system in high school is that the unpopular kids are supposed to acknowledge, accept, and even participate in their own low status. You’re simply not allowed to step outside certain boundaries, and if you do, you’ll suffer for it. In retrospect, I wonder why I couldn’t observe that the vest was sartorially incorrect for myself. But I guess that’s the very quality that made me not a popular kid — I couldn’t figure out what to do to fit in. Because believe me, I wanted to. I wanted to be the biggest conformist on the planet, but I could never seem to get it right.  It was only after the vest incident that I gave up and became self-righteously and virulently an outsider and a bad kid. I think I decided that I was helpless to control any part of my life, in a world where such a tiny detail could have such ultimate, Kafka-esque result (please see the movie "Brazil" for perfect analogy to this story). And when you feel helpless, or scared, you become angry. Or at least, I do.  Has anyone seen “Romy and Michelle’s High School Reunion”? Remember the Janeane Garofalo character? THAT was ME.  10:45 a.m. Last week I got a coupon at the grocery store for a free package of Brown ’n Serve rolls.  I don’t eat white bread these days, but I thought since it’s free, I might as well get it and feed it to the squirrels. We have several squirrels in our backyard, and I feed them with leftover bread or crackers. These are the kind of rolls that are somewhat raw, you have to finish them in the oven. So I baked them, and the next day fed a couple to the squirrels. Bucko said “You realize you are baking for squirrels.”  That will be the name of a famous documentary film I will someday make. Baking for Squirrels.  
    
    


    
       6:41 a.m. Tuesday, Day 106. Something must be done about the dreams. I can't handle it anymore. How am I supposed to get any rest with these epic movies playing in my head all night? I feel okay this morning, just a little unrested, and slightly sore from SensibleGym yesterday.   It's going to be another cold, rainy day today, so I must try to keep up my spirits. First goal: finish and fax in my application to temp services. I don't know if I have any work at The Office; Warren never replied to my messages yesterday. That's typical of the way things have been going there, and why I've somehow let three months skip along before I suddenly realized I wasn't getting paid anything. Friday he emailed me and said something not-quite-clear, like "I'm going to have drawings for you I need Monday."  So I wrote back and asked "Do you have them ready for me now, or you will have them for me on Monday?" He wrote back a one-word reply: "Monday."  Okay. So Monday morning I emailed him and said "Let me know if/when you need me to come in and work on those drawings."  Never heard from him. No email reply, no voice message, and he's not answering his phone. From which I deduce he probably took a vacation day Monday. Which, you know, is fine, he's allowed to do that, but I had the expectation of WORK on Monday. Paying work. Now I don't know when this work occurs, if at all. I can't keep delaying finding other jobs because of promised work that never materializes. Yes, it's my responsibility to figure that out and do something about it, but I want a little sympathy, at least, for being strung along like this.  Anyway. Talked to Daisy very briefly yesterday, and we will try to have dinner after work on Wednesday. That will give me something to look forward to. I hope to do some more work on the candle holder today. I'm not entirely happy with the color of the base coat, possibly because I can't quite decide what color I want it to be, so it's a bit of a hodgepodge. My plan today is to decide whether to go more yellow-ochre or more burnt sienna, and then mix up a spit coat of the chosen hue (haven't decided whether glaze or polyurethane) and give it several light coats to solidify the color and add some depth. It's supposed to look like a painted piece, I'm not doing a faux wood grain, but I don't want a competely flat appearance, either.  I want it to look like it's had 190 years of beeswax polish.  Had a medium-day yesterday, calorie-wise. Up near the top of my limit, but not over. Mostly because we had Quiznoids subs for dinner. I was at the end of my rope with that application (more later), the weather was depressing as hell, and I was getting cranky, so I asked Bucko to pick up dinner on the way home. Usually that means a Wendy's salad for me, but I wanted something warm, so I got a sub AND a small clam chowder. So there is no denying I was comforting myself with food. Can't say I feel guilty; I think it's pretty normal to want a tasty hot meal after a day like that. And it was perfect — I set up TV trays in the drawing room in front of the fireplace, and it was indeed cozy and happy and a nice end to the day. To me, eating on a TV tray is the height of luxury, and in fact it's best if you have a TV dinner to go with it. But it's got to be an old-style meal, like Swanson Salisbury steak with potatoes and corn. When we were little kids, and our parents managed to get a sitter and go out for a movie or whatever, they'd put us in our jammies a little early, so the babysitter wouldn't have to deal with it, and instead of eating at the dining room table like usual, we'd have our supper on trays in front of the television (television also not part of normal meals), AND we were allowed to have soda instead of milk. It's a pretty exciting break from routine, when you're six. So the only thing missing from that wonderful picture last night is that I no longer own footie pajamas, and I drink neither soda nor milk.  So here's the thing that was frustrating me about filling out that application. It wasn't a bad one, even, as far as those things go. It really did ask for the minimum required information, but I was having a hard time coming up with that info.  I've worked at the same company for 11 years, and there is not a single person who was there when I started. The company has been sold twice, and while my job title was never taken away from me, it's never been exactly confirmed, either.  When we were bought by a larger company, we (this particular office) went from being the corporate headquarters of a small-to-medium sized IT firm to a remote, unimportant satellite office of a large IT firm. Which then, as with fishies, was swallowed by a yet larger IT firm, who apparently are not even aware we exist. Well, this part is a tangent and has nothing to do with filling out the application, except to say that it's sometimes difficult to describe exactly what I do in my company, and where I do it. The problem part of the process was filling out the information for my  previous  job. The one that ended 11 years ago. NONE of those people are still there. The company is now in another building. The phone number is different. The division I used to work for was combined with other divisions and renamed. So there is absolutely no reasonable point of reference I can give my prospective employers to check up anything about me. I figured the best I could do is give them the HR department of the corporate headquarters, in D.C.  So I went to the website of this very large, multinational IT company, and from there spent over an hour trying to find a phone number, ANY phone number, for this company. I progressed from attempting to find the number for corporate HR to looking in a local phone book to find the number for a branch of the company at which I never worked. And that's what I'm putting on my application, because fuck it.  I know, that doesn't sound like much of an annoyance to send me into a tizzy for the afternoon, but of course it's not JUST the phone number. It's the stress and fear and uncertainty of looking for a job, in a very depressed market, for the first time in 11 years. It's all my anxiety and confusion about even wanting another job, because I don't. I hate the industry I'm in, I don't like the work any more, and I cannot STAND the office environment. Like it almost makes me physically ill to walk into a corporate setting, whether it's my company or another. After 21 years of this, I already know what the new job will be like. I already know all the office personalities, all the cliques and factions, the evil managers, the weak managers, the nice receptionist and the mean receptionist, the arrogant but stupid VP, the arrogant and nasty VP, the constant reorganization and ensuing chaos, the copy machine that dies every other week, the email glitches, the network problems with the intranet, impossible-to-please clients, deadlines compressed to the density of black holes, hours of uncompensated overtime, working weekends, the afternoon headaches of missed lunches and dehydration, and above all the endless meetings where nothing is accomplished that couldn't have been done in a three-line email, and I watch the clock while the seconds and minutes and hours of my life tick by, tick tick tick.   Not that I'm bitter or anything.  So naturally I'm not looking forward to finding another job. My current one is bad enough. My hope for the temporary service is just to get a paycheck while I regroup and figure out what to do. Sadly, it's not going to be a BIG paycheck, and it's unlikely I will find temporary work within my field. But as Daisy has pointed out, a day spent filing papers and answering the phone is a day with much less stress than we're used to. Not that I am downplaying the problems and issues of clerical jobs, I'm saying that when you do it as a temp, nobody really expects much of you. You're a warm body, and if you can do the work itself adequately, that's all that's required.  8:19 a.m. My life goes round in circles... Here is an email this morning from Warren: "...There will be some slippage on the schedule, but we are continuing to push forward... for planning purposes, why don't you plan on going into heavy rotation next Monday. I will probably have some resumes and corporate references to you by mid week this week. By the way, we are looking seriously at another proposal... due on May 10. Do you think you could support us on that one if we go for it?"  So what the hell am I supposed to do? I mean, I'm going to submit my application to the temps, but what the hell do I do if they call and say "can you work tomorrow?" which is what happened to Daisy.  8:25 a.m. Just received an email about the CoM project, stating that it should be back online in a few days.   My brain hurts.   9:20 a.m. Did 30 minutes of glider sprints, I'm wiped out!  Now I'm reading some  urlLink Mimi Smartypants.   Yes, I know I'm the last person in the universe to discover that particular blog, but let me say she is HILARIOUS and her daughter is adorable. I mean, ADORABLE.  I will be going in to The Office (or as Bucko calls it, "The Orifice") early this afternoon to pick up those drawings. Hope to talk to Warren about this upcoming work, i.e., how concrete is any of it? Hope to avoid Crazy Hair and Overly-Talkative Receptionist. There are only five full-time people left in an office that once had over 200. They don't have enough work to do, they're bored and restless and lonely, and they POUNCE on anyone who comes in the front door. Fresh blood. I can understand and sympathize, but the thing is, I work part-time. I'm paid hourly. Hourly, people.  So I really don't want to stand here and chat with you for an hour, and you for half an hour, and YOU for 90 minutes, because I can't charge for any of that, and I've just spent three UNPAID hours in a place I hate. I try to fob them off as politely as possible, but I have become  very  firm about it, and not so concerned any more about whether it hurts anyone's feelings.  I've written so much today, I'm going to post now. Maybe that will shut me up.  
    
    


    
       6:57 a.m. Monday, Day 105. Slept like hell last night — woke up for an hour or so and couldn't get back to sleep, felt anxious, and as always too many dreams. Something about working on an irrigation project in an Arabic country, which was kind of interesting, and something else about my having to wait impatiently to climb down a telephone pole on Hillsborough Street because there was this college girl in line ahead of me who was going to do some sort of gymnastic feat on the telephone wire in order to get into Ripley's Believe it or Not, and the event was to be recorded on Etch-a-Sketches, which is partly why it was taking so long.  That's what I dreamed; I'm not making it up for an attempt at humor. Neither of these dreams was unpleasant, but both were so vivid as to be unrestful.  Otherwise, I guess I'm feeling okay. I managed to come in at oppw, incredibly. I'd forgotten I had several very low cal days earlier in the week. Yay. And yesterday was pretty low too. So here we are Monday morning all ready to start fresh. It's a rainy, cold morning, so I'm not exactly chipper, but not despairing, either.  9:58 a.m. Did 10 minures on the SensibleGym, and 10 minutes step. It's not enough, I will have to work in something else this afternoon. Right now I'm trying to determine if I have work today, and if so, whether I need to go into the office to do it. If not, this would probably be a good day to call the temp place, wouldn't it?  10:49 a.m. Okay, I'm filling out an application to University Temp Services. Let's keep our fingers crossed. I don't think I can get it sent today; I'm waiting for replies from a few people about whether I can use them as references. So hopefully tomorrow morning I can fax it in.  I forgot that I'm doing my measurements monthly instead of weekly, so I did them this morning, with the usual confusing results. Lost the two inches in the waist that I inexplicably gained last week, lost half an inch in other places, gained half an inch in others. What the...?  I've lost at least 30 pounds, I've gone from a 26 to a 22, and my measurements are essentially the same as the first day? Nope, something's not right here. Feh.  2:18 p.m. I had the last little bit of leftover turkey scraps for lunch, and also steamed three carrots. I ate them all, and I am FULL.  Those things are so filling. Fiber is my friend. Started painting the base coat on the candle holder. I'm only doing one, which might be crazy because they should probably be a pair, but I'm regarding the first one as a practice run, unless it comes out well, and then I'll have two. It doesn't look very good yet, but that's not unusual, there's still a long way to go. I'm not pushing it. Today is so gray and gloomy and quiet that I must be happy with small accomplishments. This is not a day for taking great strides, for bold actions or loud voices; it's a day for humbly accepting whatever tiny gifts are offered. It's a day for keeping my head down and quietly working, without drawing undue attention to myself.  4:50 p.m. It's also a day for throwing in the towel at the appropriate moment, getting dressed in my jammies, starting a fire in the fireplace, and drinking wine until Bucko comes home, when he will fill my head with unwanted but unavoidable details about edit systems, firewires, and so on. How cozy.  
    
    


    
       7:01 a.m. Sunday, Day 104. It's Easter!  I just realized.   Easter was an exciting holiday when I was a kid.  Not in the same league as Christmas, of course, and not quite as candy-abundant as Halloween, but still fun. It was always a little confusing to me, though. It's too complicated a holiday, and it seemed to have many unconnected aspects that never made a coherent picture in my mind of what it was all about. Like, Christmas was easy. Jesus is born, Santa gives you presents. Halloween, you wear costumes, people give you candy. But Easter...? Jesus was dead and then he was alive (and there's a whole BUNCH of steps leading up to that part), there's an Easter Bunny, and if you don't go to sleep he won't bring you candy and eggs. Eggs? You mean the eggs that we dyed ourselves yesterday? And also now we have to search for them in the yard? How exactly did they become lost in the first place? And then the chocolate candy shaped like the bunny, not like a chicken. Although there are those little yellow marshmallow peeps... also jelly beans. And the Easter hat contest at school, back in the days when, apparently, the school board believed it would be beneficial for ALL the children to be exposed to Christianity in the learning environment. This involved a paper plate as a base, with a ribbon threaded through a couple slits to tie around our chins. Then we decorated the top with various elements glued onto it — I don't remember what, but I imagine pipe cleaners and cotton balls made their usual school-craft appearance. I don't know what happened after that. I guess we wore them all day. I don't know if the boys made them too. And on Easter Day, the new dress for going to church, also possibly with new patent-leather Mary Janes. Always a pink, yellow, or minty green dress. The exact colors of those little pillow-shaped mints, in fact. I don't think the boys got new clothes, at least I don't remember it, but I have a strong recollection that Easter meant new fancy clothes for women. What was that all about? I have the weirdest memory fragment that it has something to do with a movie!   Now, of course, I can put together a lot of the pieces and see what most of it means. You have your basic concepts of rebirth and renewal, both in the religious sense and the good old pagan earth-worship sense. It's spring. But as a child, it was bizarre. I suppose Christmas customs are just as complicated, illogical, and contradictory, so I don't know why that never confused me. Possibly because my family didn't HAVE any Christmas rituals, but for some reason tried to participate in several at Easter.  SO anyway... yesterday was only fair, calorie-wise. There were martinis, you see. I am going to TRY to compensate today. Putting that pressure on usually immediately leads me to a small eating binge, but I think I can handle it today by bingeing on vegetables. I can eat plenty, in fact I can eat A LOT, and still meet my goal calories. That's my plan. Also, the cramps are all gone.  I don't know what that was about, but will mention it to my gyn, which by the way I am overdue for my annual exam. AND I didn't get my mammogram last year, so I need to do that soon also, and oh boy, one of these days I'm going to write about the experience of mammograms, and you young women who haven't had one yet NEVER WILL, and it will be my fault that you go through life risking breast cancer.  Now here's my complaint about the Netzer Big Book o' Calories: sometimes it just doesn't make sense.  I had an artichoke for morning snack. That is, I had a fresh, raw artichoke, medium size, and I steamed it. Then I pulled off its leaves and ate the tiny edible part at the base of the leaves. Then I scraped away all the choke part, and ate the delicious "heart" of the artichoke. So for my money, what I just did is eat "artichoke, steamed, one." So I go to the Netzer book under "artichoke," and here is what I find:  Artichoke, Fresh    (Dole) 1 large.............................. 23 calories    Boiled 10.6oz choke.....................60 calories    Hearts, boiled, drained, 1/2 cup....42 calories  Huh? What does that mean?  1 large artichoke, 23 calories, okay, that seems to make sense, if that's all you look at. Except the calories are kinda low. But then the next entry, "boiled, 10.6 oz, choke" means what? Does it mean you boiled the artichoke, which weighs 10.6 ounces, and you ate the choke? Does it mean you boiled something, and the choke weighs 10.6 oz? Which why would you care, because you don't eat the choke. And why are the calories apparently increased by boiling? The next entry, half a cup of artichoke hearts, would again be okay by itself, but is confusing when compared with the other entries. How many artichokes are needed to make 1/2 cup of hearts?  So I log on and go to nutritiondata.com, where I type in the search term "artichoke." Among other entries, I am given these to choose from:   Artichokes, (globe or french), cooked, boiled, drained, without salt   Artichokes, (globe or french), raw  Perfect. I pick the first one, and am given 60 calories. For comparison, I check the second (raw) entry, to see just what effect BOILING has on the calories. And I find the effect is: nothing. Same calories. So easy.    Listen up, Corrine: I appreciate that you went to a lot of work to compile that book of yours, but I have to tell you it's not very user-friendly. And what part of the artichoke is 23 calories?  6:36 p.m. An uneventful day. Went to look for swim fins for Bucko, didn't find any. Found a nice neighborhood with a house we could almost afford, though. I have been eating vegetables all day until dinner, when I had some turkey (not much, just pickings off the carcass) AND I managed 30 minutes of glider sprints. I don't usually exercise on Sunday, so that was good. I am only at 1343 calories for the day, hopefully can maintain that or something close, then I can come in under goal for the week. Had a Wendy's spinach salad for lunch, that's new. I don't have the exact numbers for that, so I estimated it as more than a Mandarin Chicken salad, but less than the Chicken Club salad, because it has less meat and egg. It was okay, but as always I couldn't eat the dressing. 120 calories, and the first ingredient was high fructose corn syrup. A shame, because spinach salad really needs sweet/sour dressing.   
    
    


    
       8:07 a.m. Saturday, Day 103. Feeling a bit slow today, most likely from the large delicious turkey dinner last night. I did a mutant Martha Stewart version, where you soak a cheesecloth in wine and butter.  I used beer because I didn't have any white wine, and I must say it worked very well.  I also used one stick of butter instead of the THREE her recipe calls for.  That makes for a hell of a gravy, but I do let it cool and skim off the fat, so a lot of that goes away for the final product. Or else one bite would be 30,000 calories.  Speaking of calories, of course my total yesterday was NOT good. That will be my "high" day for the week, which does seem to generally fall on Friday.  Took a melatonin last night, I'm not sure why I thought that was a good idea. Can't see that it helped any.  Also I have KILLER cramps, which started in the middle of the night, and actually woke me up from discomfort. That's very unusual for me.   10:11 a.m. These cramps are killing me. I don't even remember the last time I had such severe ones. I'm thinking maybe when I was about 14 years old. This is freaking me out a little. It's not like unbearable pain or anything, it's just that I don't normally get much in the way of cramps, so what is suddenly causing this? Turkey? I've taken aspirin and it's done nothing, so I will see what else we have around. I know I don't have Midol or anything like that, I never need to use it. This sucks!  I'm going to try to do the pinestraw today; maybe exercise will help.  12:30 p.m. Took a naproxen sodium, and that seems to have done the trick. Got all the pinestraw distributed; it went a LOT further than I thought it would. We figure we could still use three or four more bales, though, and one more bag of mcnuggets to really do it right. We can probably carry those in our cars, in two trips. I hope it will help to keep the dead leaves from being blown around. I can't keep the sidewalk or driveway clear of those things, and it's SPRING.  We have 12 years worth of dead leaves piled up all over, and it's gotten out of hand. Now we're off to a craft show where a pottery friend of mine is exhibiting, a show I COULD have been in, if I'd had my shit together. But you know. I'm not entirely crazy.  I'm trying to concentrate on the furniture, not little piddly boxes and switchplates and junk like that. People at a craft show want to spend $12. I can't paint ANYTHING that would let me make a profit at $12. People aren't there to spend $400 to $800, which is where my furniture is priced. However, they did get an exceptionally good turnout, so MAYBE next year, if I'm still trying to do this, and haven't given up and found another stupid job.  
    
    


    
       6:47 a.m. Friday, Day 102.  I guess I feel okay today. Took a quarter actifed last night, because I was so wired from my TWO cups of coffee (which are only half-caffeine, anyway). I woke up a couple times but went back to sleep. Many many dreams. Some morning when I feel ambitious, I will record one in full, and you people will see what I mean about how they’re overly detailed.  I think I could have slept longer, but I left the window open last night, and the little birdies woke me.  So yesterday was a stupendous 1230 calories, even including half a Quiznoids sub — which is about half my day’s calories all by itself.  It’s all the vegetables I ate, they have hardly any calories. And some of them are reasonably filling. Since I have to take the movies back today, I will pop in to the grocery store and get some more. Yep, just like that.  Last night I read aloud parts of the RFP to Bucko, just like families used to do in the olden days before television. He came up with a couple ideas to represent data warehouse, and I came up with one while sleeping.  I will have to remember that reading it aloud to another person is a useful technique. Of course, in the case of proposals, it’s fairly painful for them. Perhaps one could read aloud to the dog, entirely in the “good doggie, nice doggie” tone of voice.  Or corner the UPS man, while wearing a too-sheer nightgown, high-heeled slippers, and a cigarette in the corner of your mouth. You know, that’s a good basis for a movie and I’m going to stop writing about it now so nobody steals my screenplay.  1:32 p.m. Having an okay day so far. Not as productive as yesterday, but I'm getting some things accomplished. I'm in a reasonable mood, not bubbly but not depressed. Bought a turkey at the grocery store today. They were on sale, I suppose for Easter...? Whatever, it was 89 cents a pound, so I felt obligated. I'm going to cook it this afternoon, because I'll be home, so why not. Also, then I can do it without Bucko hovering over me, second-guessing everything I do. There's such a mystique about cooking turkey — I guess a lot of people have had bad experiences. I'm more casual about it. It's just a large chicken, in my mind. We can have snow peas, sweet potatoes, and asparagus with it. I think I can keep my calories reasonable that way. I don't feel the need for stuffing, bread, gravy, or any of that stuff.  1:44 p.m. Just got an email that the proposal has been extended to May 4. Okay, people, I can't stand this bullshit. I need a paycheck NOW, dammit. Reckon I need to go to the temp agency. Also, this has knocked my mood down a few notches. I'm now at "surly."  Will try to recover.  
    
    


    
       Speaking of stealing, I stole the following from  urlLink someone,  who stole it from  urlLink someone else  (however, I’ve shortened it a bit; my blog is big enough already):    Grab the book nearest to you, turn to page 18, find line 4. Write down what it says.  "[Mau]passant allows his characters’ words and actions to express..."  Sorry, it was sitting right next to the computer.   Stretch your left arm out as far as you can. What do you touch first?  An 8-inch JVC video monitor   What is the last thing you watched on TV?  The new South Park, where the boys get “served.”   With the exception of the computer, what can you hear?  The television in the other room. Cars pulling out of their driveways. Some airplanes.   When did you last step outside?  Yesterday, to feed the squirrels.   Before you came to this website, what did you look at?   urlLink Donut    What are you wearing?  Pink sleep shirt with green leaves and pink and yellow bugs.   Did you dream last night?  Oh, you better believe it.   When did you last laugh?  Last night when Wayne Brady played "a stage hypnotist who hypnotizes people with his butt."   What is on the walls of the room you are in?  A set of the Tabasco different-art-styles  urlLink posters.    If you became a multi-millionaire overnight, what would you buy first?  About 300 music CDs. Then a sushi dinner.   Tell me something about you that I don't know.  I have a toe hair that’s more than an inch long.   If you could change one thing about the world, regardless of guilt or politics, what would you do?  Heh. Raise the average IQ by 50 points or so.   Would you ever consider living abroad?  Absolutely   This was so fun, maybe I'll be inspired to make up my own list of questions! 
    
    


    
       7:14 a.m. Thursday, Day 101.  Sort of like Dalmations. Disney’s 101 Dieting Days, the fun-filled escapades of a motley crew of heart-warming characters: see our heroine, Princess Fleeting Optimism, vie for dominance with her evil conjoined-twin sisters, the Bitter Bitch and Self-Pity Mouse, along with her sidekicks, Resent ‘n Remorse, as they journey on the Road to Health and Self Acceptance, from Misery Wallow to Perfection Palace, with sidetrips into Fantasyland... Okay, now I’m sounding more like Lord of the Rings than Disney, and that’s enough of that either way.  I feel AWFUL today.  I woke up at 4:00 a.m., my head filled with anxieties and squirrelly thoughts, and I couldn’t get back to sleep until 6:00 or thereabouts. Another hour of dream-filled sleep, and now I feel groggy and hungover and like I’ve been sick in bed for a week.  I feel on the verge of a nasty depression. I hope I’m not going to have to self-care myself all day, sitting around in my jammies, wandering from television to computer and back again. I didn’t take any “sleep aids” last night, either Actifed or melatonin, which probably had something to do with it. I better explain the Actifed, before you all think I’m a junky.  It’s an OTC allergy/hayfever medicine.  I take it 2 or 3 times a week, usually a quarter or a half a pill. Sometimes I take it zero times, sometimes four times, it depends. It does several things for me: it makes me sleepy; it prevents me from snoring nearly so much; it counteracts things I’m actually allergic to, such as cats; it counteracts things I’m not allergic to but are bothersome, such as a lot of cigarette smoke, the current tree pollen, or some foods; and it’s a better hangover prevention than aspirin. So I take an actifed when I’ve been out to a party or out to dinner, because it will be useful for one or more conditions I’m likely to encounter in that situation.  Melatonin is a hormone that occurs naturally in your body and helps to regulate your sleep cycle. People tend to produce less of it as they grow older. You can buy synthetic melatonin pretty much wherever they sell vitamins and other supplements, and use it to combat sleep problems such as jet lag or insomnia.  So it seems on the surface that melatonin is the thing for me. It’s not a “drug,” and it’s specifically for sleep problems. Howevah: the problem with melatonin is that it isn’t regulated by the FDA.  Because it’s considered a supplement and not a drug, it isn’t subjected to the testing and control of something like Actifed. So even though the Actifed (pseudoephedrine) is officially a drug, and was developed from a prescription-only product, its effects and risks are more thoroughly documented than the melatonin. I know what I’m getting, in other words. I can read the package insert and decide if my use of it is safe.  I can’t do that with the melatonin. And if anyone wants to point out that my poor sleep might in fact be caused by MENTAL problems rather than physical? Get in line.  In other news, yesterday was kick ass, calorie-wise. 1169. Unbelievable, yes? But true. This was accomplished by eating mostly vegetables for every meal, and having no wine. Also 8 glasses of water.  9:31 a.m. So here’s my plan for the day. I won’t self-care myself, or allow myself off the hook for the day, but I will be somewhat indulgent, and I will mix up my normal routine to encourage creativity and loose bowels. I will have a SECOND cup of coffee — unheard of — while I look over that painted furniture book and find inspiration for the two violin-shaped candle holders I’ve had sitting around since last summer (1). I’ve already put on my favorite pink t-shirt, which still smells like Tahiti. (That’s the joy of an unscented laundry detergent; it’s been through the wash two or three times since we got back, and it still smells like suntan lotion, salt water, and fresh air. It’s making me happy.)  I will wash the sheets (2). I will review my resume (3). I will start painting the candleholders (4). I will clean the kitchen floor (5). I will watch a movie (6). I’ll get some kind of exercise (7). I will work on the proposal cover this afternoon (8). Then I will have a lovely bath, and read books for the rest of the day (9). Those are my assignments.  How to Mop a Floor:  This is something I learned only a few years ago. I could never figure out how to work those standard sponge-mops-with-scrubby-part. It seemed like all I did was push dirty water around, and then give up. Then I saw an Oprah show where the guest was a guy who owned a large professional cleaning service.  He showed how one mops a floor professionally, and from that I could finally deduce how to work that darned sponge mop (hint: it performs multiple functions).  Professional version: Fill a bucket with your soap and water mixture. Spill some of it onto the floor. Use a scrubby-only mop to scrub the floor with the soap. Then use a long-handled squeegee to scrape the dirty water into a pool. Use a dustpan to scoop the water up and deposit it into a second (slops) bucket. Dry the floor with long-handled towel pads or clean cloths.  Sounds crazy, doesn’t it? But it worked great, and they did it FAST. Now here’s the standard mop version:  Fill a bucket with your soap and water mixture. Put the clean, dry mop into the bucket, and let it soak up some water. Put the wet mop over the floor, and use the squeezing lever to spill out some water. Then use the scrubby side to scrub the floor with the water.  Dry out the mop by squeezing it over your second bucket. Then use the scrubby side to push the water into a puddle on the floor, and turn the mop over to the dry sponge side to soak up the dirty water. Squeeze it into the second bucket. Repeat as necessary. Air dry.  1:16 p.m. I’ve accomplished items 1, 2, 3, 5, and 7. For bonus points, I’ve also taken the trash out, washed a load of regular laundry, and entered my debits in the checkbook register.  I located a bunch of URLs for publications I’ve worked on, to include in my resume. Item 4, start painting the candleholders, might be a little too ambitious. My brain is now FULL of ideas for the design, and I will need a little time for them to swirl around and sort themselves out. However, I will WORK on the candleholders, even if it only means cleaning and sanding.  I feel SO good to have accomplished something today, and on several fronts: work, home, creativity, self, and self-indulgence.  4:25 p.m. Okay, I’m nixing item 6 (watch movie) and 8 (proposal cover).  #6 was kind of optional, anyway, in case you couldn’t tell. And 8... well, I’m so damn sick of that cover.  I’m going to wait until the better half comes home, and pick his brain. I need a fresh mind here.  I’ve cleaned and sanded the candle holders, so I will cross off item 4. So now I’m off to accomplish #9, have bath and read book. Here’s the book I’m going to read:  urlLink The Moon Spinners,  by Mary Stewart. Yes, really. No, it is so a good book. A little dated, no doubt, but very fun. And don’t even THINK about watching the movie version with the abominable Haley Mills. The book is about grownups, not little girls.  
    
    


    
       7:34 a.m. Wednesday, Day 100 !  Whoo-hoo! It seemed like a landmark of some kind, until I remembered that I’m not trying to accomplish a number of days dieting, I’m trying to accomplish weight loss. But what the hell, 100 days! Yay me!  Had a wonderful time at Daisy’s last night. Talked for four hours straight. Had a great meal (sushi appetizer, grilled chicken on lettuce salad, steamed carrots, black bean salad, pecan brownie for dessert) and a lot of wine. My day’s total is 1895, which is 93 calories over my upper-end goal. So, not a victory, but on “dinner out” days I figure I’ve done well if I reach a draw.  Speaking of reaching a draw, of course I weighed myself while I was there, and I weigh exactly the same as I did 12 days ago.  That’s what I’ve suspected, that I haven’t lost anything in quite a while. It’s not surprising, what with the vacation (much food, little exercise) and then I’ve had a lot of “over plan” days since.  I won’t quite call it “off” plan, because when I’ve stuck to my regimen for 23.75 hours of the day, I want some credit for that. This is one thing I hate about dieting — you can follow your diet all day long, or all week long, and then blow it right the hell up with one meal.  A few minutes can cancel out the rest of the day.  At least with exercise, when you do it, it’s done. Nothing can take that away from you, you can’t negate it or reverse it.  I stop short of actually giving myself permission to go “over plan,” but I will still pat myself on the back for what I did manage. Like, I’ll think to myself, “If that was a year ago, I would have had that brownie for dessert AND have already eaten 2200 calories earlier.”  At least now I’m putting that brownie on top of 1500 calories.  I’m reading  urlLink Food Politics  by Marion Nestle.  I’ve only just started, but it’s fascinating. I’m shocked, but not surprised, at the amount of fast food and junk food Americans eat.  I think one reason I’ve been so healthy despite my weight is that we’ve never eaten like that.  Not to any great degree; for the past ten years or so (before this diet) our pattern was: I’d eat a fast-food meal maybe twice a month. We’d get a higher-quality fast food (real pizza, Subway, Chinese food) about once a week. A bag of tortilla chips or pretzels once a week. Go out for Goodberry’s once a month.  That was the extent of our junk eating.  No Ring-Dings, Fritos, Krispy Kreme, or Doritos. Mostly we cooked real meals at home. Chicken and two vegetables, that kind of thing. Bucko has eaten a can of soup and a tuna fish sandwich for breakfast for about the past 20 years.  But our food bill is much higher than the statistics in that book indicate. She says food costs only about 10% of the average American’s income.  I keep track of our expenses, and I know it’s 20% of ours. Our net income, anyway.  You’d think eating at home would be much much cheaper than eating at fast-food, but apparently not.  I suppose that’s part of the success of those businesses. However, since I’ve been dieting, our overall food bill has gone down somewhat.  The decrease is mostly because of fewer restaurant meals — we used to eat at a regular restaurant about once a week, now we do it once a month. My grocery store bill has actually increased. Although I’m eating less food, I’m buying better food, and that’s costly. However, none of it gets wasted anymore. I’d estimate that about 15% of the fresh food we bought used to end up in the trash, because of spoilage. Now I can’t even remember the last time I threw something away.  Now I have the time to cook, and manage our food in general, so all these factors together add up to almost $200 less a month.  That really makes you wonder how much having a job COSTS you, doesn’t it?  You have less time, so you end up eating more restaurant meals and throwing away more food. If you made $15 an hour, that $200 difference would cost you 17 hours of labor (I’m assuming about 20% taxes and other deductions from your paycheck). So you have to work just over two days before you make up for what the job is costing you in food.  And what about other expenses...?  On a related note, if you want to read an interesting article about food and women, try Gloria Steinem's essay found  urlLink here.   SO anyway...  it’s 9:22 already and I’ve been surfing and dicking around for almost two hours. I need to go exercise. I’m planning on “glider sprints,” which is the term I just made up for going fast then going slow then going fast again on the glider. And I’m going to watch the first Lord of the Rings while do it. Nope, haven’t seen that movie yet.  And you know what? Please don’t threaten to burn me for heresy, but I never liked those books, I think they’re dull as ditchwater. Hoping the movie is better.  10:28 a.m. The glider sprints worked out great. I did 3 minutes regular speed, 2 minutes fast, and repeated that for 30 minutes. According to the glider's built-in calculator, I burned 241 calories, which is about what I usually burn in 30 minutes. That doesn't seem right, so I'm going to assume that the calculator is only good for a ballpark idea of the calories burned. Which is true, because it doesn't take into account body weight or muscle density or any of that stuff, and apparently it's basing its calculation more on elapsed time than repetitions.  Watched the first 30 minutes of TFotR, and I'm not impressed. It's more dull than the book.  I wonder if it would have worked better if the first movie was The Hobbit?  I didn't like all the back story part, that's not a grand opening to what should be an adventurous, epic movie.  And I just had this weird feeling of watching a "making of" special.  Not sure how to describe that, but to me none of the characters seemed real, they were all flat representations, almost symbols, of the people in the book. It didn't seem like anyone was trying to be believable and bring life and interpretation to the role, they were just trying to be the most obviously-recognizable version of what they thought most people imagined the character to be. Whew. Could anyone follow that chain of thought?  I'll probably try watching more later or tomorrow, maybe it will get better.  1:38 p.m. Tuna fish and lettuce salad for lunch, very nice. Doing very well with my eating and water drinking today. I got the trim in the staircase painted. Now for some more research on data warehousing; Warren didn’t like any of my covers Monday and wants me to try again.  I almost felt upset for about half a second, and then immediately thought 1) I don’t care if he likes them and 2) fine, more billable hours.  2:25 p.m. Researching data warehousing in the web and I’m cross-eyed from it. This is unbelievably tedious, and I’m not coming up with any ideas for the cover. I can hardly keep my eyes open, and I think I will need a nap this afternoon. Otherwise, how will I stay awake for the new South Park?  5:26 p.m. Watched another hour of TFofR, and I doubt I’ll finish it. I thought it started to get better for a while, but then it reverted to dullness.  And all that CG. You know, I hate CG.  It is simply not good enough.  I don’t care how “real” it looks, that’s almost beside the point.  It’s not done “well.”  I’ve never seen any CG that’s half as captivating as the average Disney feature cartoon from the 1940s.  I don’t suppose you could make a movie (three movies) of the Lord of the Rings without CG, but as usual, they’ve let it overpower the story.  It’s as if the CG is a character, the LEAD character.  There are some scenes where the actors are allowed to exercise their craft, but only too rarely.  It makes for a very sterile film.   
    
    


    
       6:45 a.m. Tuesday, Day 99. Feeling good today. I woke up a little early, 5:30ish, but I think I had enough sleep. Took a melatonin last night, because I was all wired up from dancing around to my new Best of KC and the Sunshine Band CD.  Now, that’s a good workout. I did it a little late in the day, though, like around 9:30 p.m., which is not the optimal time to exercise. Anyway, I had a good day yesterday, food and exercise-wise. 1463 calories, six glasses of water, and lots of activity: SensibleGym, stepping, gliding, and disco dancing around like an idiot. I’m glad to be back on track and remotivated; I don’t think I’ve lost any weight in a while.  It might be the vacation catching up with me, plus I’ve had some high-calorie days lately.  Or I’ve reached one of those plateaux. We’ll see. As always, this is happening so slowly that it takes me a month before I can see any change.  As impatient as I am with the speed, I know that ultimately it’s better to lose weight slowly. If nothing else, my skin has a better chance of adjusting. I imagine I should try changing and increasing my workouts now, that seems to have the best chance of breaking through a plateau.  Now I want to get on my soapbox and seriously rail against a non-fat-related issue, so be warned if you don’t want to read something like that. It’s  here.  And I don't know what suddenly caused me to write this, although it's been on my mind for a long time.  12:40 p.m. A pretty good day so far. I’ve drank 4 glasses of water (and recorded it), exercised, cleaned out some of the stuff in the attic, threw away a bunch of deceased Christmas decorations, written a scathing indictment of poor driving, shovelled out three bags full of pine bark mcnuggets into the garden, and realized that the proposal is due at the end of NEXT week, not this week. So the big hours I was expecting aren’t going to happen for a little while yet. Damn. Still planning on going to Daisy’s house for dinner. Yay, I can’t wait. How ever will I fill up the afternoon until it’s time to go?  I had another “overcoming obstacles” dream last night. This one involved my mother trying to persuade me to do something or other I didn’t want to, and when I stuck to my guns, she turned into some sort of monster with tentacles and became VERY bitchy about the whole issue. In my dream, I told her to fuck off, and LEFT. Very happy ending, and if you know my mother, very likely a true story.  
    
    


    
       7:11 a.m. Monday, Day 98. Figured out all my charts from last week, and it’s not good. On paper, I’ve lost 0 pounds. On the bright side, haven’t gained any, either. My highest priority today is go to the grocery store and get some decent food in the house — yesterday I ate a bunch of crap because that’s what we had around. Those stale tortilla chips from way back when? Had three handfuls. So this morning I am again oversalted and my eyes are beady little red things surrounded by swollen and dark skin. Oh yeah, baby. This time I can only blame myself.  Other than that, I feel fine.  The proposal work should start this week, and I plan/hope to spend some time on cover ideas today and tomorrow. I think I might get about 30 hours this week; at least that’s what I’m hoping for. That’s giving me a more positive attitude than I’ve had recently!  Another goal for this week is to track my water better.  I haven’t been drinking enough, I never do, but I’ve also slacked off about tracking it. I’ll have 3-4 glasses in the morning, but then once I get going for the day I forget to tally it up. I doubt I’m having more than another 2 glasses, though, so I’m still falling short.  My Monday Measurements are confusing and disappointing as usual. I show a 1 to 2 inch gain in all measurements except my neck, which shows a half inch loss. None of those are likely to have occurred in the space of one week, and I’m thinking of canning the entire idea. No, I have a better plan — I’m going to do the measurements once a month, instead of once a week. Maybe over the long run they’ll make sense. So: next measurements will be May 5.  9:35 a.m. I just did 15 minutes of SensibleGym and 10 minutes of step. That step is killer; I don’t know how I used to do 30 and 40 minutes of it. I got a much higher heart rate than gliding, it’s a harder workout. That’s a reminder that it’s good to mix up the exercise more than I’ve been doing. Going up stairs is still really hard for me, and it would make sense to start doing it more often, keeping a careful eye on the knees. Presumably as I become lighter it will be less stressful on the joints. Now I’m on my way to the supermarket. I’m going to the Harris Teeter, which is 4 miles away, instead of my favorite Lowes, which is 12 miles away. See, that’s why we need to move closer into town. I’m no longer willing to spend so much of my life traveling — it leaves less time available for doing other things. 20 minutes to the supermarket is just not do-able anymore. Heck, 4 miles isn’t even that great!  12:31 p.m. Back from the store. That place is too expensive, I won’t be going there often. But I got a bunch of vegetables, fruit, chicken, and tuna, so I can eat better this week. I gave in to the temptation of 10 chocolate covered almonds. Very exciting. Now I’ve been working on the proposal — emailing, gathering up logos, looking for cover ideas, reading up (just a little) on the concept of data warehousing. Geez, I feel so professional again.  3:33 p.m. Got three cover versions done. I can charge 8 hours for that, right? I am so excited because Daisy and I are planning to have dinner together tomorrow. I’m going to just bring it to her house right after work so we have the maximum amount of time to drink and complain. Aaaahhh. I can’t wait.  3:52 p.m. Wow. I just discovered that  urlLink SOMEONE ELSE  has a link to my blog. Huh.  I never really thought about other people reading this. I mean, I understood that the possibility exists, but I never thought it would apply to me, I guess.  If anyone is actually reading this, well, I'm stunned and flattered and appreciate your interest.   I've always written as though a pretend someone else is reading, sort of like a letter-to-a-friend format. Now I'm gritting my teeth at every word I type and thinking about OTHER PEOPLE reading it. What will they think? Had I better clean up my language? My grammar? My attitude? Should I start trying to write something sensible and useful?   Naah. I'll write just like I've always written, which is pretty much whatever natter goes on inside my head at the time. I'd LOVE to be witty and brilliant and sensitive and above all useful to a reader, and I promise you all ("all," ha ha) that I won't try NOT to be those things. Okay? And in the meantime, if you want that stuff, go to  urlLink Pound .  
    
    


    
       8:26 a.m. Sunday, Day 97. Daylight Savings Time, hence the lateness of my first entry of the day. Feeling okay, a bit groggy. MASSIVE dreams last night, something about a haunted hotel, a bit like “The Shining,” but in an unusual twist for me, I was going around picking up energy and magical tools, and talking to some of the spirits, RPG-fashion, to combat the evil, and it looked like I was going to come out on top. I choose to regard that as an omen that I will/can overcome obstacles in my life if I pick up the tools and consult the right people. Also I killed a Jaws-like shark with a harpoon. Cool!  So yesterday’s calories are not great (1975), mostly due to beer, but at least I got quite a lot of exercise toting boxes up and down the stairs. My knees seem to be fine this morning. I’m not sure what we’ve got planned for the day. I might very well try to get in some gliding to combat all the eating I’ve been doing.  My offline journal is now 248 pages in a Word document. I’ve never kept a diary for so long. I used to attempt it once in a while when I was younger, but we didn’t have computers in the olden days, and it was too much work to handwrite it. I wish I had been able to do it, I would love to see what I wrote and thought when I was 16, 21, 31, etc. We sorted through a bunch of old slides yesterday, and found some that were taken just after we were married. Back then I had NO IDEA I looked that good. I thought I was really really really fat and frumpy and unattractive. Nope — I was really hot. And not terribly fat. Just slightly zaftig, but that’s all.   Sigh.  I wonder what it’s like to be a girl these days. I don’t know any teenagers very well, so all I can go on is what I see on afterschool specials and the MTV. On the one hand, there seems to be an insane pressure to be beautiful and sexy. The thin models have become WAY too thin, and that’s scary. On the other hand, there seems to be a greater diversity of beauty models available. More colors, more shapes and sizes, different ethnicities. In my day, there was pressure to be beautiful and sexy, though perhaps not quite as much as now, the thin models were still horribly thin, but there was only a very narrow range of acceptable beauty. Whatever, I’m saying I think there’s been a tradeoff.    11:46 a.m. Managed 60 minutes on the glider, yay for me.  Finished watching Sling Blade. Holy cow, what a movie.  That’s the saddest happy ending I’ve ever seen, or maybe the happiest sad ending. Anyway, fantastic, and I can see why that movie made Thornton famous — writer, director, actor, he’s brilliant in all aspects. And a good performance by John Ritter and the boy. Heck, everyone was good, even the evil guy.  1:27 p.m. I’m watching a program on transgenderism, and seeing a lot of parallels with being fat. They have the idea that their bodies don’t suit their SELVES; there’s a disconnect. The transgendered people are saying things like “I always felt I was in the wrong body.” And they believe that when they have the sex reassignment surgery, they will then be in the “right” body.  I’ve always had such strong doubts about whether that surgery solves anything. Now, if any transgendered people are reading this, I don’t disapprove and I don’t disbelieve you. It’s that I don’t understand it myself; I’ve never had any experience that led me to feel I was the wrong sex, so I just can’t feel what you’re feeling. My imagination and empathy don’t go that far. Where I do see a parallel is in believing that when your body is a certain way, then you’ll feel “right.” Because that’s sort of how I feel about being fat. One part of me radically rejects the idea that there’s anything about my body that I should change, that rejects the idea that there’s something “wrong” with me, and resents the holy hell out of the societal pressure to conform. But I can’t deny that my weight has had a massive effect on my life — more so than any other single aspect.  I bought into the idea that you can’t have a real life if you’re fat.  I was always waiting to lose weight before I would try to achieve anything, and of course that never happened. So I’ve spent a lot of my life on the sidelines. And I always believed that IF I lost weight, everything would change.  I don’t believe in that type of fairy tale anymore, but I have to admit I’m still hoping for and expecting change.  I think there will be change, but not in the way I thought when I was young, and it’s not going to all be positive. I know some of it will be annoying or confusing.  I’ve always seen being fat as a type of prison, a limitation on my life. When that limitation is removed, then what will I do? Who will I be? The confusing part is that I’m only now realizing how self-imposed that prison is. Not that I think being fat is self-imposed, but allowing one’s self to be restricted because of it. Being fat hasn’t made me less capable, less intelligent, less educated, or less talented, but I’ve acted as though it has. I’ve been afraid to strive for anything where there was the slightest hint of competition, because I’ve always assumed I would lose. Like there was no point in trying, because it was a foregone conclusion. Why go through the effort when you know the game is rigged?  That’s the way I always looked at it — whether it was trying out for a junior high school play or applying for a job last year.  It’s regretable, because it’s a weakness in me, or a vulnerable spot that makes me feel weak, when in reality I’m a very strong person.  Looking at those old slides has been unsettling to me. Seeing myself at 22, 23 years old, and realizing the incredible disconnect between what I thought I looked like and what I really looked like — my god. We didn’t have the phrase “body dysmorphia” back then, and we sure needed it. This isn’t all about vanity (although I will not argue that it’s partly involved), it’s about feeling wrong or lesser or bad because you don’t look the way you think you’re supposed to. Feeling invalid. So all that time I was limiting myself, counting myself out of the game, FOR NO REASON.  Okay, there IS a reason, it’s just not what I thought it was then. It wasn’t entirely the way I looked. Sure, that’s a part of it. I mean, I WAS fat. Fattish. It’s not something I just invented in my own head — I weighed more than my friends, my measurements were larger, I couldn’t wear the same kind of clothes, and people did sometimes indicate to me that I was “overweight,” and not generally in a kind way. And I will not underestimate the difference in the way fat and normal weight people are treated in society, but that’s a rant for another day. My point today is, how come this one aspect of me gained so much ascendancy that it completely ruled my life?  There are other areas in which I was less than perfect — I was terrible in math, I have the worst singing voice ever, and my hearing isn’t very good. All those things were important when I was 13 years old, but none of them controlled my life. How come I wasn’t able to view being slightly fat as an undesirable but not fatal part of my entire self?   Is it possible that, when you’re raised to be self-critical and ashamed and with no self-esteem whatsoever, that you will just pick out any old negative attribute, and use it as the focus of your failure?  Is it possible that even though my fat wasn’t in my head, the way it controlled my life was?  Those are all rhetorical questions, by the way. I guess it’s pretty obvious the answer is Yes to both.  I suppose this isn’t a new idea to anyone, but the whole realization is new to me, and I’m having to talk it out to myself at length to grasp it. So going back to the transsexual issue, is it possible that one’s physical sex doesn’t have anything to do with one’s satisfaction in life and sense of belonging? Is this a physical, permanent solution to what is actually an emotional and social issue? And is my losing weight going to be worth a shit unless I also address the emotional aspect?   
    
    


    
       9:20 a.m. Saturday, Day 96. Oy! It was hard getting up this morning!  Salt. Yes, once again salt has disrupted my sleep, puffed up my face, and given me huge dark circles under my eyes. In case the chefs of the world are reading this right now, I would like to send a message to each and every one of them: STOP OVERSALTING THE DAMN FOOD IN YOUR DAMNED RESTAURANT.  Seriously, I need to just send the whole dish back to the kitchen as soon as I taste that bitter, metallic flavor. I mean, I asked for no salt, right? Did they somehow interpret that as “Please add EXTRA salt to my food, because you know my doctor said it would be good for me to raise my sodium intake significantly”?  I’m a little bummed about it, because I love that restaurant, but it’s getting to where it’s too risky to eat there. Can’t tell whether I’m going to be poisoned or not.  So other than that, it was a delicious meal and I had the most fabulous tangerine sorbet for dessert. Those people do know how to put together a sorbet. My calories? High. Very high. Very very high. To wit: 2448.  And here I would like to recommend http://www.nutritiondata.com. This site has nutrition data on the most extensive list of foods you’ve ever seen. It’s great for figuring out your stats on a restaurant meal. Type in “mashed potatoes” and you’ll get about eight or ten different variations to choose from (with butter, with milk, with 2% milk, etc.) and three or four portion sizes to choose from (2 tbs, 1 cup, 100 grams).  2:22 p.m. Cleaned out 7 boxes of video, super 8, three-quarter, film, and slides. Managed to throw away and consolidate down to 4 boxes. That’s pretty good!  I’m going to take some of the movies to Daisy, she can watch them and throw them away if she wants. And what a lot of DUST.  We’re also in the middle of tree pollen season here, and I have a headache and sore throat from it. That’ll teach me to dust once a year. Moved some of the boxes out to the garage. Now Bucko is probably going to fertilize the front lawn, and I’m not sure what I’m going to do.  
    
    


    
       6:05 a.m. Friday, Day 95. Feeling pretty good today. Hopefully that will LAST and I won’t be a psychotic mess in a couple hours. I slept reasonably well, although as always I had too many vivid dreams and I tossed and turned a lot because my back hurt. Those two items can just be assumed to have occurred for any night.  I started having this issue with dreams when I quit smoking, which was something like seven years ago, I don’t remember exactly. I was using the Nicorette patch, and I wore it 24 hours a day. Now they have a version that you don’t wear at night. Presumably because of the slow influx of nicotine into my brain while I slept, I had the most incredible dreams every night. Huge, epic, brilliant, movie-like dreams. I still remember some of them, seven years later, and could write a screenplay based on them. Fortunately I wasn’t prone to nightmares during that period or I probably would have gone insane.  After I stopped using the patch, the dreams didn’t abate. Not for months. And the phenomenon has never disappeared entirely. I still have much more realistic and complicated dreams than I did before, though perhaps not quite as intense. Sometimes they wear me out because of the level of detail. People are supposed to have fewer and less intense dreams as they grow older, so I’m still waiting for that stage.  Came in at a high but not unreasonable number of calories yesterday (1696) considering how much I ate. Salmon was on sale this week, and last night I ate TWO large pieces. This is why I think I need to recommit to this diet, I’ve been doing some “automatic” eating like that. Just went back to the kitchen and took another piece and ate it before I even thought “maybe one piece is enough.”  If you’re going to eat past your goal, salmon is a good thing to do it on, but it reminded me that I haven’t been mindful of what I’m doing recently. Moments like these remind me why it’s taking so long to lose weight. Also why it’s good to track everything I eat. I can look at my charts and see that my calories per week have crept up a little, but not outrageously; it’s just that my “high” days are going a little higher than they used to. So I can exercise more; have lower “low” days; or cut back on the high days. The chart is so useful because how much I FEEL like I’ve eaten doesn’t have much to do with how much I’ve REALLY eaten.  10:16 a.m. 60 minutes of gliding and watched the first part of Sling Blade. Yep, it’s good.  4:31 p.m. Managed to paint the trim in the foyer today. It’s taking me about two hours per room, much slower than I’d hoped. I had a really horrifying thought today — here we are getting ready to sell the house, and I’ve worked 34 hours in the last three months. There’s no way we’ll qualify for a loan. I need to get off my butt and get some income for the next three months. I suppose I could go Daisy’s route and get a temp job... at least, I could TRY to get a temp job. She said she went to four or five different places before they would even talk to her!  Today is going to be a BIG calorie day. I’ve done okay so far, but tonight we’re going to Portobello’s for Bucko’s birthday. I’ll make the best choices I can, but it’s still going to be high. But no way am I going to a nice (and expensive) restaurant like that and ordering salad! Maybe I can compensate tomorrow with a lot of exercise (yeah, sure...). Anyway, I’m looking forward to a nice romantic dinner together.  
    
    


    
       6:05 a.m. Thursday, Day 94. April Fool’s Day. I can’t say that particular holiday interests me as much as it did when I was in the 6-11 year old range. When you get into your 30s and 40s, you feel like the universe has handed you enough beastly practical jokes. Had PIZZA for dinner last night, which I absolutely loved and do not regret in the slightest, but of course I didn’t sleep well. Restless, stress dreams, woke up too early. I’m not in terrible shape, however, and perhaps will be able to nap later today.  My plans for today are to get Bucko one more birthday present (dvd of Snatch), create a new master list of what needs to be done around the house, check in at work and see where we are with that proposal, and if I really have my shit together, I’ll go to Home Depot and order carpet for the downstairs. I mean, it needs to be done. I just haven’t been able to bring myself to do something that I know will be so expensive. And I guess I’m feeling uncomfortable or a little scared about making a decision like that by myself. How in the world did I ever get to a place in my life where deciding to buy carpet can paralyze me for a week? No, seriously, how did I ever become so TIMID? And don’t tell me to self-care myself, because that was okay for yesterday, but today belongs to the iron-willed Puritan. Today I will accept all challenges with courage and resolve, and triumph over all. Also I have to remember to return the videos today.  I did not like the Royal Tenenbaums. I watched 33 minutes of it and gave up. Maybe if I watched longer, I would have had a change of heart, but I think half an hour of my life is long enough to spend on something I’m not enjoying. It’s obviously a great cast, but I don’t like the quirky style. Because that seems to be all there is to it, the style. They’re trying too hard.  I said I’m picky about movies, and I am. But I can’t believe the crap Hollywood churns out year after year. Dull, insubstantial, poorly written, predictable, barely-acted hunks of mediocrity. Sure, the Royal Tenenbaums was better than THAT, but still not enough that I saw any reason to watch it.  It reminds me of Forrest Gump — the whole time I was watching that movie I was thinking, “this movie is just not doing it for me, but I’ll bet the book is really good.” Apparently I don’t like that “one vignette after another” style. Maybe I’ll be inspired to play movie critic later, and put up a list of my favorites.  8:59 a.m. Did 30 minutes of gliding and ten minutes of lifting small weights. It wasn’t my best workout ever, I’m low on energy today. No doubt from the pizza. But what the hell, I DID it. Also watched another 30 minutes of the Royal Tenenbaums, since I needed something to distract me, and I’m still of the same opinion. Measured all the downstairs so I can get an estimate on carpet. That’s a good first step, right? Made the new To Do list.  It’s only 9 a.m. and I’ve accomplished things!  11:21 Okay, here’s what I did, and I am very happy that I’ve done something today. Got gas in the car; went to Ace and arranged delivery of 10 bales of pine straw and 4 bags of pine mcnuggets; returned the videos, bought Snatch and rented Sling Blade and The Lord of the Rings; and decided to talk to Bucko before I buy the carpet. No, I’m not really chickening out — part of my hesistancy about buying it is that he wants to just get the carpet cleaned instead of replacing it. So if I go buy it today, I’m doing it behind his back, and I’m not happy with that. I want to see if I can bring him around to my view, and if so then I’ll have no problem picking it out and buying it myself.  3:31 p.m. Painted the trim in the drawing room and the hallway.  I guess I had hoped to do the ENTIRE downstairs this afternoon, but it’s slower going than I expected. For one thing, I have to move furniture. And dust, because all the molding is filthy. And then there’s window frames and door frames as well as doors.  Had TWO Boca burgers for lunch and I’m stuffed.  5:24 p.m. I’ve been messing around with my blog template for a couple hours.  I’m trying to come up with an Impressionist painting color palette. That’s important, don’t you think?  
    
    


    
       7:02 a.m. Monday, Day 154.  Are you wondering if I was awake last night from 3:00 to 6:00?  Well, I was not. I was awake from 3:30 to 4:30. Not bad for me. I don't feel horrible, but it's starting to catch up. My eyes are slitty little burning things in a puffy face. Yes, it's as attractive as it sounds.  A great many calories yesterday, let's just not discuss it. Today is a new week. We're off to look at carpet, that should be a load of fun. Although, it's so darned hot and humid today, I'm looking forward to getting into the extreme cold of an air-conditioned car. The deck guy dropped off some wood and tools this morning, I have a verbal OK for the permit and should get the paper tomorrow or the next day. All is going swimmingly. 
    
    


    
       8:58 a.m. Sunday, Day 153. Feeling sort of medium today. Had another night of wakefulness from 3:00 to 6:00. On the plus side, there's always a late movie to watch. Last night I saw Wolf with Jack Nicholson and Michelle Pfeiffer. It wasn't bad. I must be in a more accepting mood at three in the morning than I usually am. Looks like about 1709 calories yesterday, so it's not likely I will lose any weight this week. According to my calculations, I have 1343 calories left for the week (meaning today) and I suspect I won't be under that. However, doubt I'll be much over either, so that means I won't GAIN any weight, which is always a good thing. I'm still riding high on my size-18 dress, so I guess I've thrown caution to the wind the last couple days.  Today we are going to stop by Bucko's work to pick up some lights, so he can take shots of Marella's pottery, so I can put together a web page for her. Then, since we'll be in the area, we'll drive around looking for a place to live. We are so close to putting the house on the market, we need to scramble and find a place to go after we sell it.  4:44 p.m. Okay, I have to eat my words. And everything else in sight, apparently. We went to a Mexican restaurant for lunch, and I had delicious vegetable tostadas, with rice and black beans and chips and salsa. I'm figuring that meal alone was about a thousand calories. So I will definitely not be losing weight this week!  I'm not displeased, though. My calories have been high, but I've been eating wonderfully health food and gorging on vegetables. You cannot believe how I am craving green things after that week (almost) of Atkins. Next week I'll start with the low-cal again. Keep things shaken up.  Bucko is out in the garage shooting Marella's pottery and I'm hiding inside. I will help when he gets to the point where I can do something useful, but for right now he has spent ONE AND A HALF HOURS setting up the lights. This is why I could never ever work in television or film production. I cannot stand the tedium of dicking around with things like that. I suppose to him it's not tedious; in fact he seems to be having a wonderful time. So all in all, a good day. 
    
    


    
       6:39 p.m. Saturday, Day 152.  I have been TOO BUSY to enter anything in my journal until now. I can't even remember what all we did today. Grocery shopping first thing, like ten minutes after I got out of bed first thing, a trip to the video store, the liquor store, and home. Sprayed the clover in the lawn, painted all the windowsills (21 of them), moved all the boxes to the garage, rearranged the furniture in the drawing room, drilled holes in the back of the shelves for the wires to go through, oh I don't even remember the rest. We've been on our feet since about 9 a.m. and we're both exhausted. But we are so close to being done with the house. I should be able to get the permit Tuesday, I have a verbal approval over the phone and he's passing on the paperwork asap, so hopefully the contractor can start demolition right away and being building on Wednesday. Also I'm having a hell of a time remembering what I ate today — I've been running around too much to track. It's not going to be a low-cal week though: I had almost 3000 calories yesterday, because of the huge restaurant meal. Which was, by the way, fun as hell and I thoroughly enjoyed it, and I looked GORGEOUS in my new dress and Bucko was completely blown away and leched after me all night. Overall, a great evening.  That's all I have time for! Got to go collapse. 
    
    


    
       7:25 a.m. Friday, Day 151.  Feeling good this morning. I am so saturated with vegetables now I feel 100% better. The last couple days I was not only fatigued, I was getting depressed. Feh. A large number of calories yesterday (1978), mostly due to beer consumption and Indian food buffet lunch. Anticipating an even larger number today, as we go out to dinner. Will try to compensate somewhat with breakfast and lunch. Should be a busy day today. Again with the building permit. Bucko has taken today off, for a four-day weekend, so we hope to get ALL the house-related chores done. Not sure that will happen, but we will at least shoot for it. 
    
    


    
       6:43 a.m. Thursday, Day 150. I'm free! Free! Free!  No more meat! No more cheese! I can't wait to eat a big fat salad. A tomato. Red peppers. Zucchini and broccoli and snow peas. Aaaaaahhh.  As you can see, I've given up the low-carb thing a day early. I just can't take it anymore. I have to find a different way to shake up my diet next time, something that doesn't make me feel like crap. So anyway... I had a big fling last night, in celebration, and had a Wendy's burger and fries. AND a cup of blueberries for dessert, plus this and that, bringing my carbs to 164 grams. Versus the 16.8 grams of the day before. Hee. Ended up at 1816 calories, which is just over my diet goal, but not bad for a meat-filled, fast-food day. Planning on a LOT of vegetables today, to recuperate. And then, of course, tomorrow night is Cappers, and I will eat everything and anything.  The only good thing I'll say about eating high protein is that it was very filling. I didn't get nearly so hungry as I do on my regular diet. So I have learned that lesson, and will increase my protein from now on. Trying to do that without increasing fat is difficult, but I'm sure I can work in a few more grams. I'm not phobic about fat, especially not the vegetable fats I mostly consume, it's just that in order to eat low calorie, you're spending twice the calories per mass with fat as you do with carbohydrate and protein.   7:30 p.m. This has been the most fantastic day. First of all, the Measurement Pants are LOOSE. They are baggy. I shouldn't even wear them anymore. I did, however, because it's too hot for jeans, which are the only pants I have right now that fit. Anyway, I went to The Barn — Dress Barn — and saw in the window the exact dress I wanted for going out to dinner. It's perfect. It's pretty and flirty, and kind of a swirl of red and pink and orange. Cute as hell, probably too young for me but I don't care. So, I crossed my fingers and picked up a 20, and a 22 in another dress I was considering. Tried them on. Too big. WAY too big. I couldn't believe it — I kept checking the label to see if I really had a 20. Yep. Went back for an 18. It fits. And it's not tight, it's just right. In fact it's a little loose in the waist and hips (I have the not-unmixed blessing of a large chest, so my top half is generally a size larger than my bottom half).  I was SO excited I bought earrings and a necklace to match. Just little $6.99 earrings, but what the hell.   I haven't been excited about clothes for so long I can't remember. Probably not since I was a teenager. Actually, probably not even then, because I had a much lower tolerance for being fat. It was more of an issue to me. Boy, a little perspective sure changes things. 30 years and a hundred pounds later, a size 18 starts to look pretty damned good instead of a terrible tragedy. I went out to lunch with Marella later, for her birthday, and when I told her I fit into an 18, she said "You should go to Hecht's for some new pants, because their petite sizes go up to an 18." And I was floored. Shop in a department store? Like a normal person? Instead of the special fat store? I can't even imagine.  Well. Pardon my babbling. I'm just so excited. 
    
    


    
       6:17 a.m. Wednesday, Day 149. I could sleep another six hours. Unfortunately, I need to be up at a decent hour to continue the good fight with the county Department of Permits and the Department of Ecological Health. I have become involved in an administrative snafu wherein no agency will admit authority or jurisdiction over the septic tank in my yard, and yet the building permit requires one of these agencies to sign off. Sigh. Talked to Bucko about it last night, and he had some good ideas: Call the Permit department directly, instead of DEH, and ask them what information they need from DEH to proceed issuing the permit. Perhaps that is information we can obtain from another source. Call that "Call before you dig" place, and see if they can find non-metal conduit in the ground. They could mark it so that the Permit people know the deck would not encroach on the septic tank. So I will have  another  day tied to the phone. Except, funk dat, because I'm going to the art museum today for the History of Paint lecture.  1689 calories yesterday, 186 grams protein, 16.8 grams of carbs. Look at all those sixes and eights. My least favorite numbers. Coincidence? Every muscle in my body feels weak and deteriorating. Two more days. Two more days. I have great hopes for this week, totally unfounded hopes.  urlLink This girlie  lost five pounds her first week of SB, and of course I wanted the same result. I don't think it's likely, as I am on Day Six with no apparent loss. At least I have shaken up my typical diet, which was my primary goal. Oh yes, it's shooken up alright.  It's only 8:27 and I already have the second coat done in my studio. I can paint the trim in about an hour. Then move all that furniture back in. Will call the Permit place at 9:00, if I haven't heard back from DEH guy.  4:25 p.m. Well folks, I'm calling a halt to the low-carb thing. I just can't take another day of it — I've felt exhausted since I started, and overall just not right. I need some vegetables.  In other news, I'm STILL dealing with the building permit. No end in sight. 
    
    


    
       6:56 a.m. Tuesday, Day 148. Day FIVE of MeatWeek. Feeling pretty good today. I only woke up once, and went right back to sleep. Had a wonderful time at Daisy's, and we both drank very moderately, which no doubt helped my sleep. She made us steaks and a tiny salad, which was perfect for my Atkins-esque diet. Which I will report, once again, that I don't like. I don't care if  other  people do it, though. I just want to point that out, since I bitch about low-carb, that I'm talking about ME and low-carb, not YOU and low-carb. I don't think there's one method for weight loss, just as I don't think there is one method for weight gain. The simplistic "calories in--calories out" equation is only valid in a test tube, so you have to find what works. The proof is in the pudding, as they say. The no-fat, sugar-free, low-carb pudding.  Also I weighed myself at Daisy's, which I haven't done since April 7th. Good news: I've lost five pounds. Bad news: I've lost five pounds. On the one hand, I've been worried that I haven't lost any weight at all in the last couple months, so it's good that I've actually lost a small amount rather than just maintained or even gained. On the other hand, jeez louise! A measly five pounds for seven weeks of effort?  Well.  I'm trying to remind myself that losing a pound a week is reasonable. When I first went into this, I told myself it would take one to two years to achieve my target weight. So, apparently, it is. I'm going to enjoy and appreciate weighing 220, which is a number I haven't seen on a scale for five years. I'm not discouraged, just disappointed.   In other news, I've got an interview with the university temp service in two weeks. I have mixed feelings about that, also. I need to bring in some money, but I also want time to paint. Temp work will be full time with little pay, which is the worst of both possibilities. On the plus side, it's  temp  work; I can do it for a month and then quit. Yeah, that's what everyone says. I can quit any time I want to. 
    
    


    
       6:23 a.m. Monday, Day 147. I'm up too early AGAIN.  Didn't get to sleep until 12:30ish, and then up at 5:30. What exactly is my problem?  Maybe too much protein, maybe severe mental problems. Who knows?  A good ending to the week, yesterday.  My chart tells me that I lost 1.5 pounds, even with three Meat Days at the end. My average calories per day was 1547, which is excellent. This is Day 4 of low-carb, and I am very tired of it. I think I can get through it, though. Monday-Tuesday-Wednesday-Thursday, and then on Friday I can eat vegetables and drink wine. Woo-hoo!   12:17 a.m. The morning's over and I don't have half my agenda accomplished. The powerwash guys are here, and I expected that to take one hour, but they've been here almost four. I guess they're very thorough. Also I'm in the process of getting a building permit for the deck, and that's a lot of confusion. We have an unusual septic/well situation, so we need to deal with a couple agencies and forms. Fortunately the deck footings will have the same footprint as the old, so they won't need to survey the lot, I think. But that's keeping me tied to the phone and fax machine, which means I can't be online (!). Man, it's time for cable modem.  I'm getting ready to cook some shrimp for lunch. And I'm going to have  lemon butter  with it. That's one of the things I really miss when dieting: butter.  I just crave it sometimes, and I could practically eat a stick of it. Don't worry, I've never done that.  I might have to nap again this afternoon. It will be a terribly unproductive day, but I've been going full tilt for a week, so perhaps today is my weekend. My day of rest.  3:35 p.m. Just finished watching Mona Lisa Smile.  It was better than I expected. I was  hoping  it would be entertaining enough to sit through, and it definitely was. There were some silly Hollywood contrivances in the plot, especially near the very-predictable ending, but overall I liked it. It has some of my favorite actresses — Julia Roberts (I don't know WHY I like her, but I do), Marcia Gay Harden, and Maggie Gyllenhaal. I really really like Gyllenhaal, and I have no idea where I've seen her before. I know I have, but I don't recognize any of the movies she's been in. Go figure.  I'm going to try the Measurement Shorts tomorrow... 
    
    


    
       7:34 a.m. Sunday, Day 146. Day 3 of Meat Fest. I'm up much too early this morning, been awake since about 5:30. Since we didn't go to bed until after midnight, I'm dragging a bit. Couldn't sleep anymore, though, so I figured I'll get up and then have a lovely afternoon nap later. Ahhh.  A whopping 2049 calories yesterday. I'm not entirely sure that's accurate; I'm finding it harder to quantify what I'm eating. I might be overestimating. That's okay; I'm not so concerned with calories this week, I just want to have a ballpark idea of where I am.  I estimate 22 grams of carbs. Still not enjoying the low-carb plan. I'm not going to torture myself with it — if I feel awful I'll quit — but if possible I want to do it for the week. I have been feeling rather tired, but since this has been during two drinking days, that could easily account for it. Also getting 4 hours of sleep might be a contributing factor.  I'm planning to buy a new dress for our dinner next week. I am hoping hoping hoping that I can fit into a 20. I guess it will depend on the dress — I have some 20s in my closet right now that are too big for me, and some 22s that are too small. I'm planning on Dress Barn (isn't that a lovely name? Moo.) since they have the larger sizes. But their dresses are a little strange, it's hard to find something good. A lot of their stock is the kind of thing you see TV evangelists wearing on Sunday morning. I may be fashion-retarded, but that is not my first choice. Wouldn't it be cool, oh so cool, to shop in a regular store? I'm hoping for that to happen someday.   Talked to Daisy this morning, and I am so happy. Have you noticed that I hardly mention her anymore? That's because I never see her, because the evil ho-bag is working a very demanding temp job  and  interviewing two and three times a week. I'm really keeping my fingers crossed for her to land a good job, so that a) she will be able to pay her bills, and b) she can hire me.  Actually, reverse the order of those two items. Anyway, we're having dinner tomorrow at her house, where I will eat meat meat meat meat meat and we can drink and talk all night. Can't wait. 
    
    


    
       9:13 a.m. Saturday, Day 145. Meat! Meat! Meat meat meatmeatmeat!  Mmmmmmeat!  Yes. I ate nothing but MEAT yesterday. Well, okay, I also had eggs and cheese. I am a bad-ass consumer of animals. Beware!  Not sure, but I think all that protein is making me aggressive.  Seriously, I'm not sure if I feel different. I sure don't  enjoy  the big meat diet, but I don't know if I actually feel bad because of it. I will report back on that subject in a couple days. If not sooner. I allowed myself a very small lettuce salad with half of a small tomato, and a drizzle of Paul Newman caesar dressing. That gave me 5 grams of carbs; two eggs gave me 1.2; I'm guesstimating the leftover quiznoids  sans pain  at 6; and the coffee with creamer, sugar, and Benefiber is 4. So a total of 16.2 grams of carb yesterday, vs. 146.5 grams of protein. And 116 of fat. I hope my arteries survive this. Remember Bart saying to Homer "But Dad, my heart hurts," and Homer says "Shut up and butter your bacon!" Or words to that effect.  And, I totalled 1752 calories, which is VERY good for a drinking day. So that's a relief.  4:23 p.m. I'm up to 813 calories, before dinner. A little more than usual, but overall I'm encouraged that I can still eat a reasonable amount of calories while gorging on meat. My diet range is 1300-1800 a day, so if I go 1600-2000 for this low-carb week, I think that's survivable. Naturally I'll aim for the lower end of the scale. 
    
    


    
       6:12 a.m. Friday, Day 144. Woke up early, 5:30ish, but I'm feeling good. I think I fell asleep around 10 last night, so that's reasonable. I was  exhausted  yesterday, I kind of overdid it with all the house stuff.  Today I have to decide if I'm going to low-carb it this week. Still hesitant: most of my carbs come from the vegetables I eat, I'm not sure I want to cut them out or lessen my intake. (Although if I remember correctly, one can subtract carbohydrate calories according to the amount of fiber they contain.) I don't think I can achieve my current low-cals with a high protein diet. Not to mention the monotony of meat and cheese. On the other hand, it's just for a week to shake things up.  1354 calories yesterday. That's great considering I had half a Quiznoids sub and a beer. This has been one of my best weeks, calorie-wise, since I started dieting. Right now I'm averaging 1296 calories a day. Of course, that will shoot up quite a bit after the weekend, but I think I'll still have a good week. Maybe this is the time to do a shake-up — right after a low calorie week, have a high calorie week of meat. Hmm.  I just realized that in The Nutty Professor — the original, with Jerry Lewis — that when Lewis plays the obnoxious Buddy Love, he's imitating, to some degree, Dean Martin. Which is funny, because of all those Martin and Lewis movies they made together. Did everyone else in the world already know this in-joke except me?  9:50 a.m.  Okay, after all that shilly-shallying I've decided to go low-carb for one week. Please do not regard this as an endorsement of low-carb diets, because I think they suck. I consider this a very short-term change in diet to introduce confusion to my body. I'm just finishing a very low cal week, and I want to  change  what I'm doing, for the sake of change. Because I think change will help to prevent my body from adapting to low-calorie diet as SOP. Maybe that's bad science, I don't know, but the beauty of it is that I can do whatever I want, and account to no man. Hee.  In other news, I'm remembering why we want to move. In recent weeks, as we spiff up the house, I become more reluctant to sell it, because it looks nicer. A little Catch-22 there. However: this morning I am trying to ready materials for the SunFest show, and I am sweating out in the garage (humidity near 100%), trying to label and pack up disparate items such as flowerpots and coffee tables. I've got a bunch of accoutrements to this activity, such as Sharpies, labels, string, brown paper, packing tape, business cards, flyers, padding blankets, notebooks, etc. I had to gather all those items from four different locations in the house, not all of them on the same floor. And now I must return them to those locations.  I don't mean this as a boo-hoo-life-is-so-hard story, I mean it as an example of why it's difficult to run a business or serious sideline from a house meant for a family with no interests besides watching television, and why we need a house that has a basement or outbuildings or a bonus room or SOMETHING. We need  messy  areas.  1:37 p.m. Just got back from the grocery store with a cart full of meat, cheese, and eggs. It felt so WEIRD to buy that stuff. I pretended it was for someone else. Really. In the checkout lane I suddenly found myself blurting out to the cashier that we were having a cookout and everyone who is coming is on Atkins. I totally made that up, I totally  lied,  and it was completely spontaneous and unsolicited. It's not like she asked me about the food, like "Why are you suddenly buying all this meat and cheese when every week you come in here and buy 20 pounds of vegetables? I think we'll need to check your ID."  Also I bought a little breakfast tray, the kind you have for breakfast in bed with a newspaper and flower on the side, for $4.50 at Goodwill. So I have one more beach thing to paint. 
    
    


    
       6:25 a.m. Thursday, Day 143. Feeling good, slept good, etc. I'm on a roll. 1380 calories yesterday, another excellent day. Finished the wine rack. That's everything currently on hand that I'm planning to bring to the SunFest in June. Now — should I try to get more stuff ready, or let it go? Undecided.  Back in the day, when I was a tiny young Marla at her first professional job, we didn't have computers. That is, computers existed, but they were large mainframe things with their own rooms, if not their own buildings, and they had nothing to do with normal life. Hee. The way I did my work, in those days, was sitting or standing at a giant drawing board that had hydraulics involved in lifting and positioning it, with a 6' wide crossbar. I used tools and equipment that I haven't seen in years now. A waxer. No, not for your legs, for applying a thin coat of wax to the back of galleys, so that you could rub them onto a board (not wood, illustration board) in order to "paste up" a "layout." The wax was a great technological improvement over rubber cement, because it was repositionable. You could kind of slide the little piece of paper here and there until it was straight, and then rub it down with your  burnisher.  The only drawback, as I discovered to my great regret one day, is that wax MELTS when it gets too hot, which causes the little pieces of paper with the words and pictures on them to slide around the board willy-nilly, which is what happened when I delivered five boards to the printer one summer day, transporting them in the back seat of my behemoth 1969 Chevy Impala with no air conditioning.  5:51 p.m. I'm not sure I can even keep track of everything I did today.  The macro story is I cleaned up the bedroom, master bathroom, and closet. The micro story is I went up and down the stairs about 24 times; moved furniture around; climbed up and down the ladder a dozen times; cleaned, caulked and painted six windows; installed hardware on the six windows; sewed curtains for the six windows; packed the winter clothes; threw away the old clothes; hauled said clothes out to the garage; patched all the nail holes in the walls; sanded and painted the nail holes, packed the paintings and mirrors; painted the trim in the bathroom; and then fell down. I know I'm leaving things out, but I'm too tired to think of them. Literally. I had just enough strength to call Bucko on his way home and send him to Quiznoids. Which I hope I don't regret, but I haven't the energy to think of anything else.  I haven't done any deliberate exercise in a week and a half, but boy oh boy I don't feel the least need. 
    
    


    
       7:41 a.m. Wednesday, Day 142.  Feeling good today, a bit slow: lost an hour or two of sleep in the middle of the night. This time I definitely blame the wine. A decent numer of calories yesterday, 1479. Had tilapia filets and broccoli for dinner. I stirred up some low-fat mayo and mustard, smeared it on the fish, then topped with a mixture of chopped sunflower seeds, crushed Ritz crackers, and a tiny sprinkle of brown sugar. That's what I had in the house to mimic chopped pecans, and it worked quite well. Bake at 350 for 12-15 minutes. It's always hard to tell when tilapia is done; it doesn't get flaky like other fish, so be careful not to overcook. I will be having this for lunch today, also.  I've been feeling remotivated the past few days. After being so depressed and discouraged, I've taken an upswing. Have NO idea why — maybe writing it through in my journal helped, maybe it's random. I think the tiny progress I'm seeing has a lot to do with it. I feel like I can stand this, can stand anything, if I just know it's working.  Warning: long, dull, pointless bitching follows:  Yesterday I went to Kmart looking for these Curvation brand bras and panties, which come in large sizes and are inexpensive. I read about them SOMEwhere, can't remember where. I thought, how wonderful to have  pretty  underwear for a reasonable price, something I haven't experienced in 20 or 25 years. I mean, I can spend a wheelbarrow-full of money at a specialty lingerie store, but I can't just walk into one of the Marts and buy a cute blue-with-lilac-stripes bra and matching panties for $16 the way average-sized women can. I can buy white, tan, or black heavily-constructed butt-ugly bras for $15, and a roll of  very  brightly colored underpants for $6. So I found the Curvation bras, all four of them, in the lingerie department at Kmart. They were ALL black or white. On the same display they had another brand, cannot recall the name, let's call it Other, which had pretty pink-with-polka-dots, lavender-with-flowers, pale-green-with-stripes bras. In my size, I might add. Perfect, I thought. Let me just find the matching panties...  yeah. Where are the matching panties? There was ONE pair of panties, two sizes too large for me. So I looked over in the panties section. Couldn't find any Other brand panties. Looked high and low (panties in my size are generally high; they put the tiny ones on the bottom of the rack. Seems dangerous to stack it that way, might tip over. Anyway...). I found some really pretty underpants in gorgeous colors, but they were Another brand. On the package label it said "Matching bra available!"  If you say so, but I can tell you it's not available within the same store.  I tried mixing 'n matching bras from one brand, underpants from another, but couldn't get a reasonable combination. And that was the thing I was trying to avoid in the first place — I'm tired of wearing a mismatched white bra with a turquoise and magenta panty. So I would like to ask Kmart: What the hell did you think you were doing? What sort of bizarre stocking scheme was that? And I would like to say to Just My Size, Hanes, and Fruit of the Loom: Why in the world do you think a woman would NOT want softly-colored, pretty, feminine underthings simply because she weighs X number of pounds more than the model you designed these things on? Why do you think this woman would WANT to limit herself to white or hideous primary colors with infantile patterns on them? And another thing, Just My Size in conjunction with Kmart: Am I mistaken, or are you not supposed to specialize in plus-sized bras? And if so, why the hell is the entire display stocked with 36 C bras? Because that is NOT just my size.  Was that the most boring, uninspired bitch session ever? Yes, it was. Sorry.  5:14 p.m. I'm considering Going Atkins for a week, starting with May 21 and ending May 28 (the night we are planning on eating at Cappers). I'm not decided yet — in general, I don't support the high-protein diets, because they are also high fat and low vegetable. There are aspects of health other than weight to consider, and I don't feel healthy on a protein diet. On the other hand, I want to shake up my eating and try something different for a short period of time. I just took an average of six random days, and I'm eating 32% protein, 55% carbohydrate, 13% fat.  While I'm happy about the fat, I could try reversing the protein and carb ratios. I think I could do that for one week, hopefully rev up the metabolism (or whatever...), and return to healthy eating after the seven days. 
    
    


    
       6:26 a.m. Tuesday, Day 141. Got up too early today, I can tell from my beady eyes that I should have slept longer. I feel good though, and I was ready to get up, so I did. An astounding 972 calories yesterday. Holy shit!  I didn't exactly intend to eat that low, but once I got past lunch with only 495 calories, I decided to go with it and see if I could stay under 1000. It wasn't too difficult, because I had chicken salad (i.e., lettuce salad with chicken pieces) for lunch and dinner. You can have a whole lot of lettuce for 30 or 40 calories. So anyway, great. It's not going to be my goal from now on, because it's much too low for everyday consumption, but it does help to balance out the high days.   Also painted that cabinet/shelf dealie. I found out why it cost only $7 in Goodwill — it had a big old gouge out of the top. Didn't have any wood filler, so I fixed it with my own concoction: paste of wood glue and cream of wheat. Worked great. So yesterday I painted a little ocean scene on the front, framed with some tropical flowers around the edges and along the top. It's pretty cute. It has been difficult for me to paint beach stuff, which is usually light and airy and pretty, and that is NOT my style. So it's a good stretch for me to paint flowers and the like. The day before I painted a really heinous mess on the wine rack, so I had to scrape that off and reprime. Not sure what I'll do with that, but I should work on it today.  *Can I tell you I am completely smitten with that little "Marla is..." Google game? Smitten, I tell you. For one thing, the name "Marla" is featured in a lot of Internet pornography. A LOT. Who knew? My self-absorption knows no bounds: "Marla Is" simply wasn't enough, I also did "Marla Was" (not recommended, you get a lot of obituaries), "Marla Will Be" and "Marla Thinks."  I am so fascinated by it, I am going to use one in every post. Be warned!   Ballooning.  I am SICK of hearing this word, as in "Mary's weight suddenly ballooned up to 185 pounds." Or whatever number of pounds. You can't turn on Discovery Health Channel without seeing a show about weight loss surgery (more about that later), and you can't see a show about weight loss without hearing the ballooning phrase. I hate it. It sounds like someone stuck a bicycle pump up Mary's ass and inflated her with pork grease, or some sort of special heavy air. How about a more realistic, less stupidly dramatic phrase, such as "Mary gained 45 pounds," or the more verbose "Mary's weight increased from 140 to 185 pounds, a gain of 45 pounds in two years." Or AT LEAST consult your thesaurus once in a while for a different silly word. How about if Mary swelled, bulged, surged, billowed, expanded, boosted, or aggrandized her way to 185 pounds? How about if she waxed obese? Maybe her pounds mushroomed or pyramided, unfurled or upsurged, escalated, mounted, proliferated, pullulated, swarmed, or snowballed.  1:19 p.m. Today I bought:  two cans of spray paint, white and cream three rolls of packing tape one bra, white one sweatshirt-gray-colored tank top, size XL (too small) two lipsticks, Copper Dust and Iridescent Punk    I mean Pink six foam paintbrushes two bottles of wine one liquid eyeliner  I'm not sure, but I think it sounds like I'm getting ready for a big evening.  Also, I wish to take this opportunity to complain, again, about how bad Kmart sucks and how ugly their larger size clothing is. You're in pretty sorry shape, Kmart, when you make Wal-Mart look good. Also, please explain to that bitch in Customer Service that the proper expression is "Can I help you?" not "Did you have a question?". 
    
    


    
       Marla is looking for interesting places to perform. Marla is running and winning races all over the United States today. Marla is his feminine side. Marla is definitely a real, living character. Marla is Going to Iowa. Marla is the most professional, honest, person. Marla is a wonderful psychic reader. Marla is a stopping point. Marla is one of the few, the proud, the original. Marla is in your extended network. "Marla is terrific, sensational!" says Lou. Marla is a Florida Gator who moved to Sarasota. Marla is now over me again. Marla is having a bit of a hard time. Marla is a pure-bred, 14-month-old female fawn-colored boxer. Marla is astonished by their claims. Marla is soft-spoken, humorous, down to earth. Marla is (against her will) sucked into a board. Disagreeing with Marla is something sane people avoid. Marla is in the perfect setting for listening to gossip. Marla is doped on despair. Marla is well-maintained and features creek crossings. Marla is a fantasy. Marla is so fast Marla is the key and the lock Marla is so much more than a dead ringer for Bette Midler. MARLA IS NOW A TUPPERWARE MANAGER! Marla is a skillful billiards player. Marla is actually a quite pretty name Marla is aware of the Huxley. Marla is a threat to the narrator from the get-go. MARLA is still on the floor. (because marla is downright stimulating) Marla is pretty tired of getting blue and white paper. Marla is simply the best in town Marla is standing by the door's hinges, close to the wall. Marla is a modern irony in an ancient landscape. Marla is living proof that nothing is impossible if we try.   *A Google game. Type in your name with the word  is  after it (you have to use quotation marks around the search or google will ignore the word is, e.g., "Marla is").  
    
    


    
       7:08 a.m. Monday, Day 140. First of all,   urlLink Tahiti photos are here!    You will see a list of photo albums on the left; click French Polynesia to see a few representative pix of our recent trip. If you click on the photo you will get a larger view and a more descriptive caption. Also in the album Various, you can see a picture of me as a young puppy, graduating from school in 1981. More to come.  Secondly, slept well last night, feel pretty good this morning. Came in under goal last week; theoretically I lost 1.25 pounds. The mShorts do seem a tiny bit looser today, I hope I'm not imagining that. Took my measurements, after a month of abstaining, and I  think  I see progress there, too.  I seem to be unable to get accurate measurements, so I'm not relying on that too much. Anyway, I feel considerably more cheerful than yesterday, regardless of the measurements. I think I was so determined to get out of that weaselly mood that I planted a sort of hypnotic suggestion to myself. You WILL feel better, you WILL, you WILL...  So I said I would write in more depth about this attack of self-loathing I had yesterday. I don't even know where to start with that. It seems so complicated and confusing to me. I don't loathe  other  fat people. Sure, I don't like to be around people who are insecure, hostile, or defensive, which are traits that can be caused by a low self-esteem due to being overweight. But fatness itself? A neutral attribute, when I see it in other people. That makes me think it's not fatness  qua  fatness that bothers me about myself; maybe the fatness symbolizes all the other issues. It's the easiest one to focus on, the most tangible.  Maybe everyone, regardless of weight, consolidates all their problems under the heading of a single, simple manifestation.  And probably you pick the single manifestation for which you will receive the most agreement from the rest of society. You're going to have a hard time getting everyone to buy into the idea that your slightly-stubby left thumb is a huge social handicap that has scarred you tragically, but you will find lots of validation for the theory that your weight, big ass, crooked nose, receding hairline, or small boobs are ruining your life. You will also find a  lot  of people and organizations who are happy to take your money in the pursuit of "fixing" those problems.  I have a friend (Daisy, who else), who has a lot of the same psychological issues I do, the insecurity, paranoia, low self-esteem, and extreme introversion. We joke about how similar our psyches are (also we were born on the SAME day, ten years apart). Here is someone who typifies the ideal of female beauty in our society. Tall, thin, long-legged, blonde, incredible smile, beautiful features. She looks like a model or actress. She also typifies my ideals of a cool friend: smart, funny, talented, witty, kind, generous, and bizarre. So from my perspective, she's pretty much the perfect person. Yet she has these weird self confidence issues. Somehow, this perfect woman has found a way, or been made to find a way, to feel invalid.   How can she feel that way when she's not even fat?? That's what makes me think we all find  something  to hang our problems on, and name it as THE problem. There are other people as fat - fatter - than I am, who don't have the self-esteem problem. Something about them, either inherent or in their upbringing, enabled them to disregard the bad things society is saying about them. I want to be that way. I want to lose weight AND not hate being fat. It's not the paradox it seems, if you regard losing weight as a beneficial but not required activity. Like, if you learned another language, that would be an enhancement to your life, right? But it's not like your life sucked and you were worthless  before  you learned the language. That's how I view, or want to view, losing weight.  I know I haven't addressed the attack of self-loathing very directly, but I'm not sure what to say about it. All my strength and sense of self are completely undone when I see photographs. It's like Kryptonite to me. I'm angry and hurt (by/with myself) when it happens, and then I spend a couple weeks not looking in mirrors. When I see a photo of myself, it's not just that I don't like my shape, it's that it doesn't FEEL LIKE ME. That is not how I feel inside! I don't mean something retarded like "there's a thin girl inside me," I mean that my posture, my expressions, my very body language, do not accurately represent what is going on in my head, because the translation from mind to body becomes blurred by the fat. I will be feeling, for instance, very relaxed, and I think I am expressing that feeling by the loungeful and cool way I am perched on my bar stool like Lauren Bacall, and then I'll see a photo of me and I look hunched over, dense, uncomfortable. I look like Danny DeVito. And dammit, that's not how I felt!  I felt like Lauren Bacall!  But my body refuses to take on the correct aspect to convey simple emotions. No, it doesn't refuse, it's DOING it, but no one can see it, because the shapes and outlines are different on me. They represent the wrong thing, and I always wonder, how are people perceiving and treating me, based on what they are seeing? They are not seeing the cool lounging, they are seeing discomfort and awkwardness. They are not seeing ME.  And then I slap myself, and say "How do you think people with blatant physical disabilities feel? How do you think someone in a wheelchair feels about being invisible or not perceived as who they are? And you're crying about being FAT? Stop your stupid, weak whining!"  So you see, I don't even allow myself a nice wallow in self pity. First I hate myself for being fat, then I punish myself for feeling bad. Gee, who needs enemies? Maybe if I did allow myself a wallow, I would get over it faster. I could just boo-hoo for a couple minutes, and then say "Okay, well, enough of that, I got stuff to do today...".  I don't think I can write any more about this today. I haven't solved it, but I'm not sure it's solvable. Not once-and-for-all. Never fear, it will come up again and I can write about it some more. The fun never stops! 
    
    


    
       6:55 a.m. Sunday, Day 139. Slept well, feel good, a little burny-eyed. 1749 calories yesterday, very good for a Saturday and a drinking day. I also have almost 3,000 calories available for today, if I chose to eat that much!  I'm thinking I'll try to avoid it...  3:33 p.m. I feel awfully depressed.  I was going through some photos to upload, so you all can see them (which by the way are  urlLink here ) and I was, as always, truly horrified at how I look. I so hate myself for thinking that, I so very much don't want to allow myself that self-loathing, and yet, my god, how does anyone get around it?  I'm so saddened by this, I promise I'm going to write about it later in depth, but right now I don't have the energy. And tomorrow, when I'm in a better mood, I will add my photo link to my blog template and be all happy and excited about it. Really, I will.  * Apu to Homer. 
    
    


    
       6:14 a.m. Saturday, Day 138. Slept very well last night, for me. Only woke up once or twice, back didn't hurt, dreams were mild. A very wonderful 1689 calories yesterday, on my HIGH day. How did that happen? I will tell you: I missed lunch. Yeah, not a good way to diet, but it wasn't deliberate. Then had a moderate dinner. So I am averaging 1578 a day so far this week, which is perfect. I have discovered frozen, pitted red cherries. That is a delicious dessert. Higher in calories than the blueberries, but manageable.   Watched part of Searching for Bobbie Fisher last night.  I'm not quite getting into it; it seems very contrived and heavy handed. Someone whose opinion I respect recommended it to me, so I want to give it a chance. Maybe I wasn't quite in the right mood, or maybe we just have different taste in movies.  I want to say a little something about Bucko. You know, sometimes I take that man for granted. I've mentioned, haven't I, that we've been married for 20 years? (yes, it's just as weird to me.)  We're still fabulously in love, which is not to say we don't have our little  moments,  but still... Anyway, I wasn't fat when we met and when we married. Not that I was slim, either, but I weighed about 135 when he first saw me (the summer after 9th grade. Hah!). And maybe 150 when we married. A lot of men, if their wife gained approximately 100 pounds, would be very, shall we say...  disturbed  by it. A lot of men would be downright rude, cruel, and horrible about it. Yet Bucko has never, ever, indicated that he finds me anything less than fiendishly attractive and due every degree of worship and respect. And sometimes I don't appreciate how rare a quality that is in a man. But the great part? I never, ever, expected anything else from him.  I think that speaks well of both of us.  p.s. don't get all creepy and feel sorry for us that we've known each other for 27 years and been married for 20. We were both complete WHORES in school (and this is in the late 1970s sex-n-drug-fest, I might add), we didn't date each other as teenagers, and we didn't get married until after school, so it's not as though we've never had any EXPERIENCES besides each other, if you get my drift. 
    
    


    
       7:36 a.m. Friday, Day 137. I took a melatonin last night, and it kicked my butt. I'm groggy but well rested. I "overslept" by an hour!  I put overslept in quotes because I don't set an alarm; I usually wake up so early there's no need. Anyway, slept without interruption until 6 a.m., then fell asleep again until 7:30. I guess I needed to catch up.  Enough about that. 1126 calories yesterday, good news. Today is Friday, my high day, and I'm back on track. Here's what a typical day is like for me, and this is a good example because it's not perfect, I eat some crackers:  Breakfast - half a can of soup, coffee with creamer and sugar: 158 calories Snack - cantaloupe: 188 calories Lunch - 1 chicken breast, bunch of green beans: 278 calories Snack - 12 Ritz crackers, 2 eggs: 342 calories Dinner - Wendy's chicken salad, my own dressing, and cup of frozen raspberries: 492 calories.  For a grand total of: 1458. Now, on a really good day I don't eat eggs or crackers, I eat an apple or leftover bean salad. About the same calories, but more nutritious. On a drinking day, I'll add another 230 to 800 calories of alcohol, depending (800 calories is a martini day). You can see why I am annoyed with myself when I drink too much, it's mostly a matter of the extra calories. Another typical pattern is that I eat more later in the day. I can restrain myself better in the first half, by late afternoon I'm very hungry and less likely to practice portion control. So we can see that I am not as adjusted to this diet as I think I am, it's not what I consider normal eating. Also it makes me aware I have to spend more effort on having good food in the house. Like, whenever I have crackers or eggs or some other food that I would prefer not to eat, it's not because I had a giant craving for it and ran out and got some. It's because I was hungry and there wasn't anything else in the house.   Today I go to the Orifice for a few hours in the afternoon. Good, more paycheck. Not sure what I will do this morning, maybe numbers 4 and 5 from yesterday's list. Also need to grocery shop. Here is the recipe for my  urlLink bean salad.   4:42 p.m. Got most of Item 4 (clean and paint utility room door) done.  I just have to flip it over and do the second side. Item 5, feh, I guess Monday. Just got back from the Orifice, billed 2 hours, fairly painless. Having a glass of wine and some wasabi peas. Oh yeah. 
    
    


    
       6:39 a.m. Thursday, Day 136. Felt a little groggy when first got up, and my eyes are rather beady, but I feel okay. Had a nightmare about being chased by some sort of monster, woke up at 4:00 a.m. but went back to sleep pretty easily. So whatever, what else is new.  1164 calories yesterday, which is good because I had a lot of compensating to do. 2027 Monday, 1886 Tuesday, and those are supposed to be my low calorie days. I'm not exactly Doing a Wendie, but I don't want to eat the same amount and type of food every day, I want to shake it up a little. Generally at the beginning of the week it's easier for me to stay on the low cal end, but my plans went all awry this week. Thus the low cal days to compensate. Tried the mShorts yesterday and they seem a smidgen looser. Hard to say. Bucko is ALL into going to Capper's, whether I fit in the shorts or not, because of that half-off coupon. I don't think I can reasonably deny him the chance to go, if I don't happen to fit into the Shorts by the end of the month, which I don't think I will. However, I will continue to work toward that goal as if the reward were still pending. I'm still frustrated with myself for being 95% on goal. If I'm going to not diet/exercise enough that I don't lose weight, it would be more fun if I ate some pizza or something like that, instead of apparently eating just a smidge too much salad. Actually, what got me on Tuesday is that I was trying to compensate so hard for Monday, that I was STARVING by dinner time, and ate two pieces of salmon instead of one, thus adding 350 calories, which is pretty much the amount that would have kept me exactly on plan (if I hadn't eaten it.) Follow me? I must recommend that you do not, even in the metaphorical sense.  Here's what I am going to do today:  1. Fix all the hundreds of thumbtack holes in the walls of the office. They are just big enough that paint alone will not plug them; I have to spackle, sand, and blot with paint, which hopefully will blend in when dry. 2. Finally paint the foyer thing upstairs. 3. Clean the so-called utility room (half as big as a closet, but it does hold the washer/dryer and vacuum cleaner. It is remarkably filthy for a room that is used to clean other things. 4. Clean and paint the door that is supposed to close off the utility room from the hallway, so it can be reinstalled. 5. Call the powerwash guy recommended by the carpenter who was out here to look at our deck yesterday.  If I can manage all those things, then I'll see about adding on to the list.  2:08 p.m. Here is what I have accomplished:  1. Done. I think the touch-ups are reasonably blended in. I can see them if I really look, but I don't think anyone else is going 2. Done. It took me an hour and a half to get one coat up, and it needed two coats. That Duron paint is like WATER. Then I took a break for a little snackie: one fat-free Ball Park hot dog and several slices of Pompeian Fire Roasted Red Peppers (for some reason this is the Brand Name Paragraph). Here's what I love about those peppers: one 4 oz. serving is 30 calories. 0 fat. One serving has  100 percent  of your daily vitamin C requirements and 42 percent of your Vitamin A. There is no added sugar. I love you, Pompeian Fire Roasted Red Peppers. In a special way. Um, back to the list:  3. Done, including re-grouted along the edge of the floor.  Item 4 might have to wait for another day. And 5 I think I can do after lunch. Having a good food day so far. I'm planning on salmon for lunch, probably yellow squash and chicken for dinner.  
    
    


    
       6:27 a.m. Wednesday, Day 135. I slept all the way through until 5:00 this morning, and then managed another 45 minutes dozing. I attribute this to two things: I took a melatonin and I went to bed at 11:00.  I think I've been going to sleep too early, in order to catch up, and it's working against me. Maybe I'm waking up early because I'm falling asleep early.  Since Bucko gets up at 5:30, we've gotten into an early-night routine, but it's not working well for me.  Yesterday was a good day. Got a lot of stuff done. Half the office is now bordered. The other half today, and also I will clean the upstairs windows. I can't believe how sharp and clear everything looks with the screens down and several years' worth of grime wiped away. And that's just cleaned on the inside, the outside is still filthy.  Here's how much I miss Daisy, since we no longer work at the same place, and she is more or less gainfully employed (with little actual "gain") and thus has no time to sloth around with me: I have taken to checking the "Yes, please send me more information about your programs and product offerings" boxes, just so I will get some email. It's breaking my heart everytime I look and all I get is "You have no new email."  4:23 p.m. Does anyone want to hear about Secondhand Lions? Good, because I want to tell you.  I'll give it a B-.  It's pretty uneven. Some of it's good, but the plot is not entirely coherent, and the focus wanders a bit. Kids will probably like it, and I guess after all that's who it's aimed at. So I would say: If you get the opportunity to watch it, do so, but don't make a special trip to Blockbuster. On the other hand, Lost in Translation is excellent, and I highly recommend it. The  urlLink Ebert review  is worth reading, if you want to get an idea what it's like, and it's a great description of Bill Murray's performance. 
    
    


    
       6:58 a.m. Tuesday, Day 134.  Slept like HELL last night. Woke up around 1:00 a.m., all restless and weaselly, and never got back into the groove until around 5:00.  And here I am at 6:58, wide awake and scratchy-eyed. Yesterday the power went off around 4:40 p.m., and stayed off until sevenish-ish, so Bucko and I hied ourselves to the nearest sushi emporium, and stuffed ourselves. Is it the sushi? I don't know. Since I've been tracking my food consumption so closely, I always think I'm going to discover what causes the bad nights, but so far there's no rhyme or reason. Like, for a while I thought it was red wine. Then the next time I had red wine I slept fine. Also the corollary: the next time I slept poorly there was no red wine involved. So what the eff?  Anyway. An unexpected high calorie day yesterday, from the eating out. Today, the compensatory low calorie day. I think I can manage, I have a lot of vegetables in the house. Not sure what I'm going to do today. I suppose I should fax my resume, now that the proposal is over and no other work in sight. And, as yesterday, I want to get as much house-related stuff accomplished as possible. There's no way we're going to get this thing on the market anytime soon if we don't pick up the pace. "We" meaning Bucko.  11:07 a.m. Did half an hour of glider sprints, while watching O Brother Where Art Thou. I've seen it once before, really liked it. I'm considering dropping cable and signing up with NetFlicks. Hmmm, big decision. Daisy is going to, and of course I have to do whatever she does.  Also managed to get my resume off to university temporary services and also state temporary services. They told me their pay rate is 8 to 10 dollars an hour. Which means if I can get 12 hours a week at The Orifice, I'm better off. Now if only I could get that 12 hours... Today I hope to wash all the windows on the inside, and paint the foyer upstairs, which I did not do yesterday, but I did write bills instead.  1:57 p.m. Got a lot done so far today. Washed all the windows downstairs, it takes a lot longer than I expected. Perhaps when you wash windows once every six years, the dirt kind of builds up. I also found time to lay in the sun for 30 minutes and read a book. Ahhh. That's the life. I think what I will do with the rest of the afternoon is, instead of cleaning windows upstairs, I will get the rest of the office done - paint the trim and clear off the monitors so Bucko and I can put up the wallpaper border tonight. Don't want to be dripping paste onto the computers. I had a delicious sauteed zucchini with red bell pepper slices, and a cup of blueberries for dessert. I'm only at 358 calories so far!  I'm going to need a little snackie before dinner, but will limit it to veggies or maybe one of those no-fat hot dogs (45 calories). I will eat it bunless with relish and more red pepper slices. It's ironic that the hot dog is less than half the calories of the bun.  4:44 p.m. Got the office prepped for hanging the border. The reason we're hanging a border, by the way, is to cover up the previous border, which was a poor choice. Very poor. This will now be the only room in the house with wallpaper of any kind.  I have to say: don't hang wallpaper. It's tempting, because there are SO many kinds and they're just so rich and elaborate, but you'll regret it. They go out of style and look dated very quickly, plus they start to look ragged around the edges after a few years. Then they're a bitch to remove. Paint will also go out of style and look beat up, but it's MUCH easier to put on a fresh coat of paint than deal with wallpaper.  I'm at 448 calories, with dinner left to go. But: we're having salmon caesar salad tonight, so I think I can stay under 1200 pretty easily. Which will balance yesterday.  
    
    


    
       7:01 a.m. Monday, Day 133. The first day of Week 20.  Yesterday ended up at 1,578 calories, for a weekly total of 12,102.  Not bad, not great. According to my calculations, I should have lost one pound. I didn't get nearly the exercise I wanted, because of so many hours working, but I will concentrate on that again this week. Out of the seven days, I worked out 60 minutes one day, 30 minutes two days, and some serious gardening one day. I managed to exercise 4 out of 7 days, so it's not HORRIBLE, just not where I wanted to be.  Apparently I have suddenly become tired of soup for breakfast, because I just can't bring myself to eat it. I ate some leftover red potatoes instead, and now am annoyed after looking up the nutritional facts. It's about twice the calories of the soup, so I'm already 150 calories above my normal diet, meaning I need to take that out of somewhere else.  Sigh. Some days the  bother  of counting calories is intolerable. It's not so much that I have a giant craving to eat excessively, it's that I have a giant craving to not OBSESS about it. I have other things I want to do besides count every bite that goes in my mouth. I've said it before, I'll say it again (and again): Dieting is the process of deliberately  creating an eating disorder  in an otherwise normal person.  In other news, I see Blogger has changed their interface a little bit, and offer new blog templates. Will I be tempted to change templates, and thus spend an entire day trying to tweak it to my liking? It's possible.  1:43 p.m. Here's what I have done today: Removed all the screens from the windows, washed them, and stored them in the garage. But Marla, you are no doubt saying, this is the time of year when you put screens ON the windows. Au contraire, mes freres: in the South, this is the time of year when you know you will not open a window again for five months, because it is too blasted hot. I will be living in A/C from now until October 15. Also: I have washed two loads of laundry plus a load of sheets, and put clean sheets on the bed and the guest bed. I have touched up the ceilings in every room in the house. Now I am preparing to go paint the foyer or whatever you call that little area where the stairs arrive upstairs. I also DID choose another template from Blogger, but I spent only 30 minutes dicking around with it. I am drinking a lot of water. I am not eating much. This is good. 
    
    


    
       7:36 a.m. Sunday, Day 132.  I feel a bit squirrelly today, like I have so many things to do I can never get caught up. I'm feeling overwhelmed. It's probably because I just worked three ten-hour days in a row, and then Saturday, so in fact I  haven't  been able to get things done. I need a day to recuperate from that. Once in a while I can step outside my current panic and see the larger picture like that, to realize, Oh yes, well of course it's perfectly normal to feel like this. But most of the time I'm to close to my own problems, too  in my own head  to see it. Probably that's when it helps to have a counselor of some type. That outsider's perspective to slap you upside the head.  So yesterday was another high day, 1971 calories. I got one of those new salads from McDonald's (it was okay) but I also succumbed to a small French fries. Huge calories. So today I really must compensate with an all-veggie day. Which then means I need to get to the grocery store this morning. After I eat my half-can of soup, there's not a thing in the house. Sunday morning is a good time to shop, the stores are empty, but I also want to get some serious yard work (digging and planting) done before it gets hot - supposed to be 88 degrees today.  I might have to shop while Bucko digs, which I think is a perfectly wonderful division of labor.  Did I mention that I wore the original Measurement Pants earlier in the week, and they were actually a bit loose? That was great. I'm really trying to show some progress this month, specifically to fit into the Measurement Shorts, and my losses have been so tiny they're barely measurable. But at least now I know that I  am  losing, be it ever so slowly.  12:19 p.m. A good day, squirrelliness mostly banished. Went shopping, got a lot of vegetables, and salmon was on sale for $2.99 a pound. Incredible. Bucko mowed the lawn, and I finished planting the bushes and installing the brick edging. Said edging requires a prodigious amount of digging, sweating, and cursing. So I have fulfilled my exercise quota for today. 
    
    


    
       7:15 a.m. Saturday, Day 130.  I’m awake much earlier than I want to be. I wanted to sleep in today. But three things prevented me: 1) cramps, 2) heat, and 3) the Tweet TWEET bird. I’m ready to go out there and get that thing with a shotgun. I’m certain there have been several Looney Tunes about that very scenario.  I have to work again today. On Saturday!  The proposal is nowhere near done. Warren is going to email me a section this morning, and then I can start printing and assembling. The copier/printer was giving me trouble yesterday, so I may have problems printing that many copies. Hello, Kinkos!  2399 calories yesterday, on my High day. Typical for me. I notice I don’t really eat more food on a High day, I just eat higher-calorie food.  Remember how this was supposed to be the Exercise Week? Nope. I was great Monday. I was great Tuesday. Wednesday nothing. Also Thursday and Friday nothing.  I think I can expect today will be nothing. I am NOT happy about that.  
    
    


    
       6:21 a.m. Friday, Day 130.  Once again, I could sleep for another couple hours. But a bird woke me up. This bird does not have a musical little chirp. It says “Tweet TWEET. Tweet TWEET, DAMMIT,” every couple seconds.   We are a little behind on the proposal production, and I would very much like to get out of The Orifice by COB today, so it will be helpful if I’m in early. Daisy is coming over for dinner, and although I  could  postpone that, I’d rather not, because we have a hard time getting together these days. What with her working daily and all.  So that’s what I’ll be doing today, a bunch of work. Which leads to another boring post. I’m impressed that my food intake has been good during this project. 1411 calories yesterday, 1548 the day before that. Look out, Measurement Shorts! 
    
    


    
       6:18 a.m. Thursday, Day 129.  I could sleep for another three hours, at least. The circles under my eyes have bags. I had some sort of recurring task-oriented dream last night (gee, big surprise after working on the proposal for ten hours straight) and so it was very unrestful. For some reason my brother Jimmy and I had walked (?) to Florence, South Carolina, and were having a difficult time finding our way back out. We kept being distracted by various entertainments and attractions, of which I wasn’t aware Florence had any.  I’m up early and already eaten my soup so that I can glide for half an hour before work. I did NO exercise yesterday, and that is not okay. So I’m feeling very brave and martyred. I’m thinking, How cool am I, that I can get up at 6 a.m. to exercise for 30 minutes in the comfort of my home, before I drive to my well-paid desk job where I will sit on my ass for 10 hours?  That’s the funny thing about “white collar” jobs: you’re supposed to feel humble and thankful that you don’t have to physically labor for a living. You’re supposed to feel privileged that you don’t have to dig, or carry, or cause things to move from this place to that. You’re not supposed to complain about the physical inactivity, even though that lifestyle is giving you stress, repetetive-motion disorders and back problems, and slowly killing you.  7:38 a.m. Managed 32 minutes of glider sprints. Yay me. Watched the beginning of “Lost in Translation,” and so far I really like it. There’s a wonderful scene where the girl (name?) wanders into an ikebana class, and she’s so at a loss as to what to do with the flower in her hand. It’s perfect — one must bring thought and reflection to ikebana, and she’s so empty she can’t muster up any idea. Her soul is just flat. I would like to contrast and compare this movie with “Gothika,” which is my vote for Worst Movie I’ve Seen This Year. What the hell was Halle Berry doing in a piece of crap like that? And why was Robert Downey Jr., there? I don’t mean, why is such a fine actor involved, as I did with Berry. I mean, what exactly was the purpose of his role? His character contributed NOTHING. Here are the three rules for writing dialogue: each pieces of dialog must 1) advance the plot, 2) develop the character of the actor, and 3) be interesting in and of itself. Downey did not utter one single line that did any of those things, for the entire movie. All I can figure is, someone owed him a favor and wrote in a part for him at the last minute. Also, the plot: Not believable, not scary, not logical. The cinematography: Oh, it’s all dark and blue. Oooh, how innovative. The writing: You know, it could have been really interesting to see the Berry character, a psychologist herself, doubting her own sanity. There were many fine moments of subtlety and nuance possible. However, they never materialized.  Now I am off to work for another 10-hour day. Yay, giant paycheck! 
    
    


    
       8:05 a.m. Wednesday, Day 128. Slept like the proverbial log last night. Must be the martinis. 1864 calories yesterday, which is fabulous for a large drinking day.   8:43 p.m. Spent ALL day at work. Ten hours. I am SO glad to be home. Tomorrow, a repeat of the same.  Just keep thinking "big paycheck."  
    
    


    
       6:15 a.m. Tuesday, Day 127.  Slept like HELL last night, once again highlighting the lack of predictability in the universe. Achieved an excellent 1331 calories yesterday, largely due to making stuffed green peppers for dinner. Vegetables rule; you can eat SO much for so few calories. I’m lucky I have the time to shop and cook.  In fact, I don’t think I could have come this far (35 pounds) if I had been working my normal full-time job. I sort of don’t like to admit that, because I don’t want to let myself off the hook if/when I work again, I don’t want it to become an excuse for not continuing to eat well and exercise. But I can’t deny that when the going gets tough at work, there’s no time for shopping and cooking. I’m just not going to grocery shop at 9 p.m., come home and unpack groceries, get in an hour of exercise, and up early the next morning to prepare stuffed green peppers. It’s not going to happen. So I’ve been formulating a plan in advance for how to deal with it, if/when. It involves a lot of frozen vegetables, and shopping on Sunday morning when the Believers are at church and I have the grocery store to myself. Preparing meals Sunday afternoon to put in the freezer for the week ahead. Gah. Well, I guess I’ll do what I have to do, but that doesn’t mean I’ll like it. Also, with the current economy, this is speculation of the most flagrant sort. Anyway, without meaning to WHINE about it, I want to point out that it's very difficult to lose weight/be healthy in the current average lifestyle.  I’m planning on doing the Cindy Crawford workout video this morning. It’s KILLER. I’ll probably do the 10-minute version, plus gliding, because I can’t handle the 30 minute workouts. She got a lot of press about this video many years ago when it was released, partly because of its visual style and Cindy’s ass, and partly because the movements are too fast and potentially harmful. The second part is not an issue to me, because Oh believe me, I cannot do those moves fast. I do a slow-motion version of what Cindy does. I like the video, though. It’s an entirely different style from most workout tapes. First of all, she's got this weird little Romanian guy cruising around, who turns out to be some sort of famous fitness expert, but I didn't know that, and he sort of wafts around her muttering instructions in heavily accented Dracula-style English, like "Now ve go de udder vay." Secondly, the moves are not complicated. You don’t have to pause and rewind to figure out what she’s doing. It’s like, lift your left foot. Put it down. Now lift your right foot. I can handle that. Thirdest, it’s not aerobics, or what used to be called aerobics. It’s more like... calisthenics. A type of exercise that’s gone out of favor since the advent of leg warmers in the 1970s. I like it, you get cardiovascular work AND stretching AND muscle-building. Fourthwhile, it has great music and great sets. It's not all  perky  like those Firm videos. Because the moves aren’t complicated, you don’t need to watch her every second. You can just listen to the music, and they change sets enough to make it interesting. The only thing I don’t like is that during one of the gritty, urban rooftop scenes, they bring down the music in order to let you hear a siren in the distance. I mean, big deal, Little Mister Video Producer. So it’s a siren. I’ve heard one before. This does not in any way increase the usefulness of the exercise or make it more appealing.  12:05 p.m. Planted five bushes - two large, three small. They look great. I didn’t realize how overgrown and sloppy our front entrance looked until I cat-sitted for the neighbor last week, and they had redone their landscaping. Yes, I’m trying to keep up with the Joneses. It’s been a good exercise day for me so far: 10 minutes Cindy, 30 minutes glider, five bush plantings. And now I’m going to go buy some paver bricks, which will involve loading and unloading into my car. And I’ll do butt clenches while I’m driving, so I look like Cindy. Oh yeah.  
    
    


    
       6:24 a.m. Monday, Day 126. I managed to come in at one pound lost, theoretically, last week. It was a struggle. I haven’t checked the calendar, but I think it’s a safe bet that hormonally I’m in the Hunger Week. Just can’t seem to eat enough. This week I will focus on exercise; I was very slack about that last week. I’m off to an encouraging start; I ate breakfast early, instead of surfing and writing for a couple hours, so that I can work out early, because I probably have to go to The Orifice today. And as I know from experience, there’s no way I will exercise  after  work. Just won’t happen.  The other day I had the television on, but not really paying attention to it, and I heard a snippet from a news story about new visa and/or passport security measures. What I heard is that there will now be “rectal scans.”  Eww. Can you imagine what the glass on the scanner will look like in just a few days?  Of course, in a few moments I realized they had actually said “retinal scans.” I suppose that makes more sense.  No discernable progress with the Measurement Shorts today. I can button and zip them, but they’re way too tight to wear. Same place as last week. One of my rewards, and in fact the only food-related reward, is that when I fit in the mShorts (a size 20) I want to have dinner at Capper’s, a restaurant we frequent for martinis and music, but where we cannot afford to eat. Last week we got a coupon in the mail for buy-one-entree-get-the-other-free. Unheard of, they never offer coupons. It expires May 31. That’s some sort of sign, right? So that’s my goal, peeps. I want to fit into those shorts by May 31. Can I do it?  It’s dark and rainy this morning. It was dark and rainy yesterday. And the day before. Considering the drought of recent years, I suppose I shouldn’t complain too much, but it’s getting me down. This is how I know I couldn’t live in a place like Seattle. I’m almost glad I’m going to work today, because if I didn’t I would mope around at home, not accomplish anything, eat too much, and feel guilty and sad. Work is such a FAR worse environment that the contrast will make me  appreciate  being depressed and alone.  8:49 a.m. Just did 30 minutes gliding. Harder than I expected, largely because I am so bored. I don’t have any good movies to watch, so I’m reduced to The Shaggy Dog (the original), which I loved as a child but which has lost its ability to hold my attention. Taking a little break, then I’ll try again at 9:00. It’s possible there will be something watchable on Dr. Phil. Glad I’ve got the 30 minutes done, though. No matter what else happens the rest of the day, I’ve accomplished something. I must grocery shop today, so I will also pick up some movies. This is my Exercise Week!  I’ve been thinking a lot lately about my emotional state, my past, whatever neuroses and psychoses I’ve picked up along the way. Partly because of  urlLink Erin’s  impending book, partly because of  urlLink this woman,  who is very bravely writing about things that so many of us have experienced but don’t have the courage or determination to bring to the light of day. She ROCKS.  Weirdly, I’ve never believed that fatness is caused by emotional issues. Or rather, that it’s not  necessarily  caused by emotional issues. You can call me Cleopatra if you want (Queen of de Nile), but I think it’s quite possible, and likely, that any given person is fat because of a combination of genetic disposition and poor behavioral training toward food. Not necessarily because of deep-seated mental problems, emotional neediness, poor self-esteem, childhood trauma, or whatnot. However, I think those things come into play when you’re trying to  lose  weight.  Losing weight is hard. Really hard. As we all know so well. Accomplishing an intensely difficult, long-term, sheer-gritting-the-teeth-with-determination goal is going to expose all your little mental foibles. Whether you’re losing weight, quitting drinking, getting a college degree, leaving an abusive spouse, climbing down a mountain with a broken leg, or any other large, life-changing event, you will end up examining and challenging your weaknesses and fears. You will spend A LOT of time inside your head.  It’s so punishing to be fat in this society, especially as a female, that it’s hard to determine which came first, the fatness or the self-esteem issues. It’s a chicken-and-egg puzzle that’s not really solvable. But I think it’s important that we stop thinking of ourselves as being fat because we have emotional problems.  Everyone  has emotional problems. Skinny people binge on junk food when they’re stressed just the same as fat people. The way that junk food affects your particular body, as opposed to the way it affects theirs, is not the measure of your mental health. It’s the measure of your body’s unique metabolism.  I don’t mean we should stop examining and solving our problems. I just mean that the fact that we can even attempt something as difficult as losing a significant amount of weight points to STRONG mental health, not weak.   12:18 p.m. Just got back from the store. I bought a large quantity of vegetables and fruit, and very cleverly did NOT buy any alcohol. If I don’t have it, I can’t drink it. This, I think, is the only thing that redeems me from being a card-carrying alcoholic: I am too lazy to drive the 4 miles to the nearest store to buy liquor. Or wine, actually. The nearest liquor store is 11 miles away. That’s the South for you. I also rented three movies — Gothika, Lost in Translation, and Secondhand Lions. I will state right now that I’m not expecting much from Gothika. I just want it to be scary and entertaining enough to watch the whole way through. The other two I’m keeping an open mind about. Lost in Translation was raved by the critics, hated by the public. I don’t know what anyone said about Secondhand Lions, but when I saw the preview several months ago I thought it had possibilities. If nothing else, I want to see Michael Caine and Robert DeNiro together. They are both capable of brilliant or lackluster going-through-the-motions performances. Which will it be? Apparently I am NOT going to The Orifice today, but am no longer worried about having a bad day. I ended up doing 60 minutes on the glider and have all sorts of projects I want to do, so I’m feeling optimistic and not depressed. Even though it’s still dark and rainy.  
    
    


    
       9:15 a.m. Sunday, Day 125. Last night I had five drinks, 4 pieces of toast with artichoke-spinach-crab dip, and a whopping piece of chocolate cake at 11:00 p.m. By all rights, I should feel miserable this morning. Instead, I slept all the way through, didn’t wake up once, had mild dreams, and feel great today. It’s bad enough that there is no justice in the universe; it’s intolerable that there is no consistency.  Naturally all of this came with a whoppin’ big caloric load. I figure 2452. Yikes. Not freaking out, though, because I have just over 2000 calories left for today and still come in at oppw.  I think I can manage that.   Painted the seat of that windsor chair with a pink seashell yesterday. Looks good. Not sure how I’m going to finish it. I want it semi-whimsical, but since the shell is a fairly realistic style, I can’t go TOO whimsical and yet maintain some consistency. Which we all know is my ground rule for the universe. 
    
    


    
       7:25 a.m. Saturday, Day 124. May Day!  At the grocery store I go to, there’s a hanging sign over the counter where they have all the cheese. It says “Cheeses of the World.”  I swear someday I am going in with a Sharpie and write “unite!” on the end of that.  Still feeling pretty crappy. Slept okay until 3:00, and then was restless the remainder of the night. Too-intense dreams, something about werewolves in the snow, something about a world where we all lived on boats, something about cats. Whatever, I tossed and turned, and probably got 5 hours sleep total. Question: What is moronic? Answer: Eating a quiznoids sandwich when you’re already suffering from MSG poisoning.  Ate a lot yesterday, I will have to try to compensate today. Friday is my high day, but it always scares me when I see the big number. I think: there’s still two days left in the week, I could still blow it! At this point I have 4540 calories left for the two days, to remain under goal, which should be PLENTY, but it still makes me nervous. Also, I got NO exercise yesterday, for which I am ashamed. I’ve been really uninterested in exercise lately, but because I’ve been doing so much yardwork, I’ve figured that’s a fair trade off. No really, I don’t think I’m lying to myself on this one. Digging up and pulling out stumps is definitely as much work as gliding for 30 minutes. It’s not the cute kind of gardening where you have a little trowel and a flower-printed knee pad to kneel on. This is the kind where you wear boots and carry around big rocks to act as a fulcrum, and sweat so much you become blinded at a critical moment, and end up with a giant bruise on your leg. Not that I’m complaining, I’m actually bragging.  Today I’m finishing painting all the trim in the dining room and living room. Then there’s just two rooms left downstairs to deal with. The office and the utility room. Will it never end? Yes. It will.  
    
    


    
       7:22 a.m. Friday, Day 123. 1-2-3. My god I feel awful. Drank too much, didn’t sleep well. My eyes are tiny, beady little slits this morning. And this is the day I go to The Orifice. Oh well, might as well feel gross there instead of at home.  Also I think I am still experiencing the tail end of the MSG, because in fact I didn’t drink  that  much. Not enough to account for feeling so crappy.  Well, good morning to you too, Little Miss Grumpy!   A reasonable “high” day yesterday — 1688.  I ate lightly all day and then brought chicken caesar salads, homemade potato salad, and Skinny Cow ice cream sandwiches to Daisy’s. Of which I ate one, and left the package at her house. I did NOT take the opportunity to weigh myself while there.  I think I am just now starting to lose again, as evidenced by the mShorts, but I’m afraid of what the scale might say. So I resisted the temptation because I didn’t want to get smacked with the discouragement stick. Next time. Maybe.  Progress Point: Some good news along that line: even though I’m not into the Measurement Shorts yet, I am now wearing the smaller size (22) jeans I bought way back when (February 24), for when the size 24s became too big. The 24s are now officially too big. These are the jeans that I think run small, so that the 22 is really  almost  a 20. So it’s good, I think I’m probably a 21.5 right now, if such a size existed.  4:30 p.m. Good news / bad news: we’ve gotten a one week extension on the proposal. G: I don’t have to work this weekend. B: I won’t have the giant paycheck.  It means I’ll be working next week, which is good, but I had some plans I will have to postpone. Marella and I were going to Habitat for Humanity, to see what kinds of furniture I could pick up to paint, and she was going to carry them back to my house in her truck.  In other bad news, I still feel awful. I’m totally blaming the MSG at this point, because I have HUGE black circles under my eyes, a sure sign. And I’m exhausted, and my muscles ache. I tried to have a little nap on the sofa, but couldn’t quite doze off. Early to bed tonight. Bucko is bringing home Quiznoids, and I am going to eat too much.  
    
    


    
       7:03 a.m. Wednesday, Day 183. Whoa, what's going on here? Another good night's sleep? I don't know what to think of this. Really I don't. 1437 calories yesterday, very nice.  Here's my plan for today: 1. Exercise 2. Look for job 3. Put the pine straw under the deck 4. Kill weeds with POISON, aha ha ha ha ha!  That's all I've got. I know it's not enough, will try to be more productive.  Here's something interesting. I cannot STAND to look at George W. Bush.  When he's on the news or delivering an address, I might listen, but not look. Because I can't STAND to look at him. I don't like hearing him either, that's nearly as bad, but somehow if I look at him I become enraged, filled with bitter disgust and horror. And you know what? I've heard LOTS OF PEOPLE say the same thing! That they can't look at him!  Concidence?  5:15 p.m. Accomplished items 1, 2, and 3. Somehow I didn't get around to Item 4. Well, not "somehow," I didn't get around to it because I just now finished writing and faxing a cover letter for a job. It's at a design studio, which is not my background (I'm corporate and scientific), so it was very hard to write. How to make myself sound like a catch? Also, needed to spiff up the look of my resume, I can't send a plain-text version to a design firm. So THAT took a while. The whole thing made me feel squirrely, I ended up spending 5 hours on the computer today and that sucks, plus I felt very pessimistic about getting this job, or ANY job. Listened to another meditation tape for 20 minutes, and I feel MUCH refreshed. I must try to keep that up.  Having a good eating/exercising day. 45 minutes of the Cardio Blast workout — maybe someday I'll get to an hour! Currently at 573 calories, right before dinner. Since it's a non-drinking night, I should do all right. I feel like if I get through this week with good numbers, then I'll be officially back on track. 
    
    


    
       7:00 a.m. Tuesday, Day 29.  Another decent night's sleep, woke up a couple times but only for a few minutes. I did start to worry about money, but I had my meditation tape ready in the little boombox, so I played that very softly and fell back asleep. MUCH better than turning on the TV; that will only keep me awake longer. I really like these tapes (actually I have CDs), and would highly recommend them to anyone. They're from  urlLink Health Journeys.   All the tapes I have are narrated by Belleruth herself, so I can't speak for any of the other types on the site. She originally started making the tapes at home for her patients — it's an interesting story, you can go read it yourself. Anyway, there are tapes for both physical and mental concerns, something for everybody.  Here are my plans for today: 1. Exercise 2. Call E. Garden and see if they want to put some of my furniture in the store. 3. Finish Photoshop tutorial (so close!) 4. Find a damned job! 5. Sugar my legs. Again.  1:42 p.m. Having a decent day so far, got a lot done and eating well. Item 1: 45 minutes on the glider. Item 2: Called and am waiting for return call. 3. Tutorial became so stupid and incomprehensible I am finishing with the built-in help in Photoshop itself. 4. Applied to two jobs. 5. Semi successful. It went better than last time, but still not ideal. I suspect it is too hot and humid to get good results.  4:48 p.m. Talked to the E.Garden woman, and am sending her photos of my furniture. She has looked at them before, and my prices were too high, but now I am desperate enough to come down. So we'll see... I really do want to sell them, but I'm not willing to sell them for less than what it cost me to do them, which includes a reasonable fee for my time. If I'm going to give them away, I will give them to friends, which I will do if no sales result within, let's say 6 months. Then I sat down for 20 minutes and did a little relaxation meditation. I'm trying really hard to battle the stress, because it's messing up my dieting. I can't clamp down any harder on my eating, that's counterproductive. I need to eliminate the stress that's making me want to eat. I think I'm getting a handle on it. It occured to me while meditating that my worrying about getting a job will not make it happen. So long as I make my best efforts to get one, sending out resumes and calling people and whatnot, that's all I need to do. Worrying about it is not going to affect my chances in any positive way — I'm going to either get the job or not. DUH! 
    
    


    
       6:55 a.m. Monday, Day 182. So far, so good. Had relatively undisturbed sleep last night, so I have an edge on the day.  An acceptable though not stellar week last week. According to my chart, I should have lost 1 pound.  I'm not confident that's true; it doesn't FEEL like I lost weight. I mean, I wouldn't be able to tell the difference of one pound, but it feels like I ate too much and exercised too little to lose weight. I don't know what to think of this — how useful are subjective opinions like that? I have to say, probably not very.  Yet it's still nagging at my mind; maybe my brain is smart enough to know that weight loss is not occuring, and is trying to signal me somehow by planting these "thoughts" and "feelings" in my mind. Hmm, yes.  Since I don't weigh myself, I can't check the scale every week to see what's working and what's not. Anyway, I don't think weighing oneself is a good way to measure; body weight fluctuates too much from day-to-day for it to be a good indicator except over long periods of time.  I do know I am no closer to fitting in the Measurement Shorts. Here it is almost July, and I haven't made any progress with them since mid-May. Therefore, it's obvious that something isn't working. Heh, that  something  is me. I hate to admit it (boy do I hate to admit it) but I have been slacking on tracking the calories. I used to overestimate, and I think recently I've been going the other way, trying to present the best-case. Which, obviously, is not fooling anyone.  For quite a while now, I've been having a hard time keeping portions small, and to some extent the type of food I'm eating. I'm pretty sure it's caused by the stress. I don't obsess about food until I can't have it — that's a problem I've faced every time I've tried to diet. It just creates a PANIC in me.  It's an unfounded panic, because on this diet I'm eating plenty of food and eating frequently. I need to re-read the beginning of my journal, and try to figure out how I managed it then. It occurs to me I'm looking in the wrong direction now; I'm concentrating on food issue, and what I really need is to focus on the stress.  If I relieve the stress, the food problem will disappear along with it; if I focus on the food I'll just become more stressed and both problems will get worse.  Okay, well, glad I solved that little problem (dusts hands off briskly). If anyone has ideas for how to cope with this food panic, let me know.  I want to stop treading water and start losing again!  LATER. I read through the beginning of my journal, and picked out some key concepts I learned along the way. I've let these ideas slip away recently, so I need to go back to school!  - Make sure there is plenty of delicious healthy food in the house. It's when the cupboard is bare that I get squirrelly and want to eat everything in sight.  - Practice "mindful eating," i.e., decide how much I will eat before I sit down to eat it.  - Make exercise a priority. Make it the most important thing I do today — put it ahead of showering, brushing my teeth, or working.  - Take it a week at a time. How much can I accomplish  this  week?  - Drink a lot of water. Oh, a lot. A lot.  - Institute some sort of accountability. For me, that is writing in my journal. Talking it out. I used to write in here every two hours; now I'm doing it once a day, and I rarely write about weight. I need to go back to every two hours.  Today's spam: Honorable O. Rosana, Ethiopia L. Couriers.  10:06 a.m. Found a great workout program on Fit TV. I think it's called "Cardio Blast." It seems like The Firm, with weights and a high step. Like half cardio, half strength. I thought it was a 30 minute program, and so when 28 minutes were up and we hadn't done cool-down, I finally became suspicious. Yep, it's a 60-minute show. Couldn't quite make it, but I did 45 minutes. Not bad.  It was a good hard workout, and none of the complicated dance moves that make me hate aerobics. The instructor wasn't annoying, and she showed signs of fatigue now and then, which is weirdly encouraging. So I give it a thumbs up, and will try to do it again.   Here's my plan for today: 1. Exercise (done) 2. Grocery shop 3. Hardware store - miscellaneous items 4. Bank (deposit two tiny checks) 5. Lunch 6. Return calls to the recruiters and Warren 7. Finish Photoshop tutorial  5:31 p.m. Accomplished everything except Item 7. I spent almost 2 hours on it today, but I have one more chapter to go, Advanced ImageReady. It's been a good day — I feel more energetic and rededicated to My Noble Cause. Had an understanding email from a fellow blogger about my hostile rant yesterday - thanks, I appreciate that!  I have a little more to say on the subject, will pick it up again later. In other positive news, I haven't been starving all day, so hopefully that's over.  I had a Healthy Choice meal for lunch, and I can't really say anything good about it. I rarely buy the pre-packaged meals, but I just didn't have the energy to deal with preparing food myself. It was too salty, and the little dessert was too sweet, sickeningly sugary sweet. So probably won't be going that route again.  No news yet from the recruiters, I'm still in the running for two temp jobs and one permanent job. Warren says the proposal was a false alarm, it's going to be done at our corporate headquarters. I'm sort of relieved, but on the other hand I really need the money, if none of these jobs come through. Wait and worry, wait and worry... 
    
    


    
       6:57 a.m. Sunday, Day 181.  I feel... okay.  I think I managed 6 hours of sleep, which is refreshing. However, I was massively oversalted yesterday, and I can definitely feel the effects. Possibly even MSGed, because my entire back is sore, as are my shoulders and arms. That's one way it affects me, some sort of muscle inflammation.  For the past three or four days, I've felt like I simply cannot eat enough. I am hungry CONSTANTLY. I put food in my mouth, and ten minutes later I'm hungry again. So it's been a real struggle this week. Yesterday, after eating two eggs for breakfast (unusual for me), I immediately ate a large salad and half an ounce of cheese. Then a carrot. And I was STILL hungry.  I decided to just have a big-ass meal and get it over with. Like maybe I just needed to "get it out of my system." We went to Eastern Buffet, a very inexpensive restaurant frequented by Mexican painting contractors that prepares Chinese food in Southern form. Let no one tell you that we here in the South are not multicultural and cosmopolitan! The spices are more redneck than Asian, so perhaps that could qualify it as some sort of trendy fusion cuisine. I started off with a large pile of green beans and zucchini. Probably three cups. Went back for three pieces of "sushi" (no actual fish involved), 2 tablespoons of Pepper Chicken (tastes exactly like KFC), a slice of beef on a skewer, and a spring roll (didn't eat; one bite and all I could taste was old cooking oil. Yuck!). On the third trip, got a pile of watermelon, a couple little slices of honeydew melon, and a 1-inch-square "German chocolate cake."  Now, how good do you think a German chocolate cake in a Chinese restaurant that cooks redneck style and caters to contractors would be? Yes, exactly. However, I ate it anyway.  I think it worked, as far as getting it out of my system, because I ate lightly for dinner and don't feel so crave-ish today.  It wasn't a terrible meal, nutrition-wise or calorie-wise, the main drawback was the very large amount of salt. But since I had it for lunch instead of dinner, I had more hours remaining in the day to drink BUCKETS of water and sort of flush myself out. So I'm not feeling wretched this morning, but not fabulous either.  I've got to be PMSing, but I'm too lazy to go upstairs and check my calendar. Let's just assume I am. For one thing, I was so terribly depressed Friday (remember how depressed I was?) and for another, last night I was watching the Trading Spaces outtakes show, and Amy Wynn fell down skateboarding and skinned her elbow, and I CRIED.   That doesn't sound like PMS to you, does it? Naaah.  Today's spam is from Outranking H. Ravined and Bookkeeper Wang.  I would now like to write about something that is probably obvious to everyone except me, but I just realized it this morning. My idea is, that if something happens to hurt you, and you do not have the tools to cope with it, that hurt doesn't go away. It isn't resolved or lessened or shed. When you get to a level of sophistication or competence where you can take that kind of hurt in stride, it has no bearing on the previous hurt, it doesn't miraculously cure it. Emotional hurts require  immediate  treatment, and if no help is available, it doesn't heal. Putting a bandage on it ten years later is not a solution. (Warning: cursing and an incredible amount of paranoid hostility toward faceless strangers follows.)  Here's what I mean: I was watching a biography about Marianne Faithful this morning, and one of her school chums said words to the effect of "Marianne was an innocent and good kid, but she was never successful at being good, because her looks made people believe she was a bad girl and that's how they treated her."  The idea being that she was forced into the role that others wanted for her. And I really recognized part of my own formative years in that description, because absolutely I was forced into a role (but not Fat Girl this time, surprise!). When I was 12, I suddenly grew breasts. Within the space of less than one school year, I went from little-girl-flat to a full C cup. Added to this, I was "chubby," as it was called them, which began to manifest itself in my hips and bust. So I was an extremely curvy girl with big tits and long blonde hair, and rather pretty also. Oh, I will stop being modest: at 12 years old I was a knockout. And it was HORRIBLE. Because, contrary to popular belief and a very misguided South Park episode, having large breasts is not a pleasant experience. People do NOT treat you better because of them, they treat you disrespectfully and cruelly. Somehow they think you grew these things on purpose, that you have complete control over the situation, but oh my god you're so stupid and such a bimbo you didn't even know when to quit!  Especially if your peers are hormone-raging boys and that-bitchy-phase girls, you will receive harassment and humiliation, not admiration or preferential treatment. You understand, I'm not saying that large breasts SHOULD get you those things, but that it's a misconception they do. What they really get you is scorn, ugly jokes, and a whole lot of highly embarrassing and inappropriate commentary from simply everyone, including friends, hairdressers, sales clerks, teachers, neighbors, doctors, and of course total strangers.  That was one of the most hurtful aspects to me — adults suddenly started treating me like a whore, especially my friends' mothers. At 13, I was nerdy, had never dated a boy, never been kissed, and still occasionally played with dolls. Yet adult women were reacting to me as though I was a crack-smoking prostitute, trying to snatch their girl children away from my evil influence and prevent me from knocking their husbands down and having my way with them. Grown men made some very inappropriate, illegal, and explicit moves on me. Guys yelled at me in public all the time, and they didn't yell things like "You're really pretty and I think you're nice and I would like to take you to a movie or something." They yelled things like "Hey Tits! Hey, can I fuck your tits?" And like I said, it started when I was TWELVE. (I have puh-lentee more examples, but that's enough to get the point across). I wasn't even entirely sure what the sex act consisted of, at that age, and men were yelling explicit sexual comments to me, in front of other people, which made it even more horrific. Because then all THOSE people stared at me. Jesus. And the gross gross gross thing is, part of me wanted the attention. ANY attention. Parents, this is what all the psychologists and Dr. Phil and everyone is talking about when they tell you to raise your kids with self-esteem and the belief that they are loved. Because a kid who feels her parents HAVE HER BACK is not vulnerable to looking for attention, love, and validation from some creepy guy who wants to fuck a 13-year-old.*  Right, so I DID have a point in this story. My point is, I understand what Marianne Faithful's friend was saying, because I went through a similar situation. Too many people insisted on treating me like a slut, based simply on outward appearance. Too many people in my life wouldn't allow me any other role, and not enough people cared to support my being any other way. And duh, of course that's how I began to behave. And THAT is my point about hurts like that not going away. Sure, NOW I could cope with that. NOW if some guy yelled at me I would have a few things to yell back, and it would not keep me up nights worrying and it wouldn't sink into my psyche and horrify me for the rest of my life. But that's NOW. I didn't have those tools then, and I can't retroactively apply my current emotional strength (such as it is) to the past. So how does one get rid of that stuff?  Because it's still there.   *I know a lot of people become indignant and self-righteous when others complain about their childhood and assign blame to their parents. So, since I'm using the F word rather freely today and PMSing to boot, I'll say this: Fuck You. I will complain and blame as I see fit, and if you have a problem with that, I see one of two possibilities: 1. You did not have a dysfunctional, literally insane, child-abusing parent and therefore have NO idea what you're talking about, absolutely no credibility to act self-righteous, so sit down and shut up; or 2. You DID have the childhood from hell but believe you have now "fixed yourself," and selfishly have no patience with others who aren't as far along the road as your wonderful self, in which case, sit down and shut up. And this ends my hostility for the day. Presumably. 
    
    


    
       7:24 a.m. Saturday, Day 180. Feeling so-so.  I slept until 5:00, but that was all I could manage. Now I'm burny-eyed and loveless. A reasonable day yesterday, food and exercise-wise. Not quite what I wanted, in order to compensate for Thursday, but not bad. I was fairly exhausted all day from the martini-fest and the anxiety of dealing with THREE different recruiters for THREE different jobs. One of them is a permanent technical writer position that I DO NOT WANT, but feel compelled to take (if offered) because we need some $$, but fast. And THEN, in mid-afternoon Warren from The Orifice emails me with a heads-up about a big proposal due end of July, with hours for me. Good lord, what next?  Which way should I jump? I've been on the phone and email for four or five hours a day for the past week, and it's wearing me down. Yeah, I know, it doesn't sound like any big deal, having employment possibilities I desperately need, and you're wondering what my problem is that I'm whining about it. It's because, in case I haven't made clear before, I am a highly introverted weaselly-type person, and too much time spent with other people really does exhaust me. This week was full of barbed-wire contacts — the recruiters, phone interviews, going to The Orifice and running shrieking away, etc. These are not pleasant, no-pressure interactions with kindly friends, these are situations that are, for me, full of sharp edges and splinters.  So anyway, what was my point? Oh yeah, yesterday I did 30 minutes on the glider, and it was a HUGE struggle to make myself do it, so I'm giving myself several bonus points. AND I did it at 3:00 p.m., which deserves triple points, because first thing in the morning is my exercise time, and no other. So this week's Focus On Exercise is an offical success. Yay me.  Here are some wonderful people who have sent me spam recently: Euphemism J. Inflammation, Embalmed Q. Refracting, and Moderators K. Pencil. Love it. 
    
    


    
       7:24 a.m. Friday, Day 179. Holy cow, them martinis add up!  Let's just say that in binary, my calories yesterday were 00110010 00110011 00111000 00110001! Much compensation today, in the form of salad and water.  I feel surprisingly good for someone who drank so much and had restless sleep (o the dreams). I saw something on the news the other day about teenagers who watch too much television having the same type of insomnia I do (waking up in the middle), and that it also makes them irritable and stupid. Or words to that effect. Oh my god, I thought, that's ME! I'm a surly teenager! But why should this phenomenon be limited only to teenagers? Since it was a local news report there was little or no scientific information, so I'm not sure what the exact mechanism is, except they mentioned the bright light from the TV. I couldn't tell if they meant overall TV exposure, or only when falling asleep (that's me), and whether the light from the computer monitor has the same effect (one would assume). They didn't mention content at all, which would also be a factor. Televison programming after 9:00 is nothing but death, autopsies, murder, and other crimes. It's depressing as hell, not a good frame of mind to fall asleep with. 
    
    


    
       7:23 a.m. Thursday, Day 178. Not entirely sure how I feel today. I had too many dreams last night and so was restless. It's been awhile since that's happened, and I don't miss it at all. 1557 calories yesterday, and 30 minutes gliding. Not bad, but I could do better. It's been hard getting back into the habit of exercise. That's another thing I haven't missed! I know that I'll feel better when I build up a couple weeks of daily exercise, but right now it just feels like an annoyance.  urlLink Yvonne  is walking around with a pedometer, and finding out she's not as active as she thought. I don't think I'd even bother with it; I'd be surprised if I hit 2000 steps on my busiest day. Hmm, there's a lesson to be learned there. Maybe... maybe... I should MOVE more? Interesting concept. My first reaction is: it's too damned hot. And it is; in this neck of the woods, one does not walk around outside in the summer. Yeah, it's not just an excuse, believe me.  I guess I could walk around the mall with the seniors, and be humiliated that they're all in better shape than I am. That sounds like so much trouble (nearest mall 14 miles away), I think I'd rather just make myself glide more. But, I'm going to put this idea up for consideration and get back to you. We'll do lunch.  6:15 p.m. Oh my, what a gross day. I decided to go to The Orifice, so I could use the PC there to learn Microsoft Project, and secondarily do a web tutorial on Access. THAT didn't go well - the Project help is ABYSMAL and I couldn't find any sort of manual or download reference. Does it even exist? Then it turned out my Access is WAY older than the version on the web tutorial - so outdated I couldn't really use it. THEN I started having connection problems and getting 404s constantly, even after several restarts. While these technical issues were going on, I was also being driven insane by the accountant and somewhat by the receptionist, who are bored out of their minds and eager for someone new to talk to. I was rude to the accountant to the point where hopefully she will never speak to me again, and I don't feel the least bit guilty. It did, however, combine to make an unpleasant and unproductive experience, so I left after about an hour, bought martini fixings, some cheap jewelry at the dollar store, and came home to drink. Aaaah, it was lovely. Tomorrow, of course, the caloric compensation. 
    
    


    
       7:54 a.m. Wednesday, Day 177.  Feeling good today. Slept almost all the way through. Had some weird dreams, and when I woke up from that around 2:30, I stayed awake for 20 minutes or so, because I didn't want to go right back to sleep and into the dream. Sort of a nightmare, but more adventure than fright. Yeah, yeah, whatever. An excellent 1475 calories yesterday. Daisy made turkey chili, I brought California rolls, pineapple, and grapes. Moderate drinking and much much talking. Her new job is going well, although she is incredibly busy. They have so many projects they want her to take on. I think they're excited to finally have some one on board who can do these things. Also she gave me a little present for our mutual birthday, which you can see if you click on the Pictures link --> and look in the Various photo album.  I didn't get her  anything.  
    
    


    
       6:57 a.m. Tuesday, Day 176.  Good and bad to report today.  Bad first: I whacked my back muscles again, and could hardly sleep last night. This will also affect my ability to exercise today. I will try to do something with little impact. This is  my "refocus on exercise" week, and damned if I'm going to weasel out of it. Also bad: giant zit on my chin. Good news: 1573 calories yesterday, even after gorging on eggrolls. Man, those were good.  Tonight, dinner at Daisy's house. I'm bringing dessert, so I will make sure to get fruit instead of brownies. I am still having a hard time with the portions, and resisting yummy food. But I'm not overeating, in fact I seem to be maintaining my weight perfectly, so apparently I have found the exact right long-term diet for me. Unfortunately, I want to still be in the weight-LOSS phase, not the weight-MAINTAINING phase. I've been in a mind-set where it's really difficult to deprive myself of anything. I know it's the stress, I'm relying too much on food as a reward and comfort. When I have a really crappy day, it just feels like too much additional punishment to deny myself the pleasure of eating.  It's that control thing, again. I remember when I was a kid, and I hated school and my family was insane, and that I regarded my life as unceasing drudgery and horror, so that sometimes dinner was the only good thing that was going to happen to me all day. If dinner sucked, I felt cheated and betrayed. So I have to make sure that the food I prepare is delicious and attractive, which there is no reason it shouldn't be, as well as look beyond food for comfort and distraction. I'm not freaking out about it; I've been reminding myself that I've lost 40 pounds, and that's an achievement even if I never lose another ounce. Which I WILL, this isn't loser talk. No no no.  12:41 p.m. Weirdness. A recruiter I haven't talked to since 2002 just called me about a position. Unfortunately, it seems to be the same one I was submitted for yesterday. She might have another one, though. Managed 30 minutes of walking this morning. Seems to have helped my back, if anything. Yay. I've been job hunting since 8:30 this morning, emailing and talking on the phone, and I'm sick of it. I want to sit outside for 30 minutes to even up the hellaciously weird uneven suntan/burn I got at the beach. Four days of sun exposure, each with a different style top. I look like someone played tic tac toe on my back. It's awfully cloudy, though. I don't know what the UV index is today. 
    
    


    
       7:26 a.m. Monday, Day 175.  I am still full from last night. We ended up going to a Mexican restaurant with Marella and Jaeger and their son, for Father's Day, and I blew my remaining calories there. It's okay, I ended up  just  under my oppw calories. Which is nice, because out of the past 5 weeks, I've scored "0 pounds lost" 4 times.  This week, my mini-goal is to refocus on exercise. I let it go when I was doing so much work on the house, but now I'm not, so I must exercise regularly in the morning again. We're in a tough time of our lives right now, and I need to feel as good as possible to get through it. I expect the next couple months to be highly stressful as we run out of  money, try to sell the house, buy a new house, get a mortgage, and try to find a job. Yeah, actually, I don't even want to think about it. It's too early.  In other news, yesterday we found a "normal" neighborhood that we both liked. We're so into (especially me) the "loft" concept that regular houses are not even appealing. But this was a really cool neighborhood, with older houses, heavily wooded, large lots, but right in town. The kind of neighborhood that used to be out in the boonies ten years ago, but town grew up around it. Perfect. We picked up one flyer (there weren't many houses for sale, a good sign), and it was just slightly above what I would consider our top range. But it was a somewhat large house, giving me hope that we could afford something smaller in the area.  Here are the things I would like to accomplish today: 1. exercise 2. sugar my legs 3. find job  12:38 p.m. Item 1 accomplished. Making efforts in Item 3, i.e., I've sent my resume to a couple consulting places, and someone has passed my name on to a recruiter who is looking to fill a state position. We've already emailed and talked on the phone briefly. The contract is 160 hours, which is perfect, because it would be a good paycheck but not a long-term commitment. I don't think my chances of getting it are high, however. It's work I can do, but not work I specialize in, so there may be better candidates. Also, I had to turn in my resume before I saw the position description, so I didn't tailor it for this specific job. We'll see.  She's also interested in me as a freelancer to do some design work for her company. And now I am going to turn my attention to Item 2. Yeeowch!  2:20 p.m. Had to give up on #2. I don't know why, but it's not working. It's every bit as painful and irritating as if I were ripping out my hairs by the roots, but no actual hairs are leaving my body. I don't get it — it's the same formula I always use, my skin is clean and dry, etc. Maybe too humid today? Anyway, I'm giving it up because I'm getting all the pain and no gain. Having a hard time settling down to anything today. I ought to get the house put back together, and it seems very slow going. We've got bits and pieces all over, because of tearing up the downstairs, and it's a lot of work to track down the pieces and decide where to put them, or whether they should be packed, and acting accordingly. I'm kind of flitting from room to room and not quite finishing anything. At least I'm eating well today — my half can of soup for breakfast, and for lunch a bowl of bean salad with a banana. I'm having a glass of tomato juice now for a snack. Tonight I plan to make those eggrolls I took to Topsail; Bucko missed out because we'd eaten them before he got there. 
    
    


    
       6:59 a.m. Sunday, Day 174.  Feeling okay today, slept pretty well. 1993 calories yesterday. Not great, but not bad for a Saturday. Not sure what I'm doing today. I think Bucko will mow the lawn, and there's still furniture and belongings to be put back or packed.   You know I am not of the psychoanalytic school of thought when it comes to weight loss — I look at it as a physical process, not mental. HOWEVER:  urlLink this girlie  has quite a good description of realizing her psychological hurdles, and I found myself identifying with a good deal of it, particularly the "using it to stay myself" aspect.  I realized a long time ago that I am sometimes quite  resentful  that I should "have to" lose weight.  For good or bad, being fat is my identity, and being told to change that identity, to change my SELF, is infuriating and hurtful.  8:45 a.m. So what is it with me and the fatalism? I'm WAY beyond pessimistic. Bucko pointed out that whenever I talk about moving, I say something like "I'll miss this house because we'll never have such a nice place again." And I've decided that I'll never again have a good-paying job. Or a job that I like. I've somehow decided — and "decide" is the right word — that from now on I'm going to be poor, unhappy, and unfulfilled. Damn. I mean, could I maybe experiment with a mode of thought where I at least  hope  my life will improve? I'm going to try this. The other day, when I went to the trendy store, I was teetering on the verge of being terrified. Because I haven't the slightest bit of confidence or self-esteem, deliberately putting myself into a situation of possible rejection is like holding my hand over a fire. Anyway, I could feel myself getting ready to freeze with fear, and I kind of talked myself out of it. I thought "Okay, we've already tried the panic mode of behavior, many times, and it hasn't worked out well. What if this time, just for an experiment, we try being calm and unafraid?"  I assumed the attitude, I  put it on,  just as I put on my clothes and jewelry. It's part of the outfit.  And it seemed to work pretty well. And I wondered, not for the first time, if for some reason I MAKE myself panic. That somehow I feel it's appropriate, or even that it's  required.  Sometimes I have the tiniest sense that I'm NOT unconfident, I'm not scared, it's that I've somehow internalized the idea that I'm supposed to be, and so that is how I will act/react, even if I have to force myself into it.  You had no idea I'm such a psycho mess, did you? Hee. 
    
    


    
       3:49 p.m. Saturday, Day 173.  Trying to get the house put back together today. A lot of work. I've decided to put out whatever furniture I have that's for sale, with a tag — there will be realtors walking through here, and I might as well take advantage of that sitch. We haven't yet engaged a realtor, I guess that's the next step. That, and finding a place to live. Daisy knows a commercial realtor, and we've been trying to arrange to get together with him, just to get a feel for whether it's remotely possible for us to buy some kind of industrial space on our budget. I would say a loft, except that's not literally what I mean. These days, a loft is a tiny expensive apartment with very high ceilings, in what may have been commercial space, but not necessarily. I'm talking old-style loft, as in concrete floors, bare walls, huge amount of space. It doesn't have to be the second story, in fact it would be nice to get a small two-story building. Bottom floor studio, second floor living space.  That's probably in the daydream category, but we won't know unless we try, hence we need to talk to a commercial realtor. In the meantime, I am all freaked out about how we will get a mortgage when I have no income. I'm so afraid of it, I haven't taken any steps to find out where we stand. I've heard different things from people, like if you can put down 20 percent, you won't have a problem getting a loan. I don't know if that's true, and I've really been hiding my head in the sand, or some other warm, dark place. You'd think a person would get to be 43 years old and be more sophisticated, right? Sheesh. However, I'm reaching critical mass with the stress, and I think that's what enabled me to go to the gallery yesterday. Other parts of my life are just so damned scary that making a cold call was easy, in comparison. 
    
    


    
       7:21 a.m. Friday, Day 172. Feeling much improved today. My back is not quite back to normal (har! "back" to normal!) but it's much less painful. A stunning 1369 calories yesterday. I think it's mostly because I was trapped upstairs for a large part of the day, with no access to snacks. Hmm. I think I should learn something from that. The computer is back up this morning, so I have transcribed my little scribbles from yesterday. I'm more optimistic about losing weight than I have been in quite some time. Not sure why, maybe just getting a good night's sleep, that does a lot for one's attitude. I'm planning on going to one of the trendy stores here in town to pimp my furniture, and I'm vacillating between terror and confidence. Trying to stay on the confidence side of the line. There's nothing to be afraid of. There's nothing to be afraid of. I think I'll be okay. I decided to do it yesterday, this morning I looked up the address on Yah00 Maps, I vacuumed out the trunk of my car, and put two tables in the back. I've got my portfolio packed, and business cards. Now my greatest hurdle is figuring out what to say. Seriously, that's the most difficult part to me, whether in person or over the phone. I walk up to the counter, I open my mouth and out comes: "****."  What comes out? What are the words?  I got a spam with the subject line of "gorgeous intolerant."  That's so much more intriguing than "V~i_c_o`din 0n1ine today". Did I read it? No. But still...  On another unrelated topic, have you noticed that my random post headlines often make sense? It's accidental. Or perhaps I should say coincidental. Either that or I have begun to write to the headline.  1:44 p.m. Okay, guess who just got back from the trendy little gallery store, without having died or fainted or vomited? Yes, me. It went quite well, except for them not actually buying anything from me. But she seemed quite impressed with my stuff, and I left pictures for her to show her husband (she says he does the buying), and also she does interior design, and of her own accord without any prompting from me, brought up the idea of my doing commission work for her clients. So it was a good contact, and I have already written a thankyou card and put it in the mail, along with some more pictures. Keeping my fingers crossed.  Daisy is off to her parents' this weekend, for Father's Day, which sucks because I have many many stories to tell her about Topsail and That Asshole and the trendy store. Since Bucko and I have no fathers and no children, it's just another day. I feel gipped. 
    
    


    
       7:41 a.m. Thursday, Day 171. Oh man this sucks. I pulled a muscle in my back yesterday, moving furniture. I could barely walk down the stairs this morning, clutching the banister and going one step at a time. Ate breakfast right away so I could take aspirin. The downstairs is bare now, for the carpet, excluding the big furniture like the sofa, which the carpeters will deal with. They should be here in an hour. I guess I will spend the day upstairs. There's TV, a bathroom, and all my books, so I won't be bored.  Ate well yesterday, about 1548 calories. I had a big salad for first course of dinner, so I wouldn't overload on pizza — a good strategy. I am glad I'm back in the mindset of making plans like that, instead of eating whatever "happens" to come along. I can't afford that laissez-faire attitude.  9:30 a.m. The carpeters are here and have already started ripping up. I'm watching Seven Years in Tibet. It's pretty good.  [later: had to give up on it; the carpeters are making such a racket removing tack strips that I can't hear anything, and it's not close-captioned.]  3:30 p.m. The carpet looks great. Same color as the old one but softer and of course cleaner. Spent most of the day in the bedroom reading Their Eyes Were Watching God. Fantastic novel, the language is incredible. It's written in dialect, or whatever you call that, so I can't just skim the letters quickly and understand the words, I have to sound it out in my head. So it's slow, and like listening to someone talk. It's such a rich story, lots of ideas to chew on. I am devastated to discover that it was an Oprah book recently. I suppose that doesn't affect my experience with it, but I've noticed that a lot of Oprah books are pointless and vacant. More about that another time. 
    
    


    
       7:52 a.m. Wednesday, Day 170. I'm back to my pattern of waking up at 2:00 or 3:00 a.m. At least Comedy Central is running the old What's My Line Anyway shows. 1857 calories yesterday, not so great. Maybe I'll finally become so embarrassed at revealing my half-assed dieting in my blog that it will shame me into doing better. That was my hope, anyway.  It's at this point, where I KNOW what I need to do and am not able to DO it, that I start questioning my motives, my beliefs, whether I am subconsciously sabotaging my weight loss efforts for some sort of unhealthy emotional payoff. Very Dr. Phil, you know?  But here is my answer: bullshit.  I just don't buy into that "hidden emotional cause for obesity" crap. Maybe people are fat because their bodies, due to nature or nurture, deal with energy differently from other people. Now, I'm not talking about someone who consistently eats 6000 calories a day, but that's not me, so it's irrelevant. So duh, of course it's hard to stay on a diet. No one likes depriving themselves of something they enjoy, and enjoying food is not some especially mentally-disturbed activity. It's  normal  to like food.  Anyways, I've said all that before. For some people, it's going to help them in their dieting to psychoanalyze themselves, and if so, more power to them. For me, it helps to drop that baggage entirely — the introspection just derails me from my goal. As they say, analysis brings paralysis. (who said it, anyway?)   9:54 a.m. I got a sort-of response to one of my resumes already. At least, they asked me to send it in Word format and wanted to know my rate. As much as you will pay me, is what my rate is. It's grotesquely humid today. I'm moving more furniture out to the garage. Bucko is going to pack up the computers tonight. He's asked a friend to help, so we'll get pizza and beer and have a gay old time. I might not be posting for a day or two, until they're put back together.  3:19 p.m. Back from Kinkos, a little discouraged about the cost to print a postcard. I'm going to call regular printers now; compared to $1.24 per impression, it might be cheaper. Also trying to get a hold of the Employment Security Commission to find out whether I'd be eligible for unemployment, if The Orifice lays me off. Hard to say, since I'm part-time. The number has been busy for the last 42 minutes. Yeah, great economy. Please please please no more Bush. I don't give a fart in a high wind about Kerry, but please god no more Bush.   More things I am too old to understand,  specifically when young people write in with a problem and receive advice (you all know what site I'm talking about, and I wish to point out that I am  not  criticizing the often excellent advice provided there):  Sample Question: "I went out with this guy, and then we broke up, and then we went to college, and then we got back together, and then we broke up, and then we moved, and then I dated his friend, and now we're together, and blah blah blah blah."  My Answer: "Dude. There are more than two people on this planet. Go date someone else, for Christ's sake." 
    
    


    
       7:58 a.m. Tuesday, Day 169.  Slept quite well last night, glad to be back in my own bed, until 5:00 a.m., when I had one squirrelly stress dream after another. But overall I feel rested. I'm back on track with soup for breakfast. I didn't count my food well while I was gone, so I won't try to come up with statistics for last week. A fresh start today. I did eat a lot of fish and shrimp, but unfortunately much of it was fried. I mean, it's Topsail Island, everything is fried, even the beer. I drank a lot of water and although I didn't get exercise every day, when I did get it, it was extreme.  Our booth was at the far end of the boardwalk, and we couldn't get the truck in — the way was completely blocked. So we carried everything from the parking lot to the booth. I'm not sure how far it was, maybe 100 yards. That's a football field, right? So, multiple trips carrying pottery and furniture. Plus the tent, water jugs, folding chairs, banners, cash box and credit card thing, etc. Then on Sunday, we couldn't even get the truck into the parking lot, which was closed, because we wanted to pack up and sneak out a little early. We figured if we waited until 5:00, when ALL the vendors packed up, we'd be there until midnight. So we carried everything back to the truck, only this time it was across the street and down a block, so add half again the distance. When we finally reached Marella's trailer around 5:30, we got right into our swim suits, mixed some drinks, and dragged our exhausted asses a block to the beach. Bucko and I set up our beach chairs right in the water, which was warm and soothing and like a wonderful massage. The sun was low, so no more sunburn, and the water was silver and green and perfect.  Today I'm moving everything out of the first floor so they can do the carpet Thursday. That's my exercise. Also I'm trying to get hooked up with some temp agencies, and my wretched IE is bombing constantly. I need to download a newer version. I'm taking a break from it for now; I'll hit it again this afternoon.  1:44 p.m. Okay. I emailed my resume to four different contracting places. I hope they will be impressed by the resume itself, because I was too brain-dead and uninspired to write a good cover. Me need money. Me work for money. You pay me. I also visited the  urlLink postal service web page,  which I am fond of, to get info on direct mail. I think a 5x7 postcard is the thing. I also made many many trips up and down the stairs, carrying small furniture and stuff, to get the downstairs clear. AND I called my boss, I don't remember what alias I'm using for him, so I'll just call him THAT ASSHOLE, to discuss my options with him, i.e., either I need hours or I have to quit. And he took another call in the middle of that conversation, and has not yet called me back. Like, it was  too much trouble  for him to concentrate on accepting an employee's resignation.  All in all, a productive day, and it's early still.  
    
    


    
       7:13 p.m. Monday, Day 168.  I'm baaaaack.    Let's start with the good news first. Happy birthday to me and Daisy today. I am now 43, and she is 33. I ate well and got lots of exercise while I was gone. Marella and I had a beautiful day at the beach Thursday, the weather was lovely and the water warm. I have a tan that's deeper than anything I've had since I was a kid.  The bad news: I made $50 the first day of the show, $5 the second day, $35 the third day. Which is $90 for three days, minus $35 for my half of the booth rental, minus $20 gas, equals $35. Minus what the furniture cost  me  when I bought it, equals $0. Minus three ten-hour days at let's say $10 an hour, equals negative $300. And if I want to follow that line of thought, I can subtract the time and gas for me to bring the stuff back from the store, to clean it, prime it, and then to paint it. If I pay myself $20 an hour for the actual creative painting part, then I'm about $500 in the hole total.  And yet, weirdly, I haven't given up. That place was the wrong venue, but I have not lost faith in my work. I do good work*, it's gorgeous and happy and wonderful and  someone  out there is willing to pay a reasonable fee for it. I just have to find them. Several people were interested in murals rather than furniture, and asked me about it and took my card, so something might come to fruition there. Also I'm thinking I'd better implement a plan I thought of a year ago, to get some postcards printed at Kinkos, and do a mailing to some of the ritzier neighborhoods around here. I can just take an afternoon to drive through and get addresses, and then mail to "resident." That's targeting the right audience.  *Which you can see a few examples of, if you click on the "Pictures" link in the About section -->   In the meantime, I need work  immediately.  We're on the brink of broke. I like that phrase. The brink of broke. So tomorrow: cruise the temp agencies and try to mass mail/call them with my resume. Also something I am considering, but need to think through for possible ramifications: call my boss at my "real job," and tell him I need either ten hours a week, or he has to lay me off so I can get unemployment and access to my 401k. Sadly, I know he doesn't have ten hours a week for me, but I might as well try. 
    
    


    
       7:37 a.m. Tuesday, Day 162.  Slept very well last night, until I woke up at 4:00 with horrendous stomach pain and nausea. That kept me awake for an hour, and I'm still not clear of it yet. I strongly suspect it was the slice of pineapple I ate immediately before going to bed — not a wise choice. That stuff needs to be digested in an upright position. I had some scary dreams too, probably caused by the discomfort of the stomach. Something about a giant wolf killing people, and a guy who was supposed to be a wizard of some sort with a talisman to keep the giant wolf away, but we noticed that he ALSO had a talisman to call the wolf to him, which did not bode well. A later dream with Weird Al Yankovich, which was not scary, partly because I have a giant crush on  urlLink Weird Al.   Did you not know that? Most of the men that I find terribly attractive aren't just in the common taste. Some are. See below for a partial list.  1546 calories yesterday, very good. Lots of water. Vegetables. Exercise. Yay me. Today, must go to the bank and get cash for the show. Wash clothes and pack. Remember to bring touch up paint, sunscreen, and bugspray. I just realized I won't be posting again until at least Monday, maybe Tuesday. I will miss you all.  While I am gone, please read all the archives  urlLink here,  because this is the funniest site in the world.   Men Whom Marla Finds Terribly Attractive  *=inactive (childhood crush)      urlLink Jeff Goldblum     urlLink Harrison Ford     urlLink Mike McCurry        urlLink Gene Wilder     urlLink Raul Julia     urlLink Jerry Lewis*       urlLink John Astin     urlLink Dennis Haysbert     urlLink Jimmy Smits        urlLink Richard Dawson*     urlLink Vincent Price     urlLink Humphrey Bogart       urlLink Roy Scheider     urlLink Oded Fehr     urlLink Sanjay Gupta      
    
    


    
       6:59 a.m. Monday, Day 161.  Last week was a TOTAL bust, and I aim to do better now.  I sucked it up and had my half can of soup for breakfast. 120 calories. Gonna drink lots of water. Probably even exercise.  Marella and I are going to Topsail on Wednesday, two days ahead of the show, for some beach time, and that is the sort of situation that could go either way — I could end up overeating and overdrinking, or I could have my own mini fat camp for five days. I'm going to choose mini fat camp. I'm making spring rolls today, to freeze and take with. Also some quiche. That's not exactly diet food, but not bad either, because I'm not loading it up with cheese or cream. Mostly vegetables and some eggs. Also I'm doing one version with tofu instead of eggs, should be interesting. I've never made a quiche before. It's not hard, right?  10:51 a.m. Just finished 20 minutes of step, and it killed me. Glad I did it, I feel a million percent more optimistic now. Had a little snack of fresh pineapple, which was delicious and reminded me of Tahiti. I would go back in a minute. In fact, I would love to live there for a couple years. In Papeete, that is. I'm not terribly interested in the island beachcombing ideal. Well, of course that's not realistic anyway, you have to be a millionaire to do that, but even if it was possible it doesn't attract me. But Papeete — now there's an interesting town. It would be so cool to get a job that afforded a reasonable standard of living, and spend a year or two.  5:06 p.m. Oh, bad news, bad news.  That temp job is not mine. They are giving it to "another candidate" who is cheaper and also can start work immediately, which I cannot, because of the Topsail show. Shit shit shit.  In a completely unrelated tirade, I would like to say that here is a lovely illustration of one of the things wrong with this country:  Ronald Reagan is lying in state, in the Ronald Reagan Public Library in Simi, California, his coffin covered with an American flag. The general public is allowed to enter the room for viewing. They go past in single file, following the velvet ropes. This is what they are wearing: Shorts. White t-shirts. Flowered capri pants. This is just wrong.   I absolutely hated Reagan when he was in office, but that's irrelevant. You don't go to pay your respects to a deceased president of the United States dressed in leisure clothing. Why? Because it's disrespectful. Disrespectful to the office of the President of the United States, to his widow, to the United States itself, to everyone else who takes it seriously. When you will not bother to dress appropriately for a situation, you're saying that the event is insignificant, that your tiny little ego is more important than the views of the others, that you are not willing to  contribute  to the occasion by presenting a concordant image. The same principle applies when people are underdressed or undermannered for a party or restaurant: they are lessening the experience for the other people. It's selfish — they are taking without giving.  To end on a positive note, I made four quiches, and they look  beautiful.  1. Eggless with tofu, spinach, mushroom, garlic. 2. "Mexican" quiche with jalapeno-flavored tomatoes, chili peppers, cheddar cheese, and sliced bell peppers on top. 3. Multi-vegetable with green peppers, peas, yellow squash, thyme. 4. Zucchini and red peppers with garlic and parmesan cheese. We're having that one tonight, the other three I am freezing and taking to Topsail. 
    
    


    
       11:14 a.m. Sunday, Day 160.  I am planning a SLOW relaxed day today.  I need a day off. Bucko, however, has to mow the lawn. No day off for him. Well, okay, I'll probably weed the so-called garden while he's mowing.  I've kind of given up on this week. Not that I'm giving myself license now, but I know it's too late to achieve any kind of victory. I'm right at my calorie limit with the rest of the day to go. Somehow I seem to have forgotten I'm on a diet, recently. At the art museum opening, it never even crossed my mind to monitor, and definitely not to limit, what I was eating. Just never even thought of it. Same with going out to sushi afterward, I just ate and drank whatever the hell I felt like. Which, I cannot deny, is enjoyable, but it's not helping me lose weight. This is what I realized at the start of my current effort — I have an extremely healthy diet in my day-to-day eating, but allow myself too many exceptions. Because I eat a nice balanced diet of vegetables, fruit, and low-fat meat, my brain thinks it's okay to have a Wendy's double with fries every third day or so. And maybe that's fine for a normal weight person, but not for me. It's so unfair, and pisses me off immensely, that my extreme "upper" range of calories is well below the average person's usual consumption, but that's also an important part of how I managed to come this far: I gave up the idea of "fairness." This is the hand I've been dealt, as they say, so I'll play what I've got. Other people also have physical limitations or conditions, or what have you, that they aren't happy with and deal with every day. This is mine. Mine, mine, mine.  On another subject, have you noticed that I haven't gone to see Troy? I don't think I will. Two reasons: 1. the more commercials I see, the more computer animation I notice, and I  hate  CG. I really really hate it. Moviemakers, please take note: CG sucks. You all are so thrilled with yourselves to develop scenes with gigantic buildings, herds of zebra, spaceships, people dancing in a reflective room with curved surfaces. Like, whatever. I don't care. What you're creating is just some complex math. It might make the nipples sproing out on a programmer, but it doesn't do anything for me. It doesn't LOOK GOOD.  All that ridiculous detail is not the way human beings experience sight. If we were THERE in real life, in that scene, it wouldn't look like that to us. If you want to learn how to capture the way a complex visual system FEELS to a human, go watch Disney's original Bambi. Check out the backgrounds. No, I am not kidding.  You thought I forgot about Reason 2, didn't you? I did not. Reason 2 is some unfortunate comments Pitt and others made in the recent Vanity Fair. I quote: "He [Achilles] wasn't formed by any belief system; it was strictly trial and error, and yet he was able to take those experiences and create himself from it." Um, dude? Not formed by any belief system? Are you out of your mind? Okay, sarcasm aside, the entire character of Achilles is ABOUT the way he is formed by a very strong belief system. He is a man whose lineage is half-divine. Any woman caught with a baby and no husband is going to have the good sense to say a passing god impregnated her. That's a pretty common story amongst ancient Hellenes, so, like other heroes who claim a god for a father, he has to prove it. The glory and honor he achieves in war are the unarguable evidence that he is the child of a god. His victories not only reflect his own honor, they bring honor to Zeus. Achilles, more than other men, must make his life a dedication to the god.  Now, does that sound like someone with no belief system?  There is also a silly comment by Wolfgang Petersen that "[Achilles is] a very modern kind of man." No way. Modern men are not driven by the same motives as Achilles. He's the very antithesis of modern man. There are some notable exceptions, but I am prepared to say that modern men, Americans at least, are not motivated primarily by the concepts of honor and service (to a greater being or greater ideal).   Feh, I say. 
    
    


    
       6:53 a.m. Saturday, Day 159.  Okay, I have had enough of this. Fall asleep early, like 9:30 or 10:00, wake up at 12:30, stay awake until 3:30, sleep until 6:30, then I'm up, with sandpaper eyelids.  This has got to stop.  My irregular sleep pattern has become so entrenched that I suspect my brain is doing it. For some stupid subconscious reason, it's setting off the internal alarm clock every night, because now it thinks that's how we do it. My brain is so stupid.  *that line was in a spam I received recently. It almost looks like it... means something.  This evening we're going to the opening of the Hudson River School exhibit at the art museum. Wine and hors d'oeuvres, and then a tour of the exhibit by the curator. Can't WAIT. Daisy is going too, and then we're going to have sushi after. 
    
    


    
       6:51 a.m. Friday, Day 158. Dammit, I am NOT doing well this week. I'm not sure exactly what my problem is. Just not paying enough attention, I think. I'm eating whatever is handy, instead of planning my meals. As always, I haven't had any giant binges or junk-food eating, just my portions creeping up. I know that part of the problem is I'm really tired of soup for breakfast, and haven't found a good alternative yet. So my breakfast calories have about doubled without my noticing. Need to find something besides soup...  10:03 a.m. I am starting to feel more normal. The deck crew is gone, and that's a relief. They were very good, but they tended to need something about twice a day, plus I was still dealing with the permit and inspections, so I've been tied to the house most of this week. They finished yesterday morning, so I was able to go to my interview with that under my belt, and then afterward to Marella's to return her pottery that Bucko shot. A couple beers and then home to a relaxing evening on the deck. We even ate out there, coated head-to-toe in mosquito repellant. Today, the carpet estimator at 11:00. Then another interview at 2:00 p.m. for Daisy's old temp job. Not stressed about that, exactly, but not looking forward either.  I can't complain, I've never had a job handed to me on a silver platter quite so easily. It's not in the bag, of course, they may decide not to hire me, particularly since I will be gone most of next week. But at this point they are very predisposed to me, since it will make things easier for them than starting over with the temp agency.  I plan to visit Totally Wine on the way back, and Wal-mart to look for that Curvaceous underwear as a little treat for myself. At this point I only have one bra that fits. All the others are too big, even on the smallest settings and after I put them in the dryer to shrink them. I don't at all mind losing size in my chest, but please could I just lose a couple inches around my waist for once???  11:30 a.m. Carpet guy has come and gone. Nice guy, and handsome too. He RAVED about how nice the house is and LOVED my murals and furniture. It was wonderful getting feedback like that. I gave him a business card. Dude, buy some of my stuff!  4:24 p.m. Back from interview, which went well. Hopefully I will start June 14 (my birthday!). The assignment should last for one month, and I think I can get almost full time out of it. Yay. It's about two-thirds my usual pay, so that's not too bad. Wal-Mart sucks just as bad as Kmart did in the underwear department - why in the name of all that is holy would you stock a BROWN bra with pink ribbons and NOT stock the corresponding panty? What do you wear with that, the lilac and green brief?  Bah.  But I did pick up a plain old white bra, in a 42DD, which is two inches smaller than what I used to wear. I'll be in a DD until I get down to around 160 pounds, when I  might  fit into a D. Yeah, it's like that. And if you think for one moment that having a large bosom has affected my life in ANY positive way, you can think again. Please do not give me that "I'd trade with you in a hearbeat" nonsense. You know not of what you speak. 
    
    


    
       6:44 a.m. Thursday, Day 157.  Well. I'm feeling a little more normal today. 1471 calories yesterday, which is mid-range for me, so that's good. Slept better than I have for a week or so. The deck is almost done, should be over with this morning. This afternoon my job interview with university temp services. Also sometime today a phone call from Daisy's other temp job, who are considering me to take her place, because she has found a better temp-to-perm at the university. Small world, eh? Then tomorrow the carpet estimator guy at 11:00. Then, thank god, the weekend. 
    
    


    
       10:52 a.m. Wednesday, Day 156.  Well. I hope life will be a little more back-to-normal today. I've been running at full steam since — I'm not sure when, I think a couple weeks. Certainly since last Thursday. They started building the deck yesterday, and the inspection office did indeed have the permit ready, and I was able to schedule the first footing inspection for this morning. Hopefully he will show up soon and I can also schedule the final for tomorrow. It looks so nice, I'm feeling even more like I don't want to move! All this time we've had a simple landing on the back door. When the house was built we couldn't afford to have a deck built, and then we kept saying we'd do it ourselves, and of course we didn't. Watching these guys work, I'm glad we didn't!  I'm not sure we could have handled it.  I finally put together a calorie estimate for Monday and Tuesday, and it's not pretty. That is, Monday was bad, Tuesday was medium. Will try to get my act together today. Planning on salad for lunch, maybe a mango, and possibly a tiny bit of leftover potroast.  
    
    


    
       9:40 p.m. Tuesday, Day 155.  Holy cow, I can't believe I haven't updated today!  This is the FIRST time ever, even during vacation, that I didn't track my food. Now I'm going back trying to remember what I've had, and of course I can't. And what I do remember, I don't have numbers for, because it's stuff I don't usually eat. So, a little research for me tomorrow. 
    
    


    
       6:25 a.m. Friday, Day 213. Sh1t. My amazing feat of self-restraint yesterday wasn't enough to keep me within goal. 1950 calories, caused partly by a couple glasses of wine and some of those new chocolate jelly bellies, which Bucko brought me from NJ. Only a small handful, literally 15 pieces, but chocolate adds up quickly. They were tasty, but not as delightful as regular JBs.  I need to get myself to the grocery store early today. All I've got in the house is that hamburger, and while that's okay for one meal every other day or so, it's too high in fat and cals to eat more often. Need to get some chicken and hopefully fish, and we're down to the last bit of vegetable matter, too. And, of course, the job hunting. Well, I've been doing that every day, I just haven't had any results to write about. I've sent out a gazillion resumes and the best I've gotten is automated email responses. My only lead currently is  maybe  I can be a laptop instructor for two days at one of the local colleges. That's lapTOP, not lap DANCE. I think (don't have the details yet) that they put on an orientation for the incoming students that includes basic computer operation, because all freshman are required to have/purchase a laptop for school. Well, what the hell, I'll do it. Of course, I quickly need to learn how to use a laptop. Yes, I know, it's insane, I've been using a computer for TWENTY ONE years, and have never used a laptop. Never.  Not sure what else to do today. Bucko is back, obviously, but he's going to work today.   10:03 a.m. Trying to make up for yesterday's calories in a big way: 45 minutes cardio blast, 20 minutes aerobics. I rule. And I now have completely exhausted tricep muscles.  12:22 p.m. I'm thinking about not blogging for a while. Still maintaining my offline journal, but putting the online aspect on hiatus, and maybe dropping out of reading blogs for a while. I'm not sure I can articulate exactly why I'm feeling like this. I guess I think I'm becoming too caught up with other people's issues and concerns, and thus not spending enough thought on my own. Reading blogs has been so so SO helpful to me, but right now it's exerting too much influence on me. (See - all you people had no idea what POWER you have!  :-) For example there's a lot of WLS talk going around, and I am very anti-WLS. But I don't really want to write about that, because I don't want anyone to think I am arguing with them in some sort of oblique, passive way. Because I'm not. But then there's no reason I shouldn't write about it, because that's what blogging's for, and I can say whatever the heck I want, and nobody ever objected to that in the first place, what am I, some kind of paranoid freak? (answer: yes). But on the other hand, I had no interest in the subject of WLS until I started reading it elsewhere, so why bother to write about something I don't care about? What's the point? So I spend too much time thinking about this kind of thing, and wondering what to write in my own blog that could be of interest to anyone else, wanting to be honest but not wanting to be offensive, yadda yadda, all these tangental issues, and I realize I'm no longer using blogging as a tool to help me lose weight, I'm using it as a hobby related to losing weight.  Yeah, I think I need to do this. So, folks (as though there are hundreds of people reading this), I'm going to take a one-week break and see what I think after that. Very likely I'll realize that the whole blogging experience is very important and I need to return to it. Maybe I just need a little vacation from thinking about other people, because you know I do become very interested in what all of you are doing, and when you have bad days I feel bad for you, and when you have good days it makes me happier. So I will be back on August 6. Kisses to all! Mmmmmwaaah! 
    
    


    
       9:07 a.m. Thursday, Day 212.  I believe I have achieved 8 hours sleep, in one night. Haven't done that in a long time. I'm feeling pretty good this morning, consequently. I sort of don't even want to post my calories from yesterday, because it's a whopper. So let me get it over quick, I'll type it fast and you read it really fast: 2392. Okay, glad that's over. My plan today is to drink a LOT of water, and stick to vegetables as much as possible.  I have an eggplant that would make a delicious lunch...  Two more days until the Trying On. Keeping my fingers crossed. I don't  feel  like I've lost any weight, but of course that's not meaningful. I'm right in the middle of TOM, so I might wait until early next week for the Try On.   11:55 a.m. Oh, sometimes I impress myself so much. Last night Daisy brought a bag of these Combos, which I don't now how to describe. They're not chips, but they're some kind of crunchy, salty, cheesey snack in a bag. Delicious and entirely without nutritional value. Anyway, this morning I ate four or five of them, put the bag away, and then two minutes later took it back out of the pantry. Getting ready to finish the rest. Somehow I overrode the impulse, turned to the trash can and up-ended the bag into the trash. Whew. That was hard, but I am o so glad I did it.  A fascinating  urlLink editorial  about treating obesity as a disease. "We don't really know whether taxpayer costs are higher, on balance, than they would be if everyone were thin. In the case of smokers, economic analyses indicate that taxpayer savings from less health care in old age and fewer Social Security payments (because of shorter life expectancies) outweigh the costs of treating tobacco-related diseases. Something similar could be true of obesity."   
    
    


    
       7:19 a.m. Wednesday, Day 211. How do I feel? Repeat of yesterday. Pretty good, but suffering some allergy symptoms. I've been sleeping well considering Bucko is gone, so that helps. I took a small piece of Actifed before bed last night, but it doesn't seem to have helped with the baggy eyes. Well, it's not like I'm having my school picture today. 1205 calories yesterday. Very low, and so was Monday. Today will be somewhat higher, since I'm making pot roast and will be drinking some amount of wine. Also making mashed potatoes (fat-free yogurt substituted for milk and butter), steamed carrots, and probably salad. Also I bought ground beef on sale (99 cents a pound), so I'm having hamburger for lunch. It's pretty high in calories — 191 for a 3-oz patty — so I will definitely be at my upper limit or above.  I borrowed a couple movies from the neighbors: How To Lose a Guy in Ten Days and Saving Private Ryan. How To Lose was just intolerably stupid and dull and I couldn't watch it. I mean, I wasn't expecting a brilliant classic, just something entertaining and fun. It was neither. It's the same kind of zany romantic comedy that was popular in the thirties and forties, but the things is, with such silly, unbelievable plots, you have to compensate with witty dialogue and engaging characters (imagine Cary Grant and Katherine Hepburn). Let's just say there was  no  compensation going on here. I must be the last person on earth to see Saving Private Ryan, and I am quite impressed. The cinematography and editing style all work together to bring you a sense of the contradictions of battle — the dilated time sense, the numbness, the moments of intense clarity, the choppiness of movements, the discontinuity between this moment and the next. Really really good, and I highly recommend it to anyone who hasn't seen it. It's emotionally exhausting, though. Not a feel-good movie (yet strangely, not a feel-bad movie either).  Today I'm thinking about something the daughter of a friend said to me. Several adults in her life have lost significant amounts of weight recently, and we were talking about weight loss. While she thinks it's good, she also comments that she doesn't quite understand it, because she just wouldn't "let herself get that way." She's not quite 16, so I wasn't wounded by what she said, but it did get under my skin a little. I didn't have a reply, really, because I wasn't sure that what I wanted to say was entirely acceptable. I was thinking "Let myself GET this way? I've ALWAYS been this way."  But I didn't want to say anything that sounded like "It's someone else's fault I'm fat." On the other hand, damned if I think it's  my  fault!  I was born fat. I was fat as a two year old, a six year old, a 20 year old. Now seriously, how much are you going to hold a toddler responsible for her weight? Are you going to lecture an infant on her formula intake and put her on a treadmill? I didn't suddenly become fat as an adult; the condition was determined long before I had any control over it.   As an adult, I make a huge distinction between the idea of responsibility versus blame.  I do not at all believe it is my "fault" that I'm fat. But I do believe that I'm personally responsible for what I do about it, if for no other reason that at this point in time, there is no magic pill. The only known method is dieting and exercising, and no one else can do that for me.  Of course, as I'm writing this I realize that there is at least one other way — weight loss surgery. I've never considered it as an option, though I probably qualify for it. I'm not sure exactly what my antipathy is; I'll have to think it through before I can write about it. I suppose, for the short answer, I don't really believe it's safe, but that's an emotional reaction, nothing I have any proof of.  4:08 p.m. Just got back from the kitty. I made sure to wash my hands and face a couple times while I was there, and I think it helped. Watched a few minutes of TV with him. Charlie's Angels (the second one I think) was on. Now, that looks like an amusing movie. Not brilliant, but fun. So maybe I'll rent that sometime. 
    
    


    
       7:38 a.m. Tuesday, Day 210. I feel okay today, but I look like HELL.  I was shocked when I looked in the mirror — HUGE black circles under my eyes, pale skin, puffy face, red eyes. Then I remembered "Oh yeah, the cat."  I'm cat-sitting for the neighbors, and my "slight" allergy to the little weasel has developed into a  huge  allergy. My chest hurt and my eyes were almost swollen shut when I came back from feeding and petting yesterday afternoon. I had to wash my face and hands and change clothes. And he's a very very affectionate kitty who's lonely with his people gone. So LOTS of hugging. Oh boy, three more days of that...  1287 calories yesterday, no drinking! Yes, I agree it is pathetic that I'm celebrating  24 whole hours without alcohol,  gee Marla maybe you can get a one-day pin, but my point is that because I am lonely, scared, and bored, it is significant that I'm not medicating with drink or food.   Did 30 minutes of aerobics, fairly lame. Although my sleep was better, now I'm suffering from cat hair and my chest hurts. If it's not one thing, it's ten others...  5:09 p.m. Just got back from sitting the kitty.  I think I'm going to have to take some sort of allergy medicine, an Actifed or something like that. Which means I will fall asleep in about one hour. I'm having so much reaction, though, that I have to risk it ("it" being a restless night of nonsleep). Itchy, chest hurts, etc. In fact, I'm sleepy now. How early is it decent to go to bed? 6:00? Can I stretch it to 7:00? 
    
    


    
       7:34 a.m. Monday, Day 209.  I guess I'm in decent shape. Of course, was awake for a couple hours, but I slept in until 7:00, so I'm better off than many other days.  Should have lost one pound last week. That puts me (on paper) as having accomplished my original ten percent goal (26 pounds).  The reason I'm not having a major celebration today is that I passed it a long time ago; what I calculated as the amount and rate of my weight loss was an underestimate. The last time I was at Daisy's, I weighed 217. I should have lost two pounds since then, so I'm going to  start my next ten percent goal today  at 215 pounds, with 21.5 pounds to lose. Just imagine, at the end of that goal I'll weigh  under 200!!   I'll continue to track whether, by the numbers, I've lost any weight each week. I know it's a crazy system, but it prevents me from going scale-crazy. If I track my calories and exercise, then at the end of the week I can say "Yep, a 4,374 calorie deficit this week, I should have lost 1.25 pounds." For me it's a less angst-filled method than using a scale, because those things LIE and CHEAT.   So let me talk about how I first figured out my daily caloric needs. I surfed for BMI and BMR, and found several sites that calculate, based on your height, weight, age, sex, and level of activity, how many calories you need per day to live. I averaged the results from five different sites, and found that to maintain the same weight, I should eat 2300 calories per day. The rule of thumb for losing weight is that 3500 calories equals one pound. To lose one pound per week (oppw, as I say), eat 500 fewer calories a day (x7 days=3500). To lose two pounds per week, eat 1000 fewer calories a day.  That's A LOT. If anyone is wondering why weight loss is so slow, that's why.  I subtracted 500 and 1000 from 2300 to get my weight-losing calorie range: tppw = 1300 calories a day, oppw = 1800 calories per day.  Not long ago, I decided to refigure my numbers based on my new weight. You know my weight loss has been creeping along recently, and one thing I considered is that I am now eating too many calories for my lower weight (isn't that a horrible thought?)  I tried to use the same method of averaging the results from five or six different sites, because they don't all return the same answer. But two of the sites I used in my original calculations no longer exist.  Apparently they gave lower-than-normal estimates, because all the other calculators I used told me that I should be losing one pound per week at 1900-2200 calories per day.  Well, obviously not. If that were true, that means to maintain my weight I could eat 2700 calories per day. 2700 calories is more than I normally eat when I'm  not  dieting. Yet I've been  gaining  weight for the last... well, the last 43 years. And that, I suppose, is where metabolism, hormones, genetics, or some other hoo-doo comes into play. That's why "calories in versus calories out" is a valid equation only in a test tube.   Because I haven't been able to refigure the calories to my satisfaction, I'm going to continue with the 1300-1800 range. That's working for me (I hope).  1:32 p.m. Back from the dentist (just a cleaning). Lettuce wraps again for lunch. I'm going to have a split lunch today, another little meal around 3:00. Finished cleaning guest room and guest bath. Laundry done. Almost done Daisy's table (has to dry). Wrote and emailed estimate for logo design for recruiter.   8:09 p.m. Tried making a web page in Dreamweaver, but I wanted to do something with frames and couldn't quite figure it out — I had to go back to hand-coding. Doing really well with food and drink. I'm impressed with myself. Daisy has postponed dinner to Wednesday, and I was SO looking forward to it. I am bitterly disappointed but proud of myself for not allowing it as an excuse to throw a pity party and overindulge. Miss Bucko terribly. Three more days to go. 
    
    


    
       6:58 a.m. Sunday, Day 208.  I am not feeling wonderful today, but it's nothing mysterious — went to bed too late, got up too early (Bucko is driving to NJ this morning to visit relatives and is making an early start). ALSO had two Taco Bell salt-lick tacos last thing before going to bed. That was a very bad decision, and one of the few times I've just slipped right off plan without consciously deciding to. Somehow I just ended up eating two tacos at 11:30 p.m. without even considering the consequences. Which, combined with some other bad choices yesterday, totalled up 2666 calories in one day. Holy cow!  Well, no great harm done, I am still within my oppw goal — cutting back on the drinking does indeed save me a lot of calories, and I had low days all the rest of the week. It's just amazing how those calories creep up.   9:30 a.m. The next five days seem awfully empty. I'm going to miss Bucko so much. He's been gone 45 minutes and I feel lost. I'd like to have some kind of project to do, to keep my mind occupied, but I don't know what.  I will have to make a very serious effort to not overeat and overdrink, because I already have a feeling of "all bets are off." Dangerous.  I need a list of chores and projects, goals and rewards.  10:19 a.m. Here's my preliminary list, which I will add to as things occur to me.   Projects/chores    Finish painting Daisy's table   Clean oven   Wash guest room sheets   Clean guest room bath   Stain deck (weather permitting)   Weed garden   Do a website in Dreamweaver, even if fake   Make a tortoiseshell sample board   Make two marble sample boards   Sew some painting aprons     Goals/rewards    Drink a LOT of water    Stay on plan    Keep alcohol to a minimum   Paint or draw daily   Exercise daily   Concoct some kind of bizarre facial out of food items    1:47 p.m. Holding on, just. Bucko has called me twice with status reports (obviously he misses me as much as I miss him). I've done two loads of laundry, plus run the dishwasher, plus run the self-cleaning oven, and it is HOT downstairs. Really really hot. I'm doing  okay  with eating; it won't be one of my best days, because I had a handful of nuts this morning, but it won't be too bad. I had a fantastic lunch of lettuce wraps: make long thin slices of cucumber, carrots, red peppers, and a hard cheese (like Asagio). Wrap in lettuce leaves and dunk in low-cal dressing. Delicious. I love food like that, because it's pretty, there are lots of different colors and textures, and it's fun to eat.  I will probably need a nap this afternoon, after getting up at the crack of dawn. I'm watching a show on local PBS featuring the director of the art museum here, and it's quite good, but he has this weird ass way of pronouncing "museum" that's sort of like "moo-zyum." I don't know how to describe it; imagine Inspector Clouseau saying it. And, of course, he says it  a lot .  8:16 p.m. 1818 calories for the day, and I'm going to consider that a success. I ate a lot, and frequently, but it was mostly low-calorie, healthy, vegetable-based meals. I'm hanging on... 
    
    


    
       7:03 a.m. Saturday, Day 207.  I didn't wake up much last night, but I don't feel rested this morning either. 1845 calories yeserday. Friday is usually my big day, plus lunch out was a wad of calories. I had Chicken Massaman, but I only ate half to two-thirds of it, so I'm estimating that at 282 calories, according to what I found on cooking.com. I also had a wee bit of chocolate. But that was all balanced out by a dinner of sauteed brussels sprouts (with olive oil, 106 calories), spinach (25), and salmon (206).  They had frozen wild salmon on sale for $2.99 a pound, which is cheaper than chicken breasts, so I got a package. It was quite good, more of a strong fish taste than the farm-raised stuff we usually get, and definitely not as pink (no dye). I will watch for that to be on sale in the future.  I haven't been exercising the way I'd like this week, because of the fatigue. I hope that's ending... yesterday I didn't need to nap and felt better in general, so hopefully it's over.   urlLink Kristen  has pointed out that Benefiber is the wrong kind of fiber to move the estrogen out of the system, if you get my drift. Doh! Back to the drawing board. 
    
    


    
       6:48 a.m. Friday, Day 206. Once again my sleep could have been worse, but it wasn't good, and it's catching up with me. I woke up at 3:00 with a backache, and fell back asleep sometime around 4:30. I don't know what to do about this — aspirin isn't enough to block it out. It doesn't seem to be the mattress, because I have the same problem no matter where I sleep, and it doesn't seem linked to anything during the day. At least nothing I recognize as being the cause. I've got to do some detective work on this, because it's becoming a real nuisance.  1440 calories yesterday, and two glasses of water with Benefiber, but unfortunately only 15.5 grams of fiber. I'd better start sprinkling that stuff on my food like salt! Only 8 more days until the Great Measurement Shorts Try On.  I haven't tried them since the end of June, so I have hopes I will see  some  progress. Have to check the calendar for TOM — I'm not going to try them if the timing's bad, I'll wait another week if necessary.  6:08 p.m. Lunch was great, I really hit it off with the recruiter. Seemed like I've known her for years. Unfortunately the freelance work won't materialize until sometime in August. 
    
    


    
       7:05 a.m. Thursday, Day 205. All I can say is, it could have been worse. My sleeping, that is. I was awake from 4:00 to 5:30, but got in another hour after that. So although I don't feel  wonderful,  I'm not too badly off.  1485 calories yesterday, pretty good considering how much I ate. A neighbor brought over some home-baked zucchini bread, and I had a small slice of that in the evening. Not sure of the calories, I checked several recipes on the web and averaged them.  I have LOTS to do this morning before the crew gets here. Not the least of which is shower and wash my hair. No idea what I'm going to wear, or how to do my hair, or any of those important details. In the middle of the night (4:00) last night, I thought "Surely any normal woman, faced with a television apearance, would have scheduled a trip to the beauty parlor and/or hair stylist, to have her hair and face done up professionally?"  Well, maybe so, but I guess I'm not that normal woman. It never occured to me until last night, and now there's no time. Even worse, one of the weather anchors is on these segments, and so a beautiful, professionally made up woman will be standing right next to me.  5:27 p.m. Okay, the shoot went really well. Everything was fine, all the crew were really nice, and I don't think I appeared too much of a dumb-ass. They are interested in having me on again, doing murals, but there's no firm commitment. However, the producer is the one who mentioned it, I didn't bring it up, so hopefully it will come to pass. Next step: Hollywood. Heh. One of the people who appeared on a segement recently was spotted by a "scout" for Carol Duvall and is going to be on her show! So I have great hopes that I'll get some kind of exposure, if only locally. We did shoot in front of a mural, which will not get a LOT of coverage because the shots are mostly in close, but it's  something.  All my worry was for naught, as my worry frequently is.  In other news, I have a temperature of 99.7.  Not super high, but enough that I suspect I am coming down with something. That could explain the fatigue, or vice versa. I have a lunch tomorrow with a recruiter, who also wants me to do a web page for her, so hopefully something will come of that.  Now I'm tired and my eyes are burny, so off I go for another nap. 
    
    


    
       6:09 a.m. Wednesday, Day 204. Okay, I am officially in the pattern of Can't get comfortable and toss and turn all night and my back hurts. I really would like another couple hours sleep this morning, but instead here I am all dry-eyed and sore, awake since 5:00. Bah. AND I think I feel the first twinge of a cramp. Oh lordy, and with the shoot scheduled for tomorrow...  1432 calories yesterday, pretty good. I had this amazingly low total at the end of the day, was so impressed with myself, and then realized I had left out breakfast calories. Doh! No harm done, I'm still in my range, but disappointing. 25 grams of fiber yesterday — that's still 5 short of goal. I supposed it's not a bad thing to increase gradually. Anyone remember the Colon Blow cereal commercial on the old SNL?  7:50 a.m. I'm feeling tired and weak again this morning. Probably due to lack of sleep, but it's getting to be a big problem with exercising — I don't have the energy or stamina to do much of anything. I suspect also that I haven't been eating enough to support the level of exercise I've been trying to do. Probably I need to increase my breakfast calories a little, which makes me nervous. That's the meal where I've managed to cut out the most calories, compared to my pre-diet pattern. I'm afraid of adding on in the morning, because later in the day it's harder for me to stay on target, so I don't think I'll be able to balance the addition with subtraction at another meal. Guess I'll just have to try it and see. If I add a couple hundred calories to my day, but am able to exercise for an hour, that seems like a good tradeoff.  So far today I've had coffee (38), half a can of soup (120) and a banana (105) for a total of 263 calories. The banana is what I've added on, and I'm considering a little more protein in addition, maybe leftover bean salad. I've drank two glasses of water so far, and will hope to get in two more before 9 a.m. (exercise time).  10:22 a.m. Here's what I did. Had the little bit of bean salad, more water. Did 60 minutes of Cardio Blast!  It was hard, but I made it through. Ate a piece of chicken and a slice of pineapple — after workout protein and carbs.  I've added about 300 calories more than I would normally eat by this time of day! Not good! Or maybe it is!  I guess all I can do is try it for a while and see.  2:37 p.m. Okay, this sucks. I am EXHAUSTED again this afternoon. I've laid down to rest three times, and I'm so sleepy. I need to get everything ready for the shoot tomorrow, and I've done almost nothing. I need to figure out what I'm going to show before a production crew shows up at 10 a.m.! I just feel overwhelmed, and like my brain is stuck in quicksand.  I want to postulate all sorts of exotic diseases, but I think it's really pretty simple: I'm stressed as hell, worried and anxious, and trying to push my body really hard on too few calories and not enough sleep. I'm going upstairs now for a serious nap - a get into bed wearing jammies type of nap, because if that's what I have to do to accomplish something today, better to do it now.  6:19 p.m. It's taken me this long to muster up enough energy to start working on the lampshades and such. I had a two-hour lie down, with about half of it being actual sleep, and I STILL feel like I could snooze.  I've been very hungry and thirsty today, and eating a lot. My calories are still good, I've been eating mini mini meals all day long. I'm at 1033 right now, and expect another 300-400 before the day's end. That's not bad. Hope tomorrow goes well, cross your fingers for me. 
    
    


    
       *sometimes those random titles are SO damned accurate...  6:41 a.m. Tuesday, Day 203. Slept pretty well, feel okay this morning. 1439 calories yesterday. This morning I have my crown reaffixed, I'm looking forward to being able to chew on both sides. I made the  urlLink zucchini lasagna  again yesterday. Man that stuff is good!   After the dentist, I hope to spend the day preparing for the shoot. I am not nearly ready, and starting to freak out. Freak freak freak! Yes, and I notice I have a touch of echolalia recently, another sign of stress (I think I'm making a joke, but on further reflection there might be something to that).  I've been reading on  urlLink someone else's  blog about estrogen dominance, and I'm very interested in how things turn out for her. My gyno made a similar, well it was more like a comment than a diagnosis, but anyway I got the same story a few years ago, and honestly I pretty much dismissed it. It sounded like she was saying, "You can't lose weight because you're fat." And at that time, I was tired of hearing every ailment or condition I had being attributed to my weight, so I never pursued it. Although, it's not like she suggested any treatment or course of action anyway, it sounded more like a Catch22 that I would have to live with. Anyway, I have a lot of the same symptoms as this girlie, although I have regular periods and no PCOS (that I know of): belly fat, acne, hirsutism, boils (and probably a plague of frogs for good measure), insomnia, anxiety, hot flashes, and depression. I pretty much won't admit to the depression, especially not to a doctor, because I refuse to get on the modern-day Valley of the Dolls bandwagon and be medicated, but to myself I can't deny it exists.  In other blogger news,  urlLink Denise  here has lost a few pounds  while on vacation,  and I'm so happy for her. It's making me hopeful. See, this is what  urlLink I mean  about how I am influenced by what other people are writing, which I suppose is the purpose of blogging, so guess what? It works. I feel all happy and glowy and positive now.  Here's the best job I've found today: "  Tire Stacker  A company is looking for light industrial workers for various temporary/contract assignments: Rolling tires, stacking and loading tires, etc. Heavy lifting (50lbs) required. Repetative moving, lifting, bending and loading is also required. Call Express for details."   Today I'm starting on a new plan of not drinking so much. I kind of don't even want to write about it, because I'm afraid I will revert and then be ashamed, etc. However, I have to face the fact that I'm adding a whole bunch of useless calories to my diet every time I have a drink. And I find that because of weight, metabolism, and age, I have to drink A LOT to feel enhanced. Like, the way I used to feel with one or two glasses of wine, just kind of happy and relaxed, it now takes me 4 glasses. I just don't want to be drinking that much — it's not healthy in any sense, diet or no diet. Not to mention we can't afford it. So, I'm confining it to the weekends, i.e., Friday and Saturday evenings. A bottle of wine shared between the two of us. Today — Tuesday— is a normal "drinking night" for us, so I'm cancelling it (for me, Bucko can drink as he sees fit). The funny thing is, if we don't have it in the house, I don't drink. I won't bother to go out and buy alcohol or go to a bar. But if it IS in the house, then I WILL drink it. Not unlike candy...  so anyway, the strategy is obvious. Don't buy it.  Also, I'm going to increase my fiber. I really don't get enough, I suppose partly because I shun bread and pasta. I do eat a lot of vegetables, but you'd be surprised how little fiber most have. A carrot is very high at 2 grams each, but most vegetables, because they are largely water, are in the .5 to 1 gram range. I'm averaging only 15 grams a day, which I want to double. I'm going to start putting the Benefiber in my water. That's the nice thing about that stuff, it will dissolve completely even in ice water and have no taste. I've been reading up on the estrogen dominance thing, and increased fiber is indeed one thing to try. And since it won't hurt to increase anyway... 
    
    


    
       6:49 a.m. Monday, Day 202. Feeling somewhat tired this morning. I didn't sleep that well last night, lots of tossing and turning. Sometimes I get into this pattern where I cannot get comfortable on the bed, and my back hurts all night long, and I roll over from this side to that side. It will go on for three or four nights, and then disappear. Other than that, I was okay. No extended periods of wakefulness. I watched Fantasia while I was falling asleep, and I think that made me happy and relaxed. The worst part is that I am physically unrested and will have a hard time exercising today. I'm guzzling water early so I can at least be well hydrated.  Figured my numbers for last week — I should have lost 1.25 pounds. If I go entirely according to the numbers, that means I have one-quarter of a pound left in my initial goal (10%, or 26 pounds).  Of course, according to Daisy's scale I passed that a long time ago. I think what I will do, is at the end of this week, or whenever I next go to Daisy's, I will use that weight as my starting point for the next 10% goal (currently would be about 22 pounds).   I've been using the Measurement Shorts as my goal more than number of pounds, but I am just not getting anywhere with those things!  I have definitely lost a small amount of weight in the past 4-6 weeks, and all my other clothes are looser, my wedding ring is looser, but not those shorts. It's confirming what I have suspected for a long time — I've lost little or no inches around the upper part of my waist. Yeah, I know, how funny will it be when I weigh 135 pounds and still have a 46 inch stomach?  I have SO much to do today: 1. exercise 2. tweak resume and apply for printing services purchaser position 3. grocery shop 4. check Goodwill for lamps and furniture 5. finish painting armoire (the impressionist scene) 6. call mortgage broker (STILL haven't done that) 7. start cleaning up house for shoot on Thursday.  9:47 a.m. I think today I will have to be grateful for small victories and not be too rough on myself. I managed 30 minutes of Cardio Blast, and that's all I could do. I'm going to focus on the 30 minutes I did, instead of the other 30 minutes I didn't do. Which reminds me of something else — I'm going to buy some Gatorade or other electrolyte-replenishing sports drink. For some time now I've been really exhausted after exercising, like I have to lie down and nap exhausted. It seems like I'm recovering slowly. I do drink a lot of water before and after, and some during, so I don't think it's simple dehydration. And here is something else I notice about exercising: I don't stop sweating for quite a long time after. 30 minutes, 40 minutes, something like that. I don't even bother taking a shower until an hour after, because I haven't cooled down enough to stop pouring sweat; any sooner and I sweat right through the shower and keep on sweating after. Sweat sweat sweat.  12:54 p.m. Have finished Items 1 through 4.  I did NOT buy Gatorade, because (surprise!) its main ingredient is corn syrup! No thanks!  I'm going to surf some body building sites and see if anyone can recommend an alternative. Please email me if you know of something low-calorie I could eat or drink after exercise to stabilize myself.  4:58 p.m. I finally forced myself to take some progress photos. It's always distressing, and this was no exception. However, once I got over the big shock of seeing myself, I could take an inventory.  In the front shots, it didn't look like I'd lost any weight at all. I looked exactly the same. In the side shot, I could see that my upper arms and upper thighs were definitely smaller. My stomach, as I've been saying, was pretty much the same. In the shot from behind I could really see a difference. I've lost a lot in my thighs and butt, arms, and even my back. But this stomach thing is SO frustrating! I look nine months pregnant! Arrgh. Anyway, here's the funny part — I stood in the same place and put the camera in approximately the same place, but it's not like I had marked it on the floor or anything. When I overlay the new shots on the old, I'm standing in EXACTLY the same position. My limbs are EXACTLY in the same spot. I couldn't tell which was the old and which the new picture. Hee. 
    
    


    
       8:31 a.m. Sunday, Day 201. Feeling pretty good, perhaps a bit slow. I overslept, and that always makes me a little groggy. Not that I set an alarm on Sunday morning, I'm just talking about total hours of sleep. Around nine, which is too much for me. Maybe I'm trying to catch up.  1770 calories yesterday, not bad at all for a weekend. I've got plenty left for today and still come in at one pound per week. I would so much like to speed that up, but I don't think it's possible. My body seems to want to lose weight VERY slowly, and I'm not willing to eat less than I am (not sure that would be effective, anyway). I did 30 minutes of aerobics yesterday (Bodies in Motion) since I missed exercise on Friday. I don't like it as much as Cardio Blast; I've never been that fond of pure aerobics.   The last of the catfish stew for breakfast, and then I will go buy a newspaper to search for nonexistent jobs.  4:26 p.m. As expected, not a single job. I'm trying to think outside the box, as it were, and search for things I  might  be qualified to do, but not having any luck. I've really only done the one thing, my whole life. Spent the afternoon painting. I'm trying to learn to paint like an impressionist, and boy is it hard. If anyone thinks non-realistic artists just slop the paint on, I can tell you that's not the case. So it's not bad, but definitely I need more practice. I'm feeling a little peckish, or possibly bored, now. I have eaten just under 600 calories so far, which is about normal for me before dinner. I don't want to blow it by snacking. Going to go find something to do now, take my mind off it...  8:12 p.m. Wow! Only 1475 calories today, including a couple glasses of wine, and I don't feel hungry or deprived at all. That's very good, and I'm looking at my food chart to see what I did right.  I think the difference is that today I didn't eat one lunch, I ate two. Around 10:45 a.m. I had broccoli and one chicken drumstick (very small, 200 calories combined). Then at 2:00 p.m. I had a couple eggs (150 calories). I think splitting lunch into two small meals made the difference, and I am considering adopting that as my standard pattern. One situation where I get into trouble with eating is pre-dinner snacking: I am STARVING around 4:00, and can't wait another 2 or 3 hours for Bucko to get home. I end up having snacks PLUS dinner. Apparently if I split my lunch, it breaks up the day better. 
    
    


    
       6:28 a.m. Saturday, Day 200.  Here's what I did yesterday. Getting ready to go sit outside on the deck, putting mosquito repellant lotion on my legs. Swung one foot up on the kitchen counter to do that side (like you do when you're shaving your legs in the bathroom sink). Finished, switched legs. Stood there for a second blinking and gasping. HEY!  I just put my foot up on the counter!  I haven't been able to do that in YEARS. And Poof! I just did it without even thinking about it!  Oh, so cool. So so cool. And in another sense, a frightening story concerning the sanitary condition of my kitchen. But never mind that! I put my foot up!  I'm leading with the good news first before I admit the bad: 2055 calories yesterday. Goodberry's frozen custard happened, as did martinis. That means I have 4522 calories left for the week, to stay within oppw. 2261 per day. That should be plenty. No way will I come in at tppw, but maybe I'll manage one and a quarter.  6:49 p.m. I became very ambitious this afternoon, and put together  urlLink this list  of my 100 favorite novels. 
    
    


    
       6:28 a.m. Friday, Day 199. Oh, the dreams. I haven't had a night like that in a long time. I won't bore you, because they are too fragmentary.  1204 calories yesterday, very good. I've been eating catfish stew for a couple days, and that's very light (and delicious. recipe  urlLink here ). However, I want to up my protein today. Yesterday, 39 grams protein, 200 grams carbohydrate, 41 grams fat. Usually my carbs and protein are split about evenly. Today I will have MEAT. And BEANS. Oh yeah.  Now that I watch Fit TV all the time, I notice these commercials for some product — can't remember the name — that's supposed to help reduce belly fat by regulating your cortisol. Now, I know the cortisol thing is a real, documented phenomenon, but I doubt very much that these supplements have any legitimate effect. It's the same way I regard "miracle cleaners": I figure if these things really worked, you know reputable companies would have been selling them for years. Back in the day, in some previous diet attempts, I tried the supplement route. I think it was called Diet Fuel, and it was some pill you buy at GNC for a whopping amount of money. I have no idea what was in it, but I do know it didn't help me achieve any weight loss whatsoever. I also tried protein supplements, to force ketosis or whatever. And I went through a very brief Dexatrim phase. All useless.  It's been a long time since I tried supplements. And this time around, when weight loss is actually occurring, I've never even considered using them. My method has been white-knuckle diet and exercise, sheer physical and mental effort. That's the particular mindset that has worked for me — a "let's get real" attitude about weight loss, a refusal to fool myself with the sweet temptation of gimmicks. Just eat less, exercise more. I know, I hate that phrase myself, because it's usually uttered by some dildo who has never had a weight issue in his/her entire life. Dude/ess, let me tell you: it's not that easy.*  *Can I indulge in a little self-pitying whine here? I can? Thanks. To whit: I don't know a single person ("know" in the real-life face-to-face sense) who exercises as much as I do or who eats as healthily as I do. And yet these people are thin, and I am fat. There is simply no justice in the universe. The end.  So is anyone using supplements of any sort? I never read about it on anyone's blog. Is anyone having good results? Or bad? Email me if you're  using;  I'd like to know what your experience has been.  In other news, I am going to have martinis tonight, and I am so looking forward to it. Icy cold, delicious vodka martinis. It is something of a celebration in addition to Friday Drinking Night: Bucko is officially signed up as a student at the state college where he works. He's going to get some kind of Communication degree, which is also the department he works in. We figure it will take about thirteen years...  well, it will if he takes one class every semester plus summer. Because he is working full-time as well. But, things like that tend to work out, and I'll bet he can CLEP out of some things, get some kind of credit for experience, find a summer when he can carry a full course load, etc. etc., so that hopefully it will only take five or six years. So if anyone out there is currently, oh maybe 20 years old, and thinking about deferring college until later, let me give you this advice: Are you crazy?? Get it over with now! It is  not  going to get easier later.  In other other news, I had an email from The Orifice, saying that one of the documents which was delayed back in FEBRUARY has been approved and might go into production soon. Well, I'll believe it when I see it, but that would sure take some pressure off if I could get a couple weeks' work. 
    
    


    
       6:49 a.m. Thursday, Day 198.  Feeling quite reasonable today. I had decent sleep. The late afternoon coffee yesterday doesn't seem to have affected me. I usually drink one cup of coffee in the morning, so I'm fairly sensitive to additional amounts. I had anticipated being awake all night.  1364 calories yesterday, not bad. The week got off to such a bad start, I'm glad to have a good day. Oh, and here's the really good news: weighed myself at Daisy's. I've lost  three pounds.  Yay!  It's not much to show for months of effort, but I was pretty terrified that I've been  gaining  weight recently, so I'll take it.  I'm crediting the Cardio Blast. For a month or two I haven't been exercising the way I should, and I think that caused the glacial rate of weight loss. I don't want to lower my calories any further; I need to increase exercise.  10:20 a.m. 45 minutes of Cardio Blast, legs and core, I'm EXHAUSTED.  I'm thinking about this whole weblog experience this morning. I had never read a blog until my weight loss attempt, and now I read several of them every day, including some non-weight ones. I publish my own, and I occasionally post comments on others' and email with them. It's been a really important aspect of my effort, because I've learned a lot from these writers. Sometimes by example and sometimes by "what not to do"!   I can't speak for anyone else, but I think sometimes we start a cycle together. I mean, we all read each other, we get ideas from each other and add our own particular perspective. Sometimes it's like a big game of telephone (purple monkey dishwasher). You can almost track an idea leaping from blog to blog over the course of a week. It can be good or bad. Sometimes it makes me reluctant* to write anything pessimistic or negative; I don't want to bring anyone else down, or start a negativity cycle. For the most part I refrain from criticizing or overly-analyzing anyone else's blog; expressing disagreement with someone else's life is just too close to openly contradicting or invalidating their experiences. And that seems to be the way most bloggers operate, and it's really really neat how supportive and encouraging we all are to each other.  Eventually there comes a point, though, when each person is on her own. The support of others is absolutely necessary to the process, but it doesn't do the work for you**. And as much as you can learn from other bloggers, you're not going to agree with everything they write, and at some point you have to say "That worked for them; but this is me. What works for ME?" You can't compare yourself with others; measure yourself against them; adopt all their strategies, their eating plans, and definitely not all their philosophies.   I'm not sure what my point is. I guess just to say that I'm appreciative of what I've learned from other bloggers, and at the same time cautious about equating me=them, them=me, and hope others feel the same. Yep, that's it.  *It makes me  reluctant;  it doesn't  stop  me. The whole purpose of a blog is personal experience. If I'm hiding my experiences, what's the point?  **Remember when Oprah was on her giant weight loss/fitness crusade? And she did shows about it, and put out a tape called Get the Picture or something like that. And a lot of people were very critical of her, saying things like "It's easy to lose weight when you have a personal trainer and a private chef." Oh, puhleeze. I don't care one way or the other about Oprah, but I'll defend her here. No matter how much money you have, no one else can do a sit-up for you. You can't hire someone to run a marathon for you, or diet for you. She did it, by herself. Same as the rest of us. 
    
    


    
       7:48 a.m. Wednesday, Day 197. Merry Bastille Day! Yes, I am feeling MUCH better today. No wasabi peas, moderate amount of wine, lots of sleep. Also had some good news (oh finally): the TV producer called me back last night, and we will shoot on the 22nd. That's the good news, the bad news is that he wants to concentrate on the lampshades and switchplate covers that I paint, which is something I would rather bury in the ground. Ah well, it's free publicity, even though not quite the right kind.  I made an excellent no-pasta lasagne last night (recipe  urlLink here ). I am embarrassed to say I got the idea from the Dr. Phi1 show, although the recipe is my own. It was 456 calories for two large pieces, so presumably one could eat a single piece and also have a side dish for a reasonable caloric total. That is, if one had the energy to make side dishes.  4:40 p.m. Getting ready to go to Daisy's, with a big batch of catfish stew for dinner. I have had TWO naps today, and had to drink a cup of coffee about 20 minutes ago. I can think of several valid reasons for this sleepiness (too much salt recently; STRESS; took an actifed at 2:30 a.m. last night; weight lifting), but will keep an eye on it. If I'm still like this in a day or two I'll schedule a doctor visit.  By the way, my calories the past two days were in the mid 1700s. Not fabulous, but I wasn't completely destroyed by those wretched (but o so delicious) beef ribs. And today, 30 minutes of Cardio Blast. I know, only 30 minutes! They were doing some sort of kick boxing thingie, and it TOTALLY KILLED ME. 30 minutes was like 30 days. Also, they were kicking their legs just above waist level, and I was seriously kicking about three inches off the ground. Heh. It was killer and I am impressed that I managed 30 minutes! 
    
    


    
       6:59 a.m. Tuesday, Day 196. First let me say, I am even squirrelier than yesterday. I woke up that way.  I feel moody, depressed, hopeless, etc. Also I really need to wash my hair. Just be glad you are on that side of the monitor glass, because I am no treat to be around just at this moment.  Besides all my list of woes from yesterday, I am annoyed at these beef spareribs we had for dinner. I got them at half price and was very pleased with myself, but that was before I found out the calories (after I'd eaten two.  Doh! ). It's awfully hard to figure; it seems to be anywhere from 400 calories per rib up to 1100 or so. Yeah, almost my entire day's calories in one rib!  This morning I cut the meat off one and weighed it, and it comes to only 3 ounces, so I think the calories are on the lower end of that range, but it's still way too much. Oh, I know this isn't a major big deal, I'm just in the mood to magnify any little thing into a giant tragedy.  I don't want a repeat of yesterday, so I think I need to go one of two ways: 1. buckle down and force myself to be productive, or 2. take a mental health day. At the moment I can't decide which would make me feel better.  1:47 p.m. I guess I've ended up with a combo of 1 and 2 - half productive, half hedonistic. Got a few things done around the house, took a shower and washed the hell out of my hair, and now I'm going to read a book for an hour or so. What am I reading? Currently,  urlLink The Nature of Alexander.  Also  urlLink  Hell's Angels.  I will flip a coin for which I read this afternoon.  Also, am meeting Daisy at her house tomorrow night for dinner, so having something to look forward to is improving my mood.  For those of you who read this blog (and I know SOMEONE does, because of the Sitemeter) I'm sorry I've been moody and depressing and dull. As amends, here is something amusing:   urlLink www.toxiccustard.com . It's all good, but Great Vomits of the Twentieth Century is my favorite.  LATER: Some sort-of good news: I've figured out part, if not all, of the cause of my squirreliness: wasabi peas. Too much salt and possibly too much wasabi = squirrel. 
    
    


    
       6:41 a.m. Monday, Day 195. I feel good today  and  I slept well, which doesn't seem to occur together all that often. Totaled up my numbers for last week, and it says I lost 1.5 pounds!  O I hope so. 19 more days to the Great Measurement Shorts Try On.  I have a lot of things I should do today (doesn't that sound enthusiastic?) (not to mention, LOVE the passive language). Anyway, they are, in no particular order:  1. Search jobs 2. Call dentist about crown 3. Finish malachite sample board 4. Do other sample boards (mahogany, marble, etc.) 5. Call mortgage broker (just to see possibilities) 6. Grocery shop 7. Dick around with Dreamweaver 8. Exercise. That goes without saying.  10:02 a.m. Accomplished Item 1 (negative results), Item 3 (adequate) and Item 8 (45 minutes Cardio Blast). Just had a carrot and hummus for a snackie. Am planning on grocery shopping as soon as I stop sweating, because there is almost no food in the house, which as we all know makes me panic and want to eat a lot. Sheesh.  6:05 p.m. Well. I didn't get half of my agenda done. I got a little bogged down with depression today, and spent most of the afternoon wandering from computer to television to book and back again. I just seem to be unable to make progress — the television guy hasn't called me back (I've left two voicemails and an email), the EGarden decided my furniture is too expensive (personally, I think they're crazy, but that's another story), neither of the recruiter jobs has come through, and there's NOTHING in the want ads. I just feel stymied, and very sorry for myself, and hopeless. At the same time, I feel guilty and weak for letting it get me down, which of course makes me feel even worse... I've been pushing it away most days by telling myself that it is not  necessary  to be depressed and stressed — it won't help me find a job any faster. If I do my best to find a job during the day, then there's no reason I shouldn't relax and even enjoy myself during the rest of the time. But I almost feel like I'm not  allowed  to be worry-free, that it means I'm not serious and not trying hard enough.  Just once, I'd like to be happy during a happy time and sad during a sad time, and not keep QUESTIONING myself about whether those feelings are valid and permitted. 
    
    


    
       7:24 a.m. Sunday, Day 194.  I've been so busy today, just haven't had time to post. I don't have anything interesting to say, so no big loss to anyone! Let's see... one of my crowns came off. Will need to visit the dentist asap. Got the paper this morning and there were NO jobs for me. I mean, NONE. Feh. Am eating quite well, I expect to be around 1100 calories at the end of today. That's about it. 
    
    


    
       7:24 a.m. Saturday, Day 193.  I'm feeling good this morning, even though I drank more wine than was strictly necessary last night. If I drink (x) amount, it disrupts my sleep; if I drink (x+1) I sleep soundly; if I drink (x+2) I'm restless and feel awful the next day. Evidently I hit (x+1) square on the nose.  1858 calories yesterday. Not bad for Friday. The wine was about a third of that; I ate lightly. Made curried chicken salad with the low-fat mayo for dinner; Bucko had his on bread and I had mine on lettuce — I figure my whole dinner was just under 200 calories. I was trying to compensate a little because I'd eaten saltines and butter earlier in the day.  Man, saltines are salty. I can't claim that they blindsided me, though, because it says right there in the name. Anyway, I've been having a giant craving for fat. Grease, butter, oil, you name it. My calorie distribution works out to be only about 12% fat, which is quite low, so I'm wondering if my body is expressing a legitimate need for more (as opposed to a mental/emotional craving). I'm not deliberately keeping the ratio that low, it's just that fat has twice the calories of carbohydrates or protein, so when you're trying to keep the calories low you end up cutting out the fat.   I've been plateaued for such a long time that I'm eagerly awaiting any sign that I'm losing again. Really, I can't even say it was a plateau, because definitely it was self-induced, but you know what I mean. I'm setting July 31 as the next trying-on of the Measurement Shorts, to see if progress has occurred.   Anyway, today I'm thinking about how far I've come, and I realize that it was all worth it. It's been just over 6 months, and I've lost about 40 pounds. If I never lose another pound, it's been worth it, even the bad days, and it's worth maintaining the diet/exercise to keep that 40 pounds off — my life has changed significantly just from that amount. Here are some of the differences between now and then:   I can pick up things that fall on the floor.   I can wear shorts somewhat gracefully.   I can reach my own butt (not pretty, but someone has to admit it).   I don't have to slide the car seat backward to get out.   I can squat. I can tie my shoes. I can cut my toenails.   Snoring greatly diminished.   I fit into restaurant booths.   My heels don't hurt in the morning.   There are also some psychological differences, that have to do with me feeling more confident and less of a freak (yes, let me disclaim right away that I wish I would feel like that regardless of my weight!). I went to a fast-food driveup window by myself for the first time in my life. Yep, 43 years old, NEVER gone to a driveup window alone. Too self-conscious. I don't hide from the camera now. As agonizing as it is for me, now I am able to walk into stores and try to sell them my stuff.   I know I've mentioned the positive body image websites once in a while, but I will plug them again now. The general message is: you are a valid, legitimate person, regardless of your weight. Live your life now, don't delay your goals until you're the "right" weight. I guess some people who subscribe to these ideas also do  not  subscribe to the idea of diet/exercise for the purpose of weight loss. Which is fine; I think that's a perfectly logical conclusion and a valid point of view. Think how much time and energy we would have available to DO things if we weren't focusing our lives on our bodies.* I went through a couple years of not trying to lose weight, and although this sounds contradictory, it's part of what finally gave me the strong base from which to make an effective attempt. Although I do have my bad days and moments of self-loathing, the PBI tenets help keep them at a minimum, and remove a lot of the frustration, desperation, and anger that have fueled previous weight loss attempts. I'm a lot calmer about it this time, and (I think) I'm approaching it more reasonably and sanely. I'm dedicated to losing weight, I WANT it, but I'm also not torturing myself over failures and setbacks. I feel like, I'm going to be doing this (this=eating well and exercising) for the rest of my life, there's not really a time limit on when I lose this particular 5 pounds, now or two months from now. Sure, my preference would be to smack myself upside the head with a magic wand and lose it all right now (WHUMP! SPLAT! EW!), but PBI helps me to keep going even when that doesn't magically happen.  *I am SO not trying to discourage anyone from trying to lose weight. One of my reasons for trying to lose is that I believe I will be able to do MORE things, to accomplish more, if I feel strong and good about my body.  Here are some of my favorite sites:  urlLink Body Positive   urlLink Mary Mc's Fat Acceptance Stuff   urlLink Lynne Murray (author)   urlLink Radiance Magazine  Sadly the print version of this mag is no more, but read their article archives. 
    
    


    
       6:26 a.m. Friday, Day 192. I am STARVING this morning. Only 1281 calories yesterday, that probably explains it. I needed that to balance out Wednesday. Somewhere I found a recipe for wasabi tuna, and I also use it for salmon. You marinate the fish in soy sauce and sesame oil for one hour (no more, or it gets too salty), crust it with sesame seeds, and pan fry or bake. The extra delicious part is the wasabi mayonnaise served with it: mix up some wasabi (or buy already mixed) and stir it into low-fat mayo. Use your own taste for proportions. I've tried mixing the wasabi powder right into the mayo, but for some reason it comes out bitter.  Not sure what I'm going to do today. Call the TV guy for sure. It's been a week, so I don't think it will be pushy to contact him again. I have another sample board I should do (burr walnut). I don't know what else. I already searched Monster and several local job boards. Found one little job and applied for it. I'm thinking about going down to the busy intersection and standing there with a sign that says "will work for salary and benefits."  Yesterday I shopped at the FooDog (aka Food Lion) because it is generally the cheapest grocery store. I bought the FooDog brand Flavored Sparkling Water Beverage. Gaaah!  It's sweetened with Splenda, and is massively OVERsweetened. It's nasty. I bought 3 liters of the darned stuff. Thankfully only 50 cents a liter, but still...  10:08 a.m. 60 minutes of Cardio Blast. Yeah, I feel blasted. I'm glad I found that show - I need to do more strength training, and have been unmotivated when it comes to using the SensibleGym.  I need someone to tell me what to do. When I'm left to my own devices with exercise, I tend to slack off and not work hard enough.  It's that holding your hand over the flame experience, or maybe it's inertia. At any rate, I don't exert myself hard enough without a metronome of some kind.  4:51 p.m. Haven't accomplished much this afternoon, but I did get a really nice burr walnut sample board. I will accept that as a Good Sign. 
    
    


    
       6:19 a.m. Thursday, Day 191.  Another good night's sleep, yet I feel so-so. Bucko believes there is a pollen abroad that is making me feel crappy. Could be.  I am determined to pull myself up by my bootstraps, emotionally, today. No more whining and crying. Today I will be energetic and constructive. You can't tell of course, but I am typing that to myself in a very stern tone.   1767 calories yesterday. It's within my range but it's not great, for so early in the week. I would have been okay, but then in the evening I just HAD to have a slice of bread with peanut butter. VERY unusual for me. I kept the peanut butter down to a thin layer, and I can report that works very well. It doesn't have to be a giant heap to be satisfying.  Unrelated anecdote: Whenever I wash my hair, I spend the whole day picking up loose hairs from my clothes, the floor, the desk, the kitchen counters, the grilled chicken salad, etc. I don't know why this happens. I mean, I know hair falls out regularly and grows back - my hair is as thick as ever, I'm not losing more than I replace. So what's the deal? I guess shampooing loosens up a bunch of it at once. At any rate, it's become a major annoyance. I'm going to start wearing a hair net or something, because it is SO gross to pull a big old hair out of a salad. Especially when it breaks off when you tug on it, and you know there's another several inches still lurking in the lettuce. Yesterday I pulled out a hair that just went on and on, so I decided to measure it. How long? 29 inches. I'm 63 inches tall, so that's 46% of my body length!  I think it's time for a haircut before I start to look freakish.  8:18 a.m. So here's my plan for today: 1. Job looking (done). Yes, that was fast, but it doesn't take long to read one page of classifieds. 2. Exercise. Waiting until 9:00 for Cardio Blast. 3. Contact another trendy home furnishings store I found. I think I will mail them a little package of photos of my work. 4. Attempt the malachite sample board again. At least I know where I went wrong yesterday.  5. Perhaps grocery shop. I'm afraid to spend money, but we do have to eat, right? Also visit PO Box. 6. Call the unemployment office and try to talk sense into them.  10:46 a.m. Cardio Blast was, unfortunately, step aerobics. So I did a Sweating to the Oldies tape. That's fine, I got a reasonable workout and it gives me another day for my arm and back muscles to rest. Wrote my letter to the trendy home store and put it in the mail. Sent an updated resume to the two recruiters I've been dealing with. So even if the rest of my day goes completely to hell, I've accomplished  something.  I will try REALLY hard not to freak out today. Yesterday sucked, and I don't want to repeat it.  3:47 p.m. I've done everything on my list. Can I relax now? Yes, I can. I'm a little higher on calories (648) than I want to be at this time of day, so I will curtail any afternoon snack. No problem, I'm not hungry. I had salmon for lunch (on $ale), and it was delicious. Not sure what I'm making for dinner. Maybe cauliflower and chicken.  I haven't freaked out today, so that's good. The malachite didn't go as well as I'd hoped; good thing I'm working out the bugs now instead of on a customer. The problem is I don't do this often enough; after I've worked out a really good technique I sometimes forget what I've done because it's been so long. I do keep notes, but there is a certain amount of on-the-spot mental and physical effort that can't really be transcribed into how-to language. On a positive note, I'm almost through my third week of daily exercise! (I consider daily exercise to be M-F, a little disclaimer there...). It's been hard to get back into the groove of it, so I'm patting myself on the back.  Another unrelated thought: whenever I see rodeo on television (ESPN, Outdoor Channel, Spike), I always call it The Gay Rodeo. Oh look, The Gay Rodeo is on. There's something about rodeos that strikes me as very... gay. Maybe it's the chaps. 
    
    


    
       7:05 a.m. Wednesday, Day 190.  Wow, almost up to Day 200. Is that any kind of landmark?  Got a lot of sleep but still feel kind of groggy this morning. Overall not very chipper, slight headache. There is simply no justice in the universe - I ate nothing weird yesterday, didn't drink any alcohol, and got a lot of sleep. I should feel GREAT today, not half-assed. I wish I knew who to sue.  10:32 a.m. Did 30 minutes cardio. Kind of lame, but it's all I could manage. I watched Cardio Blast, but my muscles are too sore to do it today - I need a rest day. So I did step while I watched other people exercise. Searched for jobs with no result. Posted my resume on Monster and CareerBuilder. Haven't heard back about those state jobs. They move glacially, so I might get an offer four months from now when I (hopefully) have another job.  2:20 p.m. I am REALLY depressed today. Nothing seems to be going well. The TV guy hasn't called me back. I've left him a voice mail and an email, so I don't want to  stalk  him. There's being proactive and there's being a giant pest, and I want to stay on the right side of that comparison. In the same vein, the E.Garden isn't calling me back about my furniture. My malachite sample board went to complete hell, and I have to redo it, which means several hours drying time before the next board is ready to work on. The job search is worrisome. I'm not getting anywhere, and running out of money fast. The employment situation around here is bad - I can't even get temp agencies to talk to me. I'm starting to freak out: what am I going to do in approximately 4 weeks when there is no money to pay bills or buy food? No really, what do I do? Apply for welfare? Call the bank and say Sorry, won't be paying my mortgage anymore? I'm at a loss.  Well, I know that's all loser talk, but I need to vent it. I'm scared shitless and don't have any ideas to fix the situation. This is the point in the movie where the brave heroine, on her last crust of bread, is discovered by a wealthy movie producer who hires her to star in a big picture. Where, with one can of soup left in the cupboard, a painting finally sells. A gangster drops a briefcase of money in front of her. SOMETHING.  Something  is supposed to happen now, dammit. This is NOT supposed to be the kind of movie where the heroine goes broke, loses her house, lives in her car, and ends up murdered by car jackers.  Here's a sort of funny(not) story about my brother. We were talking the other day on the phone, about how we were so poor when we were starting out. We all three (I had another brother) started adult life with  no  financial help from our parents. We all three moved out as soon as we turned 18, and naturally we had nothing. So I was telling Jimmy how poor Bucko and I were, our jobs were so low-paying, rent was so high, we used to eat potatoes - literally, nothing but potatoes and ramen - for weeks at a time. We slept on the floor of our apartment, because we couldn't afford a mattress, let alone a bed to put it on. Anyway, you get the drift. Boo-hoo. So then poor little Jimmy starts talking about when he was 19 or 20, and it gets to be like one of those "How poor were you...?" jokes. He couldn't even afford the potatoes; he was eating at a church charity kitchen. One time he was so destitute and starving, there was a whole week where he had to skip out on his lunch hour from work, and go up Boulder Canyon and FISH IN THE STREAM FOR FOOD. Not for recreation, for FOOD.  Now that's just bad. And I guess that's what I'm afraid of right now. I don't think I can handle that kind of life anymore. It's bad enough thing when you're young and strong, but I feel like that would just destroy me now. I know I'm being incredibly pessimistic here, but the story doesn't always have a happy ending. There's no guarantee that this one will, and I'm scared right down to my bones. Oh, I hope I'm going to have a better outlook tomorrow. I will write happier things, or at least weight-loss related things, tomorrow. I promise.  Completely unrelated thought, but happy (OH AT LAST MARLA): When it snows, I wish so much I could fly, because I would like to fly to the top of the very tall pine trees in our backyard, and lick the cold cold piney-minty snow off the needles. Wouldn't that be refreshing? 
    
    


    
       6:37 a.m. Tuesday, Day 189. Feeling pretty good, but definitely some reaction to the intense weight lifting yesterday. I may have to glide today, something that's mostly lower body, instead of doing Cardio Blast. We'll see, maybe they alternate the programs in a sensible way. Slept well, woke up only once. I think I got about eight and a half hours sleep.  Haven't even thought about what I'm going to do today, first day back after the three-day weekend. Exercise, of course. And maybe the guy from the TV station will call me. I have a loose script put together, but don't want to go too far with that until I talk with him. Of course job-looking, but the want ads were pretty slim pickins this week.  7:58 a.m. I have made a mid-year resolution for myself, which is to not criticize or complain about things that don't affect me. Things that are none of my business. Things that, if you don't like them, you just don't DO them/go there/watch them. You know I'm going to break this resolution a billion times, but I'm at least going to attempt it. It's just too easy to mock things, to tear things down, and it's to no purpose. This doesn't mean I will lose all power of discrimination - being human means the ability to like and dislike, to apply tests, to make judgments, and I will continue to think that way and write about it. I just mean I want to stop  making fun of  people who aren't doing any harm. We'll see how long that lasts...  10:09 a.m. I was able to do Cardio Blast - today was legs and shoulders. I'm exhausted but feel good, same as yesterday. AND I did 10 minutes of aerobics beforehand, so that means 80 minutes of exercise today.   I RULE.   4:55 p.m. So here's what I did today: 1. Looked for a job. 2. Exercised. 3. Finished Dreamweaver tutorial. 4. Ate lunch. 5. Surfed and blogged. 6. Did base coats for a couple sample boards. 7. Drew a picture of a shoe. Does that sound like a nice day, or kind of pitiful? Not sure. 
    
    


    
       6:29 a.m. Monday, Day 188. I'm up too early, as usual. Woke up at 5:30, which still gives me a couple more hours sleep than I normally get, so I really should feel better than I do. I think I'm a little dehydrated.  Last week was excellent. I have racked up two good weeks in a row, i.e., I exercised  every  day, and stayed within my one pound per week (oppw) caloric range. I calculate I lost 2.25 pounds for that period. I feel like I'm back on track and remotivated. I'm not sure what to credit, but I think re-reading my journal was helpful.   Had a fantastic dinner last night: lettuce wraps. I sliced up cucumber, carrots, zucchini, and onion. Also had bean sprouts and shrimp. Then we put a spices, soy sauce, sesame oil, lemon juice, etc., on the table, and built our wraps from this little buffet. It was SO good. A perfect Sunday supper, because I was able to sit around and chop up vegetables, which is rather time consuming. That is something I will point out again, that the success I've had so far (-40 lbs) is largely due to having the TIME to exercise, shop, and prepare food. I am somewhat concerned about how I will cope if/when I have a job again. Guess I'll be buying those wretched Smart Ones frozen dinners.  I will try to do Cardio Blast this morning. One day last week they were doing "Rhythmic Step," which is that hateful mambo-cha-cha crap. What a disappointment. I know some people like that stuff, probably a LOT of people like it since it's so prevalent, but I hate it. I want to  exercise,  not stand around confused trying to figure out the steps. Of course she's been completely discredited now, but Susan P0wter said something in her Stop the Madness book that really struck me, about aerobics instructors being frustrated Broadway dancers. It was catty but oh so true. On a completely unrelated, non-weight-loss note, there is a writer named  urlLink Susan Power,  no "t", who is really good and I am waiting impatiently until her next book is in paperback. Anyway, back on subject: that's what I like about the Richard Simmons videos, the steps are not complicated, and they are in cycles of eight repetitions, four reps, single reps. The mambo school of exercise is, in my opinion, dangerous. There is not enough repetition, the steps are sometimes done only once, so that you are constantly changing position and footing, while prancing around on a step, and in my world that's inviting a twisted ankle or worse.  10:09 a.m. Did ONE HOUR of cardio blast! Whoo-hoo!  It was mostly weights, for chest and back. I did cardio during the commercials and during the couple exercises that I cannot do AT ALL. Like the supine plank. Yeah, right, I can barely do a regular plank for two seconds. But that's okay, little steps, little steps. I feel great, nice and warmed up and tired but happily so.  5:45 p.m. A good day, calorie-wise. I'm at 1346 after dinner. We ate pretty early, so I suspect I might want a little snackie later, but I can keep it reasonable. I hope this will be three good weeks in a row.  7:38 p.m. Had a little snackie, but it was celery. A negative calorie food, as it's called. Apparently you burn more calories chewing it than you take in. I'm having that can't-eat-enough feeling, so I'm taking my own advice and writing in my journal to focus on  losing  weight, not on eating. I'm not sure that makes sense, but it's working for me. 
    
    


    
       6:29 a.m. Sunday, Day 187.  I almost slept through the whole night!  I'm up early, but still I must have gotten eight hours sleep. I'm surprised, after eating and drinking such variety yesterday. A lot more sugar than I usually have.  Happy 4th of July, here is my emoticon for a fire cracker:   ~~~~~~~[////]>   Answers to questions nobody asked   Q: If you won the lottery, what is the first thing you would buy? A: I would go to the music store and spend $5000 on CDs. Q: What was your favorite Halloween costume ever? A: Robin Hood. Q: What is the first book you ever read? A: "I Hop." The rousing tale of a boy, a girl, a dog, a cat, and various other one-syllable animals who each, in turn, hop.  Q: What's the best book you've ever read? A: There are about 500. Q: What's the  worst  book you've ever read, excluding stroke books and user manuals? A: "Less Than Zero." Q: What's the worst book you've ever read,  including  stroke books and user manuals? A: "Army Wife." I'm pretty sure it was written by a software program. Example paragraph - "He removed his clothes as quickly as he knew how. Once that he had stripped off his shorts, he slid his body inside of the bed. He moved his fingers back and forth against her tits. He looked down at his long, huge cock, feeling the waves of anticipation in his balls. The more convinced he now became that he just had to manipulate his hot, inflated fuck stick inside of her pussy." Q: What names have you picked out for the children you will never have? A: Boy: Wolfgang. Girl: Simone. Q: What are the three types of columns in the ancient world? A: Ionic, Doric, and Corinthian. Q: What is the sleaziest thing ever? A: Wearing a thong with low-rise jeans. 
    
    


    
       7:36 a.m. Saturday, Day 186.  Feel okay today. I was awake from 4:30 to 5:30, but that's late enough in the night that I got most of my sleep undisturbed. A little on the high side yesterday - 1835 calories - which is typical of Friday. Not to worry. I did glide for 30 minutes after that last entry. It was hellish, but I was glad I did it.  Brunch this morning with Daisy. I'm making devilled eggs, which Bucko ADORES, and also scrambled. We have some steamed shrimp. Locally-made sausage. Tomatoes and coffee cake. She's bringing bread, fruit, and Mimosas. So I'm thinking today will be on the high side, also. The beginning of the week I was so low I should still come out within range. 
    
    


    
       6:17 a.m. Friday, Day 185.  Feeling a bit SLOW today. Had martinis last night, which of course led to disrupted sleep. Q: When will I learn? A: Never.  An interesting thing happened this morning. I got an email from a producer at the local CNN affiliate, and he produces a segment called At Home, which covers "from crafts to table decorating." He wants to know if I am interested in being on it. Duh Wilbur!  Hell yeah I want to be on it! I just taped and watched the Friday segment at 8:45, which was indeed about table decorating. It was three minutes long, in the "how to" format. I have NO IDEA what I could show people how to do. Something, anything, whatever, I'll think of something!  So that's my number one priority today, call this guy back. I'm moving exercise to number 2 only because I am too frail to do it this morning. It will have to be after several hours of drinking water and possibly a nap. We are having a little brunch with Daisy tomorrow around 11:00. If it's cool enough, we can sit on the new deck. So I will be shopping today also. And I want to update my [decorative painting] web page a little, especially the "About" part. In anticipation of the millions of people who will visit after my very special TV segment airs. That's all I have planned.   5:03 p.m. Guess who hasn't exercised yet. Oh, it's no fun guessing, you know it's me. I'm going to do it right now. I will glide while the chicken is cooking. Update on TV thing: Called the guy, got his machine, left message. He's probably taken the day off for a four-day weekend. I'm so excited. I forwarded his email to Daisy immediately, and she said "You know this completely blows your theory." My theory being that because I am so introverted I never go out of the house and thus never meet anyone or make any contacts or find any opportunities. I always say "Nobody is going to come banging on my door looking for me and dragging me into the limelight."  Apparently I was wrong. 
    
    


    
       6:17 a.m. Thursday, Day 184. Feeling okay, neither up nor down. Slept reasonably well — I did wake up around 3:30 and had somewhat broken sleep after that, but not major. So... I feel okay. Had a nice dream about whales flying, and Godzilla coming to wreck a small seaside town, and everyone meeting at a restaurant that had awesome clam chowder to discuss what to do. It was cozy.  1291 calories yesterday. Whooee. That's just under the low end of my range (1300-1800 per day). I didn't go that low on purpose, it just ended up that way. Which is fine, because you know on Friday I'll be way over the top end.  I use a daily caloric goal as a yardstick, but I figure my progress on a weekly basis (9,100 and 12,000). I think that's a more realistic and accurate unit of time — what I eat for one meal, or even one day, is not significant. It's what I'm eating over the period of seven days, or even two or three weeks that matters. That's the weird Catch 22 about dieting, psychologically. You know one meal doesn't make or break the diet, but those one meals all add up to your pattern over the week or the month. That's how you (I) become fanatic about dieting: keeping those "exceptions" under control, making sure they don't become the norm. It's easy to freak over one incident, because you're on such a tightrope. You're not supposed to obsess about food, that's bad, versus you're supposed to count all your food and keep a detailed food diary, that's good. Huh? Run that by me again?  Speaking of food diaries, I don't put my food online for two reasons: 1. I'm lazy. In fact, I'm too lazy to come up with a second reason. But I find it useful once in a while to see what other people are eating. It gives me ideas. So here, just for kicks, is the record of what I ate on Monday, June 28, with calories in parens:*     1 cup coffee with sugar, creamer, and Benefiber (38); half a can of Southwestern Chicken soup (120); / Healthy Choice salisbury steak entree (360); slice of fresh pineapple and some celery (40); / homemade vegetable pasta salad with parmesan cheese (445); lettuce and red pepper salad with oil and vinegar dressing (90); 1 glass wine (90); / half a cup of frozen raspberries (66). = 1249.  The slashes indicate breaks, or meals, or however you want to define it. One reason I'm getting away with such low calories for so much food is the proportion of ingredients. For instance, the vegetable pasta salad is 90% vegetables and 10% pasta. The oil and vinegar dressing is mostly vinegar. Here is what I ate on a higher calorie day, Friday June 25:     1 cup coffee with sugar, creamer, and Benefiber (38); 1 cup red grapes (110); lettuce and red pepper salad with oil and vinegar dressing (90); / half ounce cheese (86); 1 carrot (30); / 2 eggs (150); ground turkey (193); 1 cup red grapes (110); / 1 martini (240); salad with meat and oil and vinegar dressing (350); / half ounce cheese (86); 3 glasses wine [18 oz] (360) = 1843.  That last was during  urlLink Hungry Hormone Hippo  week.  I felt like I could NOT STOP eating, but in retrospect, it's not that bad. 1843 calories is not a huge amount of food. While I was looking back for examples of a high calorie day, I saw two situations in which I go way over my range (like 2400 calories): 1. When I have something other than soup for breakfast. It's hard to beat 120 calories and still eat something satisfying, so when I try something else I inevitably end up with a couple hundred calories added on before I've hardly started the day, plus I am still hungry, which leads to more eating. 2. Large drinking and/or eating in restaurants.  *Yep, here's that footnote, at last. The way I figure calories is thus: if there is nutritional info on the package, I use that. If there isn't, I use Netzer's "The Complete Book of Food Counts."  If that is inadequate (it's sometimes confusing) I use  urlLink this website.  
    


	 
       urlLink Andrew Sullivan  is absolutely blistering about the President's proposed "Fag Amendment" ban on gay marriage. And he's absolutely right. This is a farce. This is not why we have a Constitution. It's an insult to the integrity of that document. You don't have to be a fan of gay marriage to support the integrity of the Constitution.   I hope this is just Bush playing to the base, with a plan he has no intention of really pursuing. But even if that's the case, it's cheap, cruel, and frittering away another chance to bring the country toward dialogue and away from internal confrontation. And it's frittering away me. I've been supporting the administration almost entirely based on foreign policy. The domestic side is pretty dreadful.   I've been impressed by the photos from San Francisco. Average people, dressed in tuxedos and wedding gowns, or business suits, or jeans and flannel shirts, lining up to get a simple piece of paper that validates their emotional attachments. Who is harmed by that? Images like that, if they have enough time to seep into the public consciousness, will change more minds than any argument, however logical.    25th. (Christmas-day). To church in the morning, and there saw a wedding in the church, which I have not seen many a day; and the young people so merry one with another, and strange to see what delight we married people have to these poor fools decoyed into our condition, every man and woman gazing and smiling at them.  [Samuel Pepys, Diary, December 25, 1665]   The Santorum objection -- that allowing gays to marry with lead to a slippery slope of condoned bestiality and paedophilia -- seems to be easily answered by defining marriage/civil union (on the state level) as a contract between consenting adults. The other objection I can see is to San Francisco's flouting of state law; a bit of "nullification" on an odd modern context. The ghost of Edmund Ruffin walks Castro Street at midnight. Civil disobedience isn't the answer to every bad law, but this one, again, seems to harm no one.   It irks me to read that the GOP pulled this wedge issue stunt "to appeal to conservatives." One of the core definitions of a conservative is someone who has a strong respect for the Constitution as it was written, and one who tends to support state's rights. This amendment proposal is poison to them. 
     
    


	 
      I have no intention of seeing Mel Gibson's big-budget Aramaic snuff film, but some things can be noted even without seeing the movie. The debate among critics and pundits about whether Gibson "took liberties" with the Gospel is amusing. It shows how Americans still have few clues about the book that many of them revere above the law and common sense.  Just turning the New Testament into a narrative involves gross liberties taken. There are four versions of the story. Each one is different from the others. In some places one or two agree, but in key places they give four different versions of events. To pick one, the writer has to ignore the majority.  There are variant readings of all those gospels, some of them very ancient.  Gibson may use Latin or Aramaic in his dialogue, but the gospels were written in Greek, including most of the dialogue. To figure out what anyone said, you'd have to guess which word of Latin or Aramaic was translated into which word of Greek.
     
    


	 
       urlLink  Elena and her Kawasaki Ninja visit the ghost city of Chernobyl. She takes beautiful, tragic pictures and writes heartwrenching simple observations.  
     
    


	 
      "ETA or al Qaeda--the difference is important, to be sure, but the response to what has happened should be the same: firmness, political unity and international cooperation. Each and every democrat in the world was on those trains in Madrid. It has been an attack against all of us, against everything we believe in, and against everything we have built.  "It is precisely for this reason that we must not send out confusing messages, messages that induce people to believe that we have to make concessions to those demanding that we kneel before bombs."   urlLink  The whole piece. Worthwhile reading.   
     
    


	 
       (This was an e-mail I sent to a well-known woman blogger from Iraq, who finds that her life now is far worse than it was under Saddam, and who never seems to pass up a chance to get in a dig at Americans. It seemed to me she shot and missed with this one. No, she didn't write back, of course.)   You wrote:   "Important note to those of you who are going to email me: The last few days, I have received at least 3 emails saying, "I read your blog and don't agree with what you say but we have a famous saying in America- I don't agree with what you say but I'll die for your right to say it." Just a note- it's not your famous American saying, it is French and it is Voltaire's famous saying:"I do not agree with a word you say, but I will fight to the death for your right to say it." "   Actually, you're wrong.  The quote usually appears as "I disapprove of what you say, but I will defend to the death your right to say it." It's often attributed to Voltaire. But it's not from his writings. The quote is first used in 1906, by a woman named Evelyn Beatrice Hall (1868-1919), who wrote a biography of Voltaire under the pseudonym S.G. Tallentyre.  Here's the relevant passage from her book:   ...The men who had hated [the book], and had not particularly loved Helvétius, flocked round him now. Voltaire forgave him all injuries, intentional or unintentional. 'What a fuss about an omelette!' he had exclaimed when he heard of the burning. How abominably unjust to persecute a man for such an airy trifle as that! 'I disapprove of what you say, but I will defend to the death your right to say it,' was his attitude now.    She said it was a paraphrase of Voltaire's words in his  "Essay on Tolerance" : "Think for yourselves and let others enjoy the privilege to do so too."  This was the source of the quote that Americans reach for when they are troubled when someone uses the free speech that we cherish, to say things that we despise. It's often said through gritted teeth, by people who are working very hard to remind themselves that this whole free speech thing is a good idea. Everyone gets tested like that sooner or later.  It wasn't a Frenchman who said the thing that we like to repeat. It was an Englishwoman.  As a footnote, Norbert Guterman, in  "A Book of French Quotations"  (1963) found this line in a letter from Voltaire to M. le Riche (Feb. 6, 1770): "Monsieur l'abbé, I detest what you write, but I would give my life to make it possible for you to continue to write." That's pretty close to the quote, and it may have been the source of Hell's quote, though she remembered it otherwise. It's a stronger statement than the usual quote, but it's a more ambivalent statement. What exactly does he mean? Especially for a man who would write, six years later, "I am very fond of truth, but not at all of martyrdom."  You're far from alone in misattributing this quote. So much so that one historical researcher has paraphrased it as, "I may disagree with what you say, but I will defend to the death your right to mis-attribute this quote to Voltaire."  You never said your despised American correspondents said it was "our" quote, one that was unique to us and invented by us. So what's the point of pointing out that it came from a Frenchman? It can still be famous and oft-heard over here, and not be indigenous. Really, very little of America is original, and almost none of the best of it is. We know that, and it doesn't bother us. Everyone here is from somewhere else, ultimately. Every idea that formed our Declaration of Independence and Constitution was first hatched in some European mind -- a considerable chunk of it from Voltaire, in fact. Doesn't bother us. Many of the men who led the colonies into independence were born overseas.  It can still be true, even if it's not ours. It can still be "a famous saying in America" even if it's not native. Arnold Schwarzenegger is a famous American governor, but he wasn't born here.  I read your blog daily. I like the passion and articulateness of it. I wince at your sarcasm and cynicism. I disagree with your views, but your experiences are important and cannot be dismissed by people like me, who thought the war to get rid of Saddam was a good idea. And I like to test my view of things against yours, which is invariably different, to see which holds up better.  Best wishes, and keep up the good work,  Doug Harper Pennsylvania, U.S. 
     
    


	 
        A neighbour of mine refuses to let her boy play with "militaristic" toys. So when a friend gave the l'il tyke a plastic sword and shield, mom mulled it over and then took away the former and allowed him to keep the latter. And for a while, on my drive down to town, I'd pass Junior in the yard playing with his shield, mastering the art of cowering more effectively against unseen blows.  That's how the "peace" crowd thinks the West should fight terrorism: eschew the sword, but keep the shield if you absolutely have to. Yesterday, The Telegraph reported that two Greenpeace activists had climbed up to Big Ben to protest at the Iraq war. Don't ask me why Greenpeace is opposed to the liberation of Iraq. It's been marvellous for the eco-system: the marshlands of southern Iraq are now being restored after decades of Saddamite devastation.     urlLink  "We tried appeasement once before..." by Mark Steyn  
     
    


	 
      The president gave his big speech to representatives of world leaders the other, to mark the first anniversary of the Iraq War. It wasn't bad. But here's some of what I wish he had said:   We in this administration sometimes said Iraq was a threat to the world because it had weapons of mass destruction. At the time, we thought we were right about that. Looking back, we presented a few stories as evidence that turned out to be tall tales. Looking back, we spoke about some matters as certain that were in fact speculative. That was wrong, because it now comes up to cast a shadow on what was a just and proper, if painful, course of action. Good people who took risks to stand by us during this crisis now feel misled by this. And those who oppose us in everything take malicious pleasure in magnifying a handful of wrong statements into a supposed policy of perfidy.  The fact is, nobody before the spring of 2003 knew Saddam had no powerful destructive weapons -- not even Saddam himself knew this, apparently. Ask Hans Blix. Ask the writers against the war who, before it began, predicted that a coalition attack would provoke a rain of hellish artillery on our troops, on Israel, on Saudi Arabia. The fact is, Saddam shut out the U.N. inspectors, and that left us to guess at what he was doing, and we guessed on the side of the safety of the rest of the world. Given the track record of this man, in the same situation again, we would make the same choice.  Another fact that has been overlooked, somehow, is that Saddam was in material and serious violation of the agreement with the United Nations which dealt with his weapons programs. Since we in this administration were trying to work through the U.N., and to convince the U.N. to stand up for itself, we leaned particularly hard on the point of weapons programs in the run-up to the war, rather than the other justifications for our actions.  It is highly unusual that we had to go that route with the U.N. The U.N. has an eloquent document affirming human rights around the world, but it has no inclination or desire to enforce a single word of it. And that was the other, better reason we had to go to war against Saddam: The lives of 25 million Iraqis.  Let's get this out in the open right now. American administrations and policies from the 1970s to 1991 helped keep Saddam in power and helped him expand his power. He used weapons we sold him to do horrible things to his neighbors and his own people. My father was involved in that. People who are important in this administration were involved in that in key ways. Democrats in Congress were involved in that. To the Iraqi people, we apologize. We are doing our best right now, in your country, to right the wrong we have done to you.  In the Cold War, America could make difficult ethical decisions in terms of the global conflict between freedom and communism. At times, America supported manifestly un-free regimes if they took our side. There was a certain logic to that in the Cold War, but that war is over. And as with all pacts with the Devil, there is a price to be paid.  A new war has begun. It began, for us, on Sept. 11, 2001. After that day, we learned the danger of leaving a nation without cleaning up our mess before we go. We left Osama bin Laden and the Taliban in Afghanistan, and we paid a terrible price for that. We are much more aware, now, of what monsters can grow from the dragons teeth America has sown.  And this is the third reason we went to war against Saddam. After the terror attacks in New York and Washington and over Pennsylvania, many people in the world told America, "don't just go out and kill terrorists; strike at the root cause of terrorism."  My friends, that is exactly what we are attempting to do in Iraq. World terror right now disproportionately comes from Muslim lands and the Middle East. Those are some of the poorest, most repressed, stagnant places on this earth. Their demographics leave them with a bulging population of young men, who feel little hope and much bitterness. For too long, leading voices in that world have blamed all its problems on the West. And we have allowed this to happen, and we have not challenged the distortions and the lies.  Already, since the fall of Saddam, we are doing so. They said Americans would go to Iraq to steal its oil. Instead, we are there building its schools and filling them with textbooks. They said we would go there to build an empire. Instead, coalition forces are organizing neighborhood citizens' councils and teaching the nuts and bolts of democracy. With the guidance of American and coalition leaders, a broad range of Iraqis have drafted a constitution that is a model for the Middle East.   And so forth. Of course, I'm not sure these are things he could honestly say. It's a strange position I am in and many others I know of are in: supporting people you don't entirely trust in doing something you don't entirely trust them in doing.  
     
    


	 
          "But let us allow, for the moment, that the mass outcry against American hegemony is the voice of the true, the eternal and the compassionate left. Allowing that, we can put the best possible construction on its pervasiveness. Not just the majority of the intellectuals, academics and schoolteachers, but most of the face-workers in the media, share the view that international terrorism is to be explained by the vices of the liberal democracies. Or, at any rate, they shared it until a few days ago. It will be interesting, in the shattering light of an explosive event, to see if that easy view continues now to be quite so widespread, and how much room is made for the more awkward view that the true instigation for terrorism might not be the vices of the liberal democracies, but their virtues."     [Clive James, after the Bali bombing, hat tip to  urlLink  Andrew Sullivan   for digging it up again at this timely juncture.]  And this, from a  "Washington Post"  article on Europe's reaction to the Madrid bombings:     "Only a dreamer would believe that Germany will not be attacked," say the editors of Bild, Germany's best-selling tabloid. "Islamic terrorists are waging a war against the West, not just against individual countries."  Sociologist Emilio Lamo de Espinosa says Europeans have been dreaming. Writing in Le Monde (in French), Lamo says Europeans have thought they would be spared because they haven't supported the Bush administration's policies.  "When the Americans declared war on terrorism, many of us thought they exaggerated. Many thought terrorism was not likely to occur on our premises, [inhabited by] peaceful and civilized Europeans who speak no evil of anybody, who dialogue, who are the first [to] send assistance and offer cooperation. We are pacifists, they are warmongers. ... Don't we defend the Palestinians? Are we not pro-Arab and anti-Israeli?"   "Can we dialogue with those who desire only our death and nothing but our death?" Lamo asks. "Dialogue about what? The manner in which we will be assassinated?"      Well, Zapatero probably would try that. From today's "Guardian":     "I will listen to Mr Bush, but my position is very clear and very firm," he said. "The occupation is a fiasco. Combating terrorism with bombs -- with Tomahawk missiles, isn't the way to defeat terrorism. Terrorism is fought by the state of law. That's what I think Europe and the international community have to debate."     Sigh. Now this level-headed bit from  "The Economist" :     Some critics of the war in Iraq say that there is no such danger. There was no genuine link between toppling Saddam and fighting al-Qaeda, so to punish governments for what opponents claim was an illegal invasion is a quite separate matter. Mr Zapatero even appears to think that pulling troops out of Iraq will make things better, on the view that the occupation is itself the cause of terrorism. Yet that policy is irresponsible, because it increases the risk of civil war in Iraq. Even those who opposed the war should now want to help make Iraq secure enough for Iraqis themselves to take back their sovereignty. If other new governments copy Mr Zapatero and prove their anti-war point by withdrawing from Iraq, they will make everyone less safe as a result. And it is a delusion to claim, as Mr Zapatero does, that all would be well if the UN were to take over from the Americans. Few Iraqis think so. It is as well to recall the Dutch UN peacekeepers who looked on helplessly during the Srebrenica massacre in Bosnia in 1995.     And finally, Clifford D. May, in  urlLink  a guest  column at Townhall.com  :     Keep in mind that bin Laden claimed two primary reasons for attacking Americans on September 11, 2001: (1) American, infidel forces were stationed on holy Saudi soil, and (2) the US had imposed painful sanctions on Iraqis. Today, our forces have left Saudi Arabia and sanctions have been lifted – indeed, were in not for the terrorists, Iraqis would be well on their way to unprecedented prosperity.   The truth is al Qaeda seeks more than it demands. It is intent on nothing less than the West's defeat and destruction. Are there really people in the West – even Europeans –willing to negotiate that?       
     
    


	 
      The Spanish election result last week may be interpreted as "capitulation" and "appeasament." They certainly will be seen that way in Islamist circles, which is tragic for the West.  But  urlLink  this poll   done by Noxa Consulting the day before the bombings, showed the Socialists already ahead with a 2 percent majority. "A similar poll conducted Friday -- a day after the attacks, gave the Socialists an even greater lead. The big difference -- and the clear reason of the Socialist victory -- was the nearly 3 million votes the Socialists added while Aznar's now not so Popular Party lost about 690,000 votes." [UPI]. But I'm suspicious of a poll whose results don't turn up until after the election.  And is there really a UPI anymore?  Even according to other polls, though, the "flip" after the Madrid terror attacks was not massive. It was enough to swing the election. And there was enough suspicion of duplicity by the standing government to account for some of that. But to say the Spanish as a whole voted for the Socialists in 2004 is like saying all Americans voted for Bush in 2000. Here, courtesy of CNN:  Party: Spanish Socialist Workers’ Party (PSOE), Leader: Jose Luis RODRIGUEZ ZAPATERO    Seats won in this election to the Chamber of Deputies: 164  Seats won in this election to the Senate: 81  Seats won in last election to the Chamber of Deputies: 125  Seats won in last election to the Senate: 61    Party: People’s Party (PP), Leader: Mariano RAJOY (Aznar's party)    Seats won in this election to the Chamber of Deputies:148  Seats won in this election to the Senate: 102  Seats won in last election to the Chamber of Deputies: 183  Seats won in last election to the Senate: 127   Even in a nation where, as we constantly are reminded, nine out of 10 people opposed Spain's participation in the Iraq war, nearly half of the voters still backed Anzar's party.   Meanwhile, in Iraq   Some strange results in this exhaustive, and apparently unbiased,  urlLink  poll of Iraqis.   "Asked whether their lives were better now than in the spring of 2003, nearly six in ten Iraqis said the situation was somewhat better or much better than it was, according to the survey of 2,500 people conducted for a group of broadcasting organizations by Oxford Research International. ... Asked how things were going in their lives these days, seven in 10 said the situation was very good or quite good, and only 15 percent said things were very bad. Looking ahead, 71 percent said they expected conditions in their lives to be much better or somewhat better a year from now."  Yet, "[w]hile half of those questioned believe the invasion was the right thing to do, compared with 39 percent who said it was wrong, more than four in 10 said they had no confidence whatsoever in U.S. and British occupation troops, and 51 percent oppose the presence of coalition forces in Iraq. ... Asked whether attacks on coalition forces were justified, 17 percent said yes. Nearly 14 percent said attacks on the CPA were justified. Four percent said attacks on foreigners working for the United Nations and aid agencies were justified.  Here are the full poll results:   urlLink  Warning, PDF file.    But the seeming ambivalence may not be so, when it's overlaid with this survey ABC News (not a particularly pro-war set) has done in a poll of more than 2,500 Iraqis. This one broke down the statistics by ethno-religious groups: Sunni Arab, Shia Arab, or Kurd.  To the question "Was the US-led invasion right or wrong?" the answers were:    Sunni: right=24% wrong=63%  Shia: right=51% wrong=35%  Kurds: right=87% wrong=9%   To the question "Are attacks on Coalition forces acceptable?" the answers were:    Sunni: acceptable=36% unacceptable=57%  Shia: acceptable=12% unacceptable=85%  Kurds: acceptable=2% unacceptable=96%   To the statement "Coalition should leave now" agreement was:    Sunni: yes=29%  Shia: yes=12%  Kurds: yes=2%   That's more like what I expect.
     
    


	 
      It's unfortunate that the Spanish had to vote while numb with the shock of a murderous attack. But respect the outcome. Democracy is still better than the alternatives. They often don't like who we elevate to power, either. And it's not as though the whole country lost its head and voted to appease. Some 46 percent voted for the Popular Party. The "swing" after the March 11 attacks was something like 4 percent between the pre-attack polls and the final vote. It's hardly like the whole country threw in the towel. The Spanish may be back with us someday.
     
    


	 
       urlLink  ... rebuked in fine form.  
     
    


	 
      "The Guardian" today offers this frank nut-graph about the Madrid murders and their political aftermath:    Al-Qaida and its sympathisers will be emboldened by the impact of what is now assumed to be its first attack in western Europe. The governing party has lost the election and Spain is planning to pull its troops out of Iraq.    If it was al-Qaida, Spain will have become the first country "to have a prime minister owing his position to Bin Laden," said Jonathan Eyal, the director of studies at the London-based Royal United Services Institute.     And it offers this assessment from Rohan Gunaratna, "author of  Inside al-Qaida,  one of the most detailed accounts of the organisation to be published":     "The al-Qaida strategy is to isolate the US because the US has, by building a coalition, weakened al-Qaida. One way to isolate the US is to target the countries helping the US. You can see they have attacked the British in Turkey, the French in Karachi, the Australians in Bali and the Italians in Iraq."      It's unlikely that even "success-addicts" like the Islamists anticipated succeeding as spectacularly as they have in the past week, but they certainly had an inkling this was possible, given their conviction of the "softness" of the West. The "Guardian" article (citing Spain's "La Razón") notes that such a double-barrelled victory -- in carnage and at the polls -- had been outlined in December, by the "Institute of Information in Support of the Iraqi People," one of the anti-American organizations operation in that country.     The Arabic language document suggested attacks in Iraq rather than in Spain, but predicted accurately what the outcome on the Spanish elections would be. "We believe that the Spanish government will not be able to resist more than two or three attacks, after which they would be obliged to withdraw as a result of popular pressure," it said.    "If their troops remain in Iraq after the attacks, a Socialist victory is practically guaranteed and withdrawal of the troops will feature in its election manifesto."    It added ominously: "The withdrawal of Spanish or Italian forces from Iraq would produce tremendous pressure on the British presence [in Iraq], a pressure that Tony Blair would not be able to withstand."    
     
    


	 
      You saw the pictures from Madrid. You saw the parents cradling their dead and dying children.   Those who did this can do this to you. Whenever they want. They don't care about the nuances of your Israel policies. What did Spain do? No frontline troops in Iraq, 1,300 or so of what could legitimately be called "peacekeepers." Yet Spain got it. Germany isn't in Iraq? So what. Germany is in Afghanistan. And al Qaida makes no distinction there: both are crusades against Islam, in Osama's eyes. France isn't in Iraq? So what. The ban on the headscarf is as offensive as anything you can imagine George Bush doing to them. Go back and read the Osama tapes. You're on the deathlist, too.   They can do this, and now they'll be even more delighted to do it than before, because not only did it accomplish their purpose of killing a lot of infidels in the crusader land, but it actually knocked one enemy out of the crusade entirely. One down. Who's next? Poland? Italy? Britain?   Yet still the Europeans will blame Bush. Still they'll march against the Americans. At what point do you ask the terrorists to be responsible for their own actions. Oh, and they'll call a meeting -- Europeans only, please, no Americans -- and devise a policy on paper, and that will make them feel safe. No doubt the policy will eschew the use of violence to solve this problem. Romano Prodi, the chief of the European Commission, already has said so. "It is clear that using force is not the answer to resolving the conflict with terrorists. Terrorism is infinitely more powerful than a year ago."    tick tick tick tick
     
    


	 
       urlLink  213 things Skippy is not allowed to do in the U.S. military.  
     
    


	 
      The idea is that there is a serious cleaving between people who believe America has been at war since 9-11-01 and people who do not. And many people who do not realize this simply think the people on the "other side" have lost their minds, or, more darkly, have revealed their true viciousness.   In October, in a poll in Iowa taken by Democratic strategists, just one percent of Democrats who planned to vote said they worried about terrorism, with another two percent saying they worried about homeland security. In three states covered in the poll (including also New Hampshire and South Carolina) terrorism/homeland security placed dead last on the list of Democratic concerns.   A new Gallup poll, taken from March 5 to 7, asked, "Thinking ahead to the elections for president in 2004, if you had to choose, which of the following issues will be more important to your vote?" The choices were economic conditions or terrorism. According to a breakdown provided by Gallup, 76 percent of Democrats answered the economy. Just 10 percent of Democrats said terrorism would be more important to their vote, and 13 percent said both equally.   In contrast, 48 percent of Republicans said terrorism was their greater concern, while 46 percent said the economy, and four percent said both equally.   Gallup also asked, "If you had to choose, which of the following presidential candidates would you be more likely to vote for — a candidate would do a good job on the economy, or a candidate who would do a good job protecting the country from terrorism?"   Seventy percent of Democrats chose a candidate who would do a good job on the economy. Just 25 percent chose a candidate who would do a good job protecting the country from terrorism. Sixty-two percent of Republicans chose a leader who would be strong on terrorism, while 32 percent chose one who would do a good job on the economy.   If you don't believe there's a war on, those who do believe it will look like mindless, soulless, flag-draped mongers of violence. If you do believe we're at war, the other side can look like a pack of feeble-minded effete cowards, wanna-be quislings, and traitors.
     
    


	 
        It has now been almost a year since the liberation of Iraq, the fury of the antiwar rallies, and the publicized hectoring of Michael Moore, Noam Chomsky, Sean Penn, and other assorted conspiracy freaks — and we have enough evidence to lay some of their myths to rest.   I just filled up and paid $2.19 a gallon. How can that be, when the war was undertaken to help us get our hands on "cheap" oil? Where is the mythical Afghan pipeline when we need it?    "No Blood for Oil" (never mind the people who drove upscale gas-guzzlers to the rallies at which they chanted such slogans) was supposed to respond to one of two possibilities: American oil companies were either simply going to steal the Iraqi fields, or indirectly prime the pumps to such an extent that the world would be awash with petroleum and the price for profligate Western consumers would crash.    Neither came true. Iraqis themselves control their natural resources; the price of gasoline, despite heroic restoration of much of Iraqi prewar petroleum output, is at an all-time high.    So did Shell and Exxon want too much — or too little — pumping? Was the Iraq conspiracy a messy crisis to disrupt production as an excuse to jack up prices, or a surgical strike to garner Third-World resources on the cheap to power wasteful American SUVs?   The truth is, as usual, far more simple. The United States never did intend to steal or manipulate the oil market — not necessarily because we are always above such chicanery, but because it is nearly impossible in a fungible market under constant global scrutiny, and suicidal in the Byzantine politics of the Middle East.     urlLink  On target, as usual.  
     
    


	 
      And where's our brave president, the day after Spain is blown to hell?    WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Bush on Thursday sought to solidify his standing with evangelical Christians by restating support for a constitutional amendment that would ban gay marriage as part of his championship of conservative causes.    "I will defend the sanctity of marriage against activist courts and local officials who want to redefine marriage. The union of a man and woman is the most enduring human institution," Bush, himself a born-again Christian, told the National Association of Evangelicals Convention in Colorado via satellite from the White House.    
     
    


	 
       urlLink  MARK STEYN   doesn't think it was ETA. Neither do most of the Iraqi bloggers I read. Despite the dynamite fingerprint of the Basque group, the tactics and precision are very al-Qaida.   By the by, he points out that, after suicide bombers blew up a French oil tanker two years ago, a spokesman for the Islamic Army of Aden said, "We would have preferred to hit a US frigate, but no problem because they are all infidels." And he quotes Hussein Massawi, former leader of Hezbollah: "We are not fighting so that you will offer us something. We are fighting to eliminate you."   And he wonders at something that I've noticed, too: the number of people in the West who simply don't believe that Islamist leaders mean what they say when they say such things. Even after they proved they could and would do it (Manhattan, Bali, Istanbul, Daniel Pearl). Wake up.   The  urlLink  Spanish Embassy in the U.S.   has a user-friendly e-mail on its site. Send them a note of condolence. Send flowers. Remember what the Europeans did for us after 9-11.
     
    


	 
      There are people who fight their wars by dynamiting airplanes and trains full of little girls in school uniforms and guys going to work. I recognize them in America and in Spain and in New Delhi and in Karbala and in Tel Aviv. They avoid military targets -- too hard. They try to kill as many people as possible who are unarmed and unsuspecting.   Then there are nation-states. Thousands of years of human political evolution brought them about. They can do horrible things to their citizens and other people -- North Korea is (and Iraq and Afghanistan were) examples. But in most cases, nowadays, they fight their wars with particular care to kill only the combatant enemies.   Gods know that goes wrong, and the result is tragic. But they don't seek that result.   Hard fact of life: Not every cause, not every subgroup, not every dialect has a nation-state. Not every cause deserves one. Terrorism is the necessary weapon of the weak against the strong? Then so is violent crime. That's hardly a justification.   On one side, a battlefield screw-up means some innocent people get killed. When the other side screws up its battle plan, none do.    "There were pieces of flesh and ribs all over the road," [one witness] said. "There were ribs, brains all over. I never saw anything like this. The train was blown apart. I saw a lot of smoke, people running all over, crying. I saw part of a hand up to the elbow and a body without a head face down on the ground. Flesh all over. I started to cry from nerves. There was a 3-year-old boy all burnt and a father was holding him in his arms, crying."     The ETA looks like the prime suspect. The Quranic tapes in the van might be a crude diversion. And of course, whenever innocent people are getting killed on a mass scale, jealous Islamists are going to jump up and claim the credit for the good deed, which ETA perhaps counted on. [Abu Hafs al-Masri has a track record of claiming to be behind any calamity that befalls the West, including the big Great Lakes blackout in August]. A third possibility, which I haven't seen discussed yet is that this was some sort of joint operation.  
     
    


	 
        OKLAHOMA CITY (AP) - Lawyer Fern Holland went to Iraq to help the nation's women: She investigated human-rights violations, set up conferences and assisted in writing the women's rights section of the new constitution.    "If I die, know that I'm doing precisely what I want to be doing," Holland wrote in an e-mail to a friend on Jan. 21.    Holland was one of three civilians killed Tuesday after several gunmen posing as Iraqi police officers stopped her vehicle at a makeshift checkpoint near the town of Hillah, about 35 miles south of Baghdad. ...   Holland's family believes she was targeted by assassins because of her work, which included opening women's centers around Iraq.    "She believed in freedom. She believed that every man and woman born should enjoy the right of freedom," her sister Vi Holland said. ...   Holland, a 1996 graduate of the University of Tulsa College of Law, worked at two law firms in Tulsa before joining the Peace Corps and traveling to Namibia.    She returned to the United States after the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks, but did not stay long.    Tulsa attorney Stephen Rodolf, who kept in touch with Holland through e-mail, said she seemed to be aware of growing threats to her safety.    "We stand out, and those who dislike us know precisely when we come to town," she wrote to him.    Her job required her to travel almost every day on highways where snipers and roadside bombs lurked. And yet, she asked to travel with an unarmed escort because she felt the high security around her was a barrier to her work, he said.    "She was an extraordinary person who honestly wanted to help people," Rodolf said. "Anybody who knew her would tell you that."    That's the best of this country. No conflict whatsoever between serving in the Peace Corps and helping to rebuild Iraq. People on both sides of the U.S. political equation should wake up to that one. It's the same good work.   And today in Greece, hundreds march against American participation in the security for the Olympics Games, under posters that read "Rambo, Go Home."    urlLink  See Fern Holland; meet your "Rambo."   
     
    


	 
      Because we're in the early battles of World War IV, and they could use some back-up from home,  urlLink  adopt a soldier.  
     
    


	 
        The coincidence of the politics of feeling and an apolitical populism is one of the distinctive features of contemporary protest. By focusing on an individual politician's personality, it personalises politics. But even more importantly, protest has become a strikingly personal matter. It is about the protester as an individual, and says more about how he feels about himself than what he thinks of the issue at stake. That is why it is difficult to define today's acts of protest as constituting a political movement. On the contrary: they are the product of a profound mood of political disengagement that afflicts most Western societies.    ...   'Not in my name' is self-consciously framed as a personal proclamation. It is not a political statement designed to involve others, and does not seek to offer an alternative. It does not call on anyone to choose sides or even insist on a particular course of action. Insofar as it represents an attitude, 'Not in my name' is a statement of individual preference and represents an opt-out clause, rather than an attempt to alter the course of events. This is a shrug of the shoulder, which reflects a mood of general anti-engagement as much as it does a weariness towards war.     urlLink  More good stuff in Frank Furedi's "Spiked" essay, here.  
     
    


	 
      The question isn't whether Iraq is a mess right now. By anyone's measure of civic life, it is. Some observers prefer to focus on the progress being made (there's a lot of that), but that doesn't erase the kidnappings, killings and thug law that affect too many people's lives over there. The country still has a long way to go.   But the difference in people over here is, whether they are pulling for it to succeed, or whether they are sitting back on the fence and gloating over every evidence of failure, magnifying every setback, simply because they want to see GWB stew in his juices. As though one life were worth more than 25 million. These people attach way too much importance to one Republican president.   Odd, too, how people who insist that the U.S. administration is to be damned because it has no respect for Islam, will turn around and sneer at Sistani, who, whether you agree with him or not, seems to be as clever and politically savvy as any ward boss in America, and who seems to know how to balance religious leadership and political power.
     
    


	 
      From an article,  "Defending America,"  by British Conservative politician Benedict Rogers   “Americans are the friendliest people you will encounter, but they have few friends,” writes Dinesh D’Souza in his best-selling book What’s So Great About America. There’s a lot of truth in that. The growth of anti-Americanism, and in particular anti-Bushism, in Europe is frightening and, for me, incomprehensible. For the past six months I have lived in Washington, D.C. It has been a profoundly revealing time for me. Before I came here from my native England, I was apathetic about America —- I didn’t hate Americans, but I wasn’t overly enthusiastic either. Now, however, having tasted what this great nation has to offer, I return to Europe with a reluctance I had not expected. In fact I dread returning to the woolly-minded, dictator-coddling, morally bankrupt, decadent continent. And I return determined to defend the nation that is, rightly, our best friend.
     
    


	 
      Not that Attorney General John Ashcroft is any friend of mine. He's probably my least favorite person in the current administration. If I could send just one of them off the island, it would be him.    But I still expect better from the left, which supposedly has compassion even for killers. Here's what turns up on the DemocraticUnderground.com Web site, in ref. to the news of Ashcroft's medical condition:    "He has it coming. He is utterly sub-human and evil. Suffer, bastard."  "[T]he world would be better off without him."  "I hope he is in the most severe pain a human being can suffer, and after that, I hope he remains in constant pain with no hope of relief."    In the same place, just a day before, tears were shed over the death of cold-blooded killer Abul Abbas in U.S. custody.
     
    


	 
      Most of my adult life I've been on what is called, in our degraded political language, "the left."   That is, I was in favor of protecting the environment from rapacious exploitation, of an economy with safety nets and protection for the little guys against unscrupulous corporate predators. I led editorial battles to save farmland and woods from suburban sprawl. A $50 million bond issue to save open space in one county passed, in part, because of editorials I wrote about it. I've spent hours and dollars working to keep religious fundamentalists from taking over local school boards (a much more important job than simply bashing on Jerry Falwell). I've advocated for minorities and sick Vietnam veterans. I sought to vote for statesmen who would offer a generous foreign policy that shared America's good fortune with the world. I was in favor of Enlightenment virtues and freedoms in opposition to fundamentalist strictures and darkness, peaceful solutions over violent ones.   Which means I spent much of the '80s and '90s in active, public disputation with "the right." When I thought of "them" I pictured zealous, pious, ignorant, self-assured demagogues of crusading ideologies, inflexible mean men clad in expensive suits and cheap ethics.   Yet, as a small-town newspaper editor, the people I dealt with on the "right," with three or four odious exceptions, were fine and decent. The head of the local anti-abortion group was a soft-spoken young widowed mother of two. A school-prayer advocate was a cheerfully avuncular man who always asked about my son and would as gladly sit in my office and chat about the things we agreed on -- such as the genius of George Washington -- as the ones we didn't. The ex-mayor, a hardcore law-and-order cop, used to regale me with sotires of law enforcement in the old days. I welcomed visits and phone calls from them.   I still hate SUVs and corporate malfeasance, executives who jilt retirees out of their hard-earned savings and foul the waters. I still think police should be held to a high standard in exchange for the power we grant them. I'm still a friend of freedoms and Enlightenment values, and an ally of whoever embraces them, in whatever place or culture. I reject the notion of school prayer as a panacaea for society's ills. I think abortion is tragic, but a necessary evil.   In other words, I still disagree with my old enemies. But on one major issue, I've come down on the other side from my former friends.   After much studying and soul-searching, I came to the conclusion that the world probably, and Iraqis definitely, would be better off if the U.S. used its military might for once to remove a corrupt fascist who had been occasionally useful to us. He was our mess, largely, so it was our job to clean him out.   On a larger scale, I'm one of those who believes America is at war, and ought to behave like it, since Sept. 11. Many people seem to regard that attack not as a second Pearl Harbor, but as an "isolated incident." I do not.   It strikes me as a decision a principled man could possibly make. But it doesn't strike my liberal friends that way. I understand their vexation, but they can only see venality and psychopathia in me.   And having once stood on the other side from them, and seen them in that perspective, I can't imagine going back to their camp (not that they are inviting me back).   Every day I have to go to work and sit there with my mouth shut, for the sake of peace -- yes, peace -- and listen to a half dozen thoughtless people talk very, very loudly about things they know very little about. They are obsessed with Bush, who is the throbbing boil that collects their systematic hatred of something I can't quite figure out, but seems to include the United States, the idea of power, and authority figures in general.   All they read is "Stupid Bushisms" Web sites and e-mail forwards. They wouldn't know where to look for Samuel Huntington in bookstore. They couldn't find an average Iraqi's blog on the Internet. I doubt they can name a single Iranian legislator or begin to describe the difference between Twelve Imam Shiism and the Seven Imam variety.   I have to hear these people explain that it everything done by the current administration is the work of madmen and fools who follow them. They give detailed theories of the kind of venality or pathology that is the only possible explanation for why anyone would agree with Bush that deposing Saddam Hussein was a good thing. They gloat over deaths of Americans in Iraq, heedless of the fact that other people we work with have sons in the Army over there.   I give money every month to humanitarian groups working in Iraq. For all their supposed sympathy and solidarity with the "oppressed" people of that land, my anti-war co-workers wouldn't give a dime to buy a schoolbook or a pump filter for Kurdish villagers. Because doing so would "help Bush." They don't care a fig for the intellectual class in Baghdad -- the people who share their values. They only wait impatiently for the country to dissolve in chaos so they can crow about how right they were all along.   People generally are reasonable, pragmatic and practical when they have the power and the opportunity to effect their policies. When the world is going their way, they are good-natured. When it's not and they feel powerless, they get strident and negative. The apoplectic rage against Bill Clinton in 1999 was a good example.   For the anti-war people today, the world is not going their way. The war happened (whether they know it or not -- they still carry "no war" signs every weekend), and it was not the quagmire they wanted it to be. Iraq is about to have the most progressive constitution in the Arab world. Yet the people on the local right in the '80s were not getting their way, either. Ronald Reagan was in the White House, but he wasn't actively pushing a social conservative agenda. Abortion and pornography were legal. School prayer wasn't.   On the whole, my old adversaries never forgot that their opponents were human beings. And thus they never stopped being human themselves. I wish I could say the same of the self-proclaimed humanists around me today.   "The death of the paranoid style would have little contemporary relevance or historical value if it were applied only to people with profoundly disturbed minds. It is the use of paranoid modes of expression by more or less normal people that makes the phenomenon significant." [Richard Hofstadter,  "The Paranoid Style in American Politics" ]  
     
    


	 
      When my son turned 13, I discovered I didn't know the first thing about him. I discovered his name was not what I thought it meant.   It had seemed so obvious when he was born that I hadn't bothered to look it up. "Luke" = "light," from Latin  lucere  "to shine," a name for a boy who came blazing into the world and lighted my life.   But recently, while looking up something unrelated, I saw in Klein's Comprehensive Etymological Dictionary that my son's name is utterly unrelated to "light." It's Greek, not Roman, and derived from some obscure place-name, a rugged coastal district that was named, the etymologists think, for a local cult of Apollo worshiped as a wolf (Greek  lycos ).   Thirteen years ago, before my son had hair on his upper lip, before Sept. 11, before the Internet, before the divorce, it had been a compromise name between secular me and my Methodist-leaning wife, who wanted "something from the Bible."     [Actually, because his due date was Dec. 7, I wanted to call the child "Pearl." "Pearl Harper. Get it?" I told Laura DeAngelo, from the office. I had not told my wife this. "What if it's a boy?" she asked. "Burle!"] 
     
    


	 
      To hear the anti-war voices yap, you'd think that the only justification ever offered for overthrowing Saddam Hussein were the now-dubious intelligence about WMD, and the only opposition was from people too smart to be fooled by Bush's simplistic lies (or words to that effect).    urlLink  So here's Tony Blair laying out the facts of the case in a simple, straightforward speech.      "We have seen one element -- intelligence about some WMD being ready for use in 45 minutes -- elevated into virtually the one fact that persuaded the nation into war.    "This intelligence was mentioned by me once in my statement to the House of Commons on 24 September and not mentioned by me again in any debate. It was mentioned by no-one in the crucial debate on 18 March 2003.    "In the period from 24 September to 29 May, the date of the BBC broadcast on it, it was raised twice in almost 40,000 written parliamentary questions in the House of Commons; and not once in almost 5,000 oral questions."     And so forth. To which I would add that, In the build up to the war, the most potent argument in the anti-war camp was that, if attacked and cornered, Saddam would use battlefield WMD, and he would lob nuclear-tipped Scuds at Tel Aviv. This fear was elaborately articulated, and it was a worthwhile and intelligent argument.   It apparently was something the coalition war planners considered, too, though this, too, has been allowed to be forgotten. Remember the thousands and thousands of protective suits ordered up and distributed to the U.S. troops? That wasn't the work of planners who know their talk of an enemy armed with chemical agents is all hollow. Especially because the activation of those suits was a clear and undisguisable signal to the other side that the attack was about to begin. Remember, too the scrambling around the western desert of Iraq in the early days of the war, at great risk and diversion of resources, to find the mobile launchers that could reach Israel and which we now know probably never existed.   Yet now it's as though that argument never existed. And no wonder: the anti-war camp is eager to have history forget that it, too, once considered Saddam's WMD a credible threat. If anything, the exaggerated fear of them was greater among those who opposed the war than those who supported it.
     
    


	 
       KANAN MAKIYA,  speaking to Mansour Farhang in a panel discussion at New York University, November 2002:   You certainly couldn't even think about democratizing Saudi Arabia. That would be a pipedream -- if you were to hold elections there today, Saudis would overwhelmingly vote for bin Laden. But Iraq provides an alternative. Think for a moment, Mansour, of the two revolutions that happened in the Islamic world. One was very noisy -- of which you were a part in Iran. The other was very quiet, insidious and infinitely more dangerous. I'm talking about the export (after the oil revolution of 73) of an austere little sect, which meant nothing to anybody and now today is Islam -- substituting itself for a great religion and civilization, exporting hundreds and thousands of madrassas whose graduates become bin Ladens and al Qaeda. It's Saudi money that did all this.    Now look I'm pretending to be an American strategist. These guys know 9/11 wasn't about Afghanistan. That country was a poor fractured one that became a campground for Arabs. These are Arab problems exported to Afghanistan through Saudi money, which led to 9/11. The heart of the problem is in the Middle East. Something in this part of the world (since 1967 I'd argue) has gone terribly, horribly wrong.    To sum it up -- what's apparent is that the Middle East needs a success story. In the Clinton years that was thought to be Oslo. But that's all finished for the time being. Iraq is being thought of by this of school of thinkers as an alternative. I'm just trying to say that they have a strategic design, a way of thinking about what they see as the root of the problem -- namely a turn to democracy and an end to America's support for regimes like Saddam Hussein, or regimes like Saudi Arabia, which has been the rule for as long as I've been active in politics. It could be that that formula has finally proven itself to be a failure. That's what some of these people are thinking. (It's not what Colin Powell is thinking!) From their point of view, Iraq could be an alternative to Saudi Arabia. Its oil reserves are second to none. Iraq also has things that Afghanistan doesn't have -- a developed infrastructure, a highly educated class. They have a sense that democracy could work in Iraq where it might not work elsewhere. I'll leave it there.  
     
    


	 
      I bought a Sanskrit-English dictionary online from Powells.com. When I got it this week, I realized it's going to be almost useless to me. It's only Sanskrit-English, with no English-to-Sanskrit section, and all the Indic words are in the Devanagari script, which I do not read. By the typeface it looks to be an older book, possibly 19th century, originally published in India and reprinted in the 1990s in England.   Still, it's fascinating, and I find myself sitting up at night, thumbing through it, scanning the columns of strange script and familiar definitions. A dictionary half in an unknown language is a fountain of inspiration. Delightful connections are expressed there, along with conceptions that convince me that, in ancient India, the world had a civilization that has hardly been matched in subtlety and sophistication.    A man who does not cook for himself; a bad cook [a term of abuse].  A mouse; a miser.  Licked; surrounded.   m.  A bee; a scorpion.  f.  A woman's female friend.  A whirlpool, a crowded place.  Inaccessible; unfit for sexual intercourse; difficult to understand.    There are whole sermons and life lessons in a single word:    Repentance, intense enmity, close attachment.  Fire; appetite; gold.  A great danger; a desperate act.  Supported; haughty; near; obstructed.  Touched; violated; judged; endured.  Relaxation; independence.   There are mysteries fit to be taken whole as a poem by Wallace Stevens or William Carlos Williams, or to inspire a Borges  ficcione :    A benediction; a serpent's fang.  Homeless, imperishable.  Ungovernable; necessary.  Painting figures on the body; feathering an arrow.   I meet words I wish I had; that is, words for which there is no single word in English that covers the same territory:    Pleasure arising from sympathy.  One who has suppressed his tears.  An illustration of a thing by its reverse.  A practice not usually proper to the caste but allowable in time of distress.  A figure of speech dependent on sense and not on sound.   
     
    


	 
       urlLink  David Horsey is political cartoonist for the Seattle Post-Intelligencer, the big paper in one of the big liberal cities in America. So you might expect him to be in sympathy with the European attitude toward Americans these days. He seems to be a bit ambivalent about it, though, especially after getting a first-hand look.     If anything, I think he's got the beginning of an awakening there. Like, he might half have thought, "If I had gone to Saudi Arabia or Pakistan and done this exercise in, say 1985, wouldn't the pictures have looked an awful lot like these?"    urlLink  Christopher Hitchens goes to see "The Passion of Christ." He is disturbed by what he sees, and by what Mel Gibson has been saying off to the side. As always, his writing is vigorous and provocative.      urlLink  New Perspectives Quarterly is an indispensible publication for anyone who wants to understand the world we inhabit. And Samuel Huntington's thesis about the "clash of civilizations" is that rare event in political science: the theory that may actually shape the future as well as describe it. So the combination of the two is worth a trip.    
     
    


	 
      Some days this blog keeps me sane. I put here the words I have to swallow all day long on my job, to keep the peace.    I work in the kind of office where you can't escape anyone. There are no partitons or Dilbert-cubicles. The desks literally jam against one another and the computer monitors aren't big enough to shrink behind. So people are in your face, whether you want them there or not.  Which is why it's good that we're not a diverse crew. White, educated, middle- and upper-middle-class college graduates, secular, of more or less liberal leanings: you guessed it; it's a media newsroom.  We had a black reporter for a while. He moved on but the stories and jokes about him still abound. You would have thought true liberals wouldn't behave like that, but since I saw Condi Rice called a "monkey on a chain" on the "Guardian" Web site, I lost that delusion. One or two sincere people of faith, Catholic or Protestant, work among us. They keep their lips shut tight when religion-bashing, a popular theme, comes around again in the office conversation.  Lately I feel an identity with them. By "lately" I mean since the drive began to go to war in Iraq. I don't know the opinions of every co-worker on this issue, but there are a couple of very vocal, rabid anti-war people who won't shut up about it. They rarely take the direct approach of hectoring (I'd actually prefer that, since it invites response), but these people will do the passive-aggressive thing and find one another and yap for a long time, very loudly and publicly, execrating the stupidity and venality of enyone who could possibly support the U.S. military effort.  Or they take every encounter with a news story about Bush, or Cheney, or Rumsfeld, or Iraq (and there's one every 15 minutes), as an excuse to light up the roman candle of snide remarks and stale jokes.  The talk is peppered with meaningless references to WMD and bloodforoil, and it's as uninformed as it is opinionated, deeply sarcastic and highly illogical, all pomp and few facts. This is the way people talk who are only in the habit of talking to people who agree with them. (How sad that this is something I now associate with universities, and sure enough the most vocal anti-war baiter has a college teaching background.)  No insight, no skill, all blunt points and phony presumption. It's intellectually flabby, and a pinprick could deflate it. But I don't do it. I come to work to do a job and collect a check. I don't expect to have my thinking corrected by PC deprogrammers. I extend them the courtesy of keeping my trap shut, in hopes that someday they'll decide to do the same.  Oh, I'm not trying to hide anything. I know my lack of anti-war correctness has been noted. I've been exposed by my refusal to join in the vulturing over American dead and my failure to laugh at the lame jokes about "Georgie" or "Bushie Boy."  [Note to the Left and the Right: If you want to make hatred of one man the sole object of your politics, and defeat of any of his projects your sole policy, feel free to do so. But don't expect me to take you seriously.]  And so I sit here, hour after hour, having to smell this intellectual clogged drain. I hear things that are flat-out wrong, over and over, but out of politeness I say nothing. It's gotten to the point where I actually look forward to the days when certain people aren't on the schedule to work, and I hope that my days off never coincide with theirs.  So on Saturdays, Luke and Amy and I go downtown to do our market shopping. And there they are again, in front of the courthouse or on the town square, with signs and banners. This time they're with others, who run the diversity gamut from white upper-middle-class aging hippie to white upper-middle-class aging hippie.  I have to pass by and acknowledge them. They're looking for me. If we have other things to do and don't get to market in the hour when they're out, I'm sure to get asked about it on Monday. Like the minister who corners you in the grocery and makes sure he knows you know he knows you weren't in church on Sunday.  In fact, it all reminds me very much of the cheap proselytizing of a Bible society tract. I deeply resent the presumption that I'm too stupid to have made an intelligent decision, and I need to be guided on the paths of righteousness by these pure souls. I've educated myself on these issues for years, read everything from the Quran to Gertrude Bell to Francis Fukuyama to Abdolkarim Soroush to Victor Davis Hanson. I've sought a path through tough choices that was consistent with adult compassion and national honor and personal values, and come to certain conclusions.  But my co-workers seem to expect that, if I stare at that big "Bush Lied" sign long enough, I'll be like Scrooge on Christmas morning. I'll have an epiphany right there in front of the Cal-Mart and fall on my knees weeping and blubbering hosannahs to Tim Robbins.
     
    


	 
        urlLink        urlLink  courtesy of The Onion  
     
    


	 
      Some words of wisdom from some of my favorite bloggers. First, a brief and to the point post on the ugly truth of war, courtesy of one who has been there. Lt. Smash on "Crimnes of War."   urlLink  THE UGLY TRUTH of warfare is that there are no “knights in shining armor” who will always fight for Good. Evil lurks deep in the hearts of all men, and it doesn’t care what flag you wear on your sleeve. We are most vulnerable when we suffer under the burden of tremendous stress – but the ultimate responsibility to resist Evil lies with every individual.    I'm angry at the "soldiers" who did this and the "leaders" who let it happen. More Iraqi and American blood will be shed in the weeks to come, to pay the wages of the anger this arouses, than Osama could have hoped to shed himself. The warrior's code has failed in these men and women. They should be punished publicly to the full extent of the law.  And for the story that seems to never break into the news cycle:   urlLink  I'd still like to see Nightline present the names of all the oil-for-food money recipients. And maybe of a few Iraqi kids who died because of the fraud's keeping them from getting medicine. And maybe an interview with Kofi Annan's son, Kojo, about his role. ...  Just in the name of balance, you know.    From Willow:   urlLink  Ya know, when I lived in a foriegn country, I realized I was a guest. It wasn't my country, I gave deference to people whose country it was. Although I didn't like every thing about that country I always displayed respect for my hosts, which was pretty damned effective for keeping feelings good between us so we could discover and enjoy what we DID have in common.    And this quote:   urlLink  In the housing projects near [radical French cleric Abdelkader] Bouziane's mosque, a young man with a closely cropped beard said he thought that the cleric had done nothing wrong. "If my wife cheats on me, I have the right to correct her," he said, "and not just with a slap on the bottom, but with a gunshot."    courtesy of Allahpundit, Who also has dug up this Islamists' wet-dream image:    urlLink       from the sparsely-attended capitulation rally that the Iraqi kidnappers demanded as the price of sparing the lives of their Italian hostages.
     
    


	 
      Some good news, much troubling news in the  urlLink  USA Today/CNN/Gallup Poll of 3,444 Iraqis  .    In answer to the question, "How have US forces conducted themselves?" a total of 58 percent said "fairly badly" or "very badly." But the next question was, "Do you say this from personal experience, from things you’ve seen yourself or from what you’ve heard?" Only 7 percent admitted to speaking from personal experience. Some 54 percent based it on what they'd heard, not even seen.   Kurdish results are almost the mirror image of the rest of Iraq. The gap between Sunni and Shi'ite is closing, from what it was in the last major poll I saw. The Shi'ites are expressing more unhappiness.   Blair and Chirac had about the same favorable-unfavorable numbers in Iraq.   Almost half those surveyed said they believe "most Americans" oppose "the policies and actions taken by their government in Iraq."    The answers to this question stood out for me:  "Thinking about any hardships you might have suffered since the US/British invasion, do you personally think that ousting Saddam Hussein was worth it or not?"   Total             Worth it   61  Not worth it   28   Shi’ite Worth it  74  Not worth it  17   Nobody on the Kurdish side seemed to think it wasn't worth it.  Among Sunnis, however:  Worth it  28  Not worth it  52 
     
    


	 
      The "Star of David = Swastika" flag got to be so tiresome at Palestinian demonstrations that they seem to have retired it, or maybe they lost it. (Now they just hold up their children, dolled up with fake guns and cardboard dynamite.) But I'm still getting an eye-full of it over here, from left-leaning types who seem to regard it as an inspiration of wisdom, not a notion so absurd as to be puke-making.  Or an ear-full. The other day, a co-worker insisted I listen to a Celtic-accented "folk song" called "When Oppressed Becomes Oppressor" (or something like that; that was the repeated line in the chorus) in which, yet again, a parallel was drawn between the genocide of the Jews in Europe in the 1940s and the hardships of Palestinians today.  Let's just take half a second and do some comparisons.  Bulldozers do not equal gas chambers. A concrete barrier does not equal a crematorium.  The paranoias about Jews running the world, enshrined in the forged "Protocols" does not couterbalance the very real threats of Hamas and others to drive Israel into the sea.  The false claim that Jews burned the Reichstag does not equate to the blood and bone strewn on the pavement after bombings of buses and discos in Tel Aviv.  But Jews leaving all their property behind in a desperate bid to escape the Third Reich, to any country that would take them, offers an interesting parallel to the Palestinian Authority's insistence of a "right of return," for its people to live under the yoke of the despised "Zionist entity."  Correct me if I am wrong, but I do not recall Jews lined up every morning on the borders of 1939 Germany, clamoring to get in for construction jobs.  All this nonsense usually comes, of course, from people who cherish their democratic right of vocal and public dissent, who like to live in a country where you can be openly gay or atheist or flaunt your belly-button ring. Try that anywhere in the Middle East  except  Israel.
     
    


	 
       urlLink  Wonderful story out of Iraq.   Of course, the Kurds love what we're doing. That's not a surprise, and it doesn't automatically translate into success in the rest of Iraq. But at the least it's a sign that a Muslim population can blossom alongside an American military occupation. And it raises two questions:  Why do these people matter less, to the war opponents, than the poor victimized Fallujans? It used to be that the Left redeemed itself from a lot of its shrillness and ignorance by being essentially, instinctively, on the side of the oppressed, or at least the real people. When I used to identify myself with that faction of the American scene, I felt that strongly. But now the Left has no interest in Kurds, because they've succeeded in part by allying themselves with the Americans. Just as the Hmong did before them.  Why the rush to give a state to the obviously dysfunctional Palestinians? How did they get in line ahead of the Kurds? Oh, I know, the United States don't really want to encourage an independent Kurdistan because that would break up Iraq and irritate Turkey. But why is the left so fixated on giving a state to a gang of terrorist leaders who have turned the few places they did control (Gaza City, for instance) into the toilet of the Middle East? Whereas the Kurds -- under much more severe pressure from Saddam than the Israelis put on the Palestinians, and with far less EU money flowing in -- have created in the last 13 years a thriving, democratic enclave.
     
    


	 
      This story of how Gen. John J. “Blackjack” Pershing dealt with Islamist terror in the Philippines in 1911 was posted in a discussion at  urlLink  The Command Post  :   Pershing detailed a patrol to bring in six known terrorists who had slain women and children in a backwoods village. The terrorists were required to dig their own graves, and then were lashed to stakes to await the firing squad. Several pigs were brought before them for slaughter.  “When you are buried,” the officer of the detail told the terrorists, “we will bury the pig offal with you. You’ll never see paradise.” And no virgins, either.  One of the terrorists was allowed to “escape” to return to his fellows to tell the awful story, as Pershing knew he would. There was no more trouble in the neighborhood for years, for long after Pershing was long gone to France to command American doughboys in the Great War.  Bet it has the same effect today as it did then.   
     
    


	 
      Has an excellent op-ed piece in the NYT, titled  urlLink  "Looking Through Keyholes.    (Password protected; if you need to get in, use "dougharper" and "password")    These are the crucial months in Iraq. The events in Najaf and Falluja will largely determine whether Iraq will move toward normalcy or slide into chaos. So how is Washington responding during this pivotal time? Well, for about three weeks the political class was obsessed by Richard Clarke and the hearings of the 9/11 commission, and, therefore, events that occurred between 1992 and 2001. Najaf was exploding, and Condoleezza Rice had to spend the week preparing for testimony about what may or may not have taken place during the presidential transition.   ... This is crazy. This is like pausing during the second day of Gettysburg to debate the wisdom of the Missouri Compromise. We're in the midst of the pivotal battle of the Iraq war and le tout Washington decides not to let itself get distracted by the ephemera of current events.  
     
    


	 
      Christopher Hitchens invites himself to join the week's fad:  urlLink  war supporters expressing varying degrees of remorse or redefining their expectations about Iraq.    (Notice, of course, that the anti-war voices rarely seem troubled by this need to keep feet planted on some sort of moral and intellectual terra firma from one hour to the next.)  Hitch searches his soul and finds:   The thing that I most underestimated is the thing that least undermines the case. And it's not something that I overlooked, either. But the extent of lumpen Islamization in Iraq, on both the Khomeinist and Wahhabi ends (call them Shiite and Sunni if you want a euphemism that insults the majority), was worse than I had guessed.   And this is also why I partly think that Colin Powell, as reported by Woodward, was right. He apparently asked the president if he was willing to assume, or to accept, responsibility for the Iraqi state and society. The only possible answer, morally and politically, would have been "yes." The United States had already made itself co-responsible for Iraqi life, first by imposing the sanctions, second by imposing the no-fly zones, and third by co-existing with the regime. (Three more factors, by the way, that make the Vietnam comparison utterly meaningless.) This half-slave/half-free compromise could not long have endured.  
     
    


	 
      The Japanese have another cause for pride. They've taken the old-fashioned sleaze-merchant's blow-up doll to a new height of high-tech excellence, to  urlLink  "serve as sex substitutes for widowers, the handicapped and other males who are able to function sexually but who, for whatever reason, lack human partners."     They've borrowed an old (and somewhat derogatory) English term for these fetching creatures; Dutch wife. The company that makes them has a Web site that is  urlLink  here.   It's obviously creepy on one level, but there's something more complex in the whole picture.  The Japan Times article quotes the company's founder (the "father" of the "girls"):   "If a yome [bride] is no longer needed, we'll discretely take her off a customer's hands at no charge," Tsuchiya adds. "Twice a year we also arrange for a kuyo (Buddhist memorial service) for discarded dolls at the special bodhisattva for dolls at the Shimizu Kannon-do in Ueno Park." Founded in 1631, it's where the "souls" of dolls are consecrated. (Kannon is the Goddess of Mercy.)  
     
    


	 
      It's very ... peaceful. That's the idea, I'm sure. But I also like  urlLink  the alternate versions designed by the Creator of Worlds himself.  
     
    


	 
      A Sanford Professor, initially an opponent of the war, does the right thing when it's over and joins the effort at nation-building. He was where anyone should be who cares about the future of the world right now: in Iraq, making the most of this opportunity.  "It was mind-blowing, really. There were people who wanted to know how to make democracy work. There were so many positive signs. Civil society was very weak, as you'd expect, but it was beginning to reconstitute itself. There was a lot of energy, a lot of passion, a lot of creativity and a lot of desire to learn. I even had a good experience with some mullahs who supported us."   But with time and the rise of an insurgency, the realization sank in.  "You can't develop democracy without security. In Iraq, it's really a security nightmare that did not have to be. If you don't get that right, nothing else is possible. Everything else is connected to that."   urlLink  Larry Diamond on Iraq.    Many Iraqis I read are saying much the same thing, or proving it without saying it. Ths is not an Iraqi problem: it is a human one. When the thugs run wild in your streets, you're not much concerned with their rights.   George W. Bush let us down. He let down the Iraqis, by listening to those in his administration who told him this could be done quickly, on the cheap, with a small army. They proved the point of being able to topple a potent dictator with an absurdly small force. But this is the price, and it's too high.  The answer is more troops in Iraq, not fewer; more committment, not less; more time and patience, not a quick-time "exit strategy." Which is why I don't yet see Kerry as a viable alternative.
     
    


	 
      My nomination, thus far, goes to the North County Times, a paper outside of San Diego. With a heavy military presence in their community, they've sent some first-rate photogs and reporters as embeds. Their work out of Fallujah is breathtaking -- far better than AP, Reuters, NYT, etc. All this from a paper I never heard of till now. We first started noticing their photos because the AP was picking them up and running them on the wire. They literally jump out off the screen at you, compared to the pointless AP s--t. I see they've come to the attention of Lt. Smash (hat tip) and others, too.   urlLink  Check out their Web site, and especially take time to look through the photo journals on the left.  
     
    


	 
      I am watching my brothers and sisters in the media slowly turn. Media bias, as Chomsky knows, is rarely a conscious effort or a grand conspiracy. More often, it is the automatic infusion of assumptions and beliefs by low-level copy editors and wire desk writers. But the result is just as nefarious as if it had been a vast conspiracy.  On Saturday, Islamist terrorists tried to blow up the Khawr Al Amaya Oil Terminal near Basra. They launched three suicide boats toward the docks, in the type of attack that had succeeded against the U.S.S. Cole and, more recently, a French oil tanker. But this time, the U.S. Navy was on the job. The port patrol intercepted the suicide squads. Two Coast Guardsmen and five Navy sailors aboard a rigid hull inflatable were preparing to board a dhow that had approached the terminal, and the bad guys,  a la  Flight 93, blew themselves up when caught. A couple of brave sailors died, as did a U.S. Coast Guard member. Yet the day was saved. Damage to the oil rigs at the port was minimal. Exporting of billions of barrels of crucial oil -- crucial to the rebuilding of Iraq -- resumed within hours.  So what headline did the Associated Press (and thus dozens if not hundreds of American newspapers) put on this story? "U.S. Thwarts Major Terror Strike?" "Quick-Thinking Sailors Defeat Bombers on High Seas?"  Nope, try this:   "Two U.S. servicemembers killed when boats explode near Iraqi oil facilities"   Just another bad day in Iraq, I guess.
     
    


	 
      A wonderful tilt at my own hometown  "Philadelphia Inquirer"  for a total  urlLink  lack of coverage of the food-for oil program scandal at the U.N.   Gene Roberts, I presume to assume, would be ashamed. Of course, you could make just about any major media outlet in the U.S. look foolish over this one.
     
    


	 
      I hate to do so much cherry-picking off Andrew Sullivan's site, but his readers are some of the most savvy and insightful on the Net. Here's a letter he got recently:   "In reading articles marking 10 years since the end of South Africa apartheid, I was struck by the similarities between that country’s struggle since liberation and the current struggle since the liberation of Iraq. Likewise, I was struck by the relative silence of the left on the real problems South Africa has faced in the past 10 years.  In the early 1990’s, the movement against apartheid was one of the most passionate cause of the American left. The struggle for freedom in South Africa ended on April 27th 1994 when over 90% of the people of that country went to the polls to elect the first democratic government the country had ever seen. Since that time, South Africa has been one of the most, if not the most, dangerous place to live on the planet.  In 1998 for instance, South Africa led the world with a recorded 59 murders per hundred thousand citizens (source: Interpol). By comparison, the United States had 6 per hundred thousand that year; England had 1, France 4, and Russia 21. The closest to South Africa was Colombia, with 56.  Presently, although crime seems to have abated, the country is still racked with problems. An estimated 20.1% of the population has AIDS, 50% of the population is below the poverty line, and 37% of the population is unemployed. The current life expectancy is 46.56 years.   Now, very few people on any side of the political spectrum would argue that South Africa was "better off" under apartheid. Yet, those that oppose our war in Iraq often bitterly complain that the Iraqis are not better off. Both countries, when liberated, were coming from oppressive governments with people unaccustomed to the democratic process. It has taken ten years to get South Africa to the still troubled, but gradually improving, state it is currently in. Why is so much expected of Iraq so quickly? Apparently, the left's criterion for democratic progress is a double standard."  
     
    


	 
       "In Iraq our national security interests and our national values converge. Iraq is truly the test of a generation, for America and for our role in the world. Faced with similar challenges, previous generations of Americans have passed such tests with honor. It is now our turn to demonstrate that our power, ennobled by our principles, is the greatest force for good on earth today. Iraq's transformation into a secure democracy and a force for freedom in the greater Middle East is the calling of our age. We can succeed. We must succeed."  --  Sen. John McCain 
     
    


	 
       urlLink  An excellent exploration of the new edition of Ezra Pound.  
     
    


	 
      There's a new  urlLink  blog covering the unfolding oil-for-food bribery scandal  . Worth following! As are the different ways the story plays out in the various world media, depending on their level of comfort with it.
     
    


	 
       urlLink  Andrew Sullivan   reprints this insightful letter from a U.S. military chaplain in Fallujah:   Here's some background on Al Faluja to keep in mind.  A) Why is it in the news almost every night? Because it is one of the FEW places in all of Iraq where trouble exists. Iraq has 25 million people and is the size of California. Faluja and surrounding towns total 500,000 people. Do the math: that's not a big percentage of Iraq. How many people were murdered last night in L.A.? Did it make headline news? Why not?  B) Saddam could not and did not control Faluja. He bought off those he could, killed those he couldn't and played all leaders against one another. It was and is a 'difficult' town. Nothing new about that. What is new is that outside people have come in to stir up unrest. How many are there is classified, but let me tell you this: there are more people in the northeast Minneapolis gangs than there are causing havoc in Faluja. Surprised?  C) Then why does it get so much coverage? Because the major news outlets have camera crews permanently posted in Faluja. So, if you are from outside Iraq, and want to get air time for your cause, where would you go to terrorize, bomb, mutilate and destroy? Faluja.  D) Why does it seem to be getting worse? Two answers:  1) This country became a welfare state under Saddam. If you cared about your well-fare, you towed the line or died. The state did your thinking and your bidding. Want a job? Pledge allegiance to the Ba’ath party. Want an apartment, a car, etc? Show loyalty. Electricity, water, sewage, etc. was paid by the state. Go with the flow: life is good. Don't and you're dead. Now, what does that do to initiative? drive? industry?  So, we come along and lock up sugar daddy and give these people the toughest challenge in the world, FREEDOM. You want a job? Earn it! A house? Buy it or build it! Security? Build a police force, army and militia and give it to yourself. Risk your lives and earn freedom. The good news is that millions of Iraqis are doing just that, and some pay with their lives. But many, many are struggling with freedom (just like East Germans, Russians, Czechs, etc.) and they want a sugar daddy, the U.S.A., to do it all. We refuse. We don't want to be plantation owners. We make it clear we are here to help, not own or stay. They get mad about that, sometimes.  Nonetheless, in Faluja, the supposed hotbed of dissent in Iraq, countless Iraqis tell our psyopers they want to cooperate with us but are afraid the thugs will slit their throats or kill their kids. A bad gang can do that to a neighborhood and a town. That's what is happening here.  2) We have a battle hand-off going on here. The largest in recent American history. The Army is passing the baton to the Marines in this area. There is uncertainty among the populace and misinformation being given out by the bad guys. As a result there is insecurity and the bad guys are testing the resolve of the Marines and indirectly you, the American people. The bad guys are convinced that Americans have no stomach for a long haul effort here. They want to drive us out of here and then resurrect a dictatorship of one kind or another.  Okay, what do we do? Stay the course. The Marines will get into a battle rhythm and, along with other forces and government agencies here, they will knock out the crack houses, drive the thugs across the border and set the conditions for the Falujans to join the freedom parade or rot in their lack of initiative. Either way, the choice will be theirs. The alternative? Turn tail, pull out and leave a power vacuum that will suck in all of Iraq's neighbors and spark a civil war that could make Rwanda look like a misdemeanor.  Hey, America, don't go weak kneed on us: 585 dead American's made an investment here. That's a whole lot less than were killed on American highways last month. Their lives are honored when we stay the course and do the job we came to do; namely, set the conditions for a new government and empower these people to be the great nation they are capable of being.  
     
    


	 
      America wove two tragic mistakes into its victory in the Gulf War of 1991.  The first was fighting a half-war. War is terrible; to pretend it can be anything else is naive. To leave a battlefield with the enemy half-beaten, as Colin Powell did in 1991, may seem merciful in the moment, but it costs far more lives and woe in the long run.  Hannibal, after he smashed the legions at Cannae, paused instead of pressing on to Rome and bringing the republic to its knees. One of his generals told him, "You know how to win a battle, Hannibal, but not how to use your victory." After the next war, the Romans leveled Carthage and sowed its soil with salt.  At the end of the rout in Kuwait in 1991, American and British ground units cut off the loot-laden Iraqi army, and Allied warplanes killed them by the thousands, along with their tanks, trucks and howitzers. Poor-boy soldiers, mostly conscripts, were cut to shreds in the middle of a 60-mile traffic jam on the two-lane highway back to Basra.  Seeing graphic pictures of the "Highway of Death," Powell decided to halt combat. The Iraqis had been chased out of Kuwait; a goal was met.  Which points to the second mistake of 1991: an over-emphasis on mutilateralism. U.N. resolutions had authorized only the liberation of Kuwait, not the ouster of Saddam. Arab and Muslim allies, who contributed little to the actual fighting, grew restive as a major power in their region, however despised, fell to the might of the Americans.  And so the vast army that had marched against Saddam Hussein in 1991 stopped short of victory. When the smoke cleared, his head was still on the statues around his palaces, not in a noose, where it belonged. No enemies had set foot in Baghdad. His Republican Guards still existed. Saddam interpreted this as a victory, and it's hard to argue with him.  Powell could have pressed on to total victory, aided by Kurds and Marsh Arabs, and ground down the ideology of Baathist fascism. He could have rolled over Iraq with a sufficient force to insure order and stability in the wake of conquest. That was our last best chance to do what we are struggling to do now. Instead, an estimated 30,000 Kurdish and Shiite civilians paid with their lives for Powell's moment of mercy and statesmanship.  We did not make the second mistake this time. The British, Australians, Italians, Danes and Dutch are a core of reliable allies. The rest of the current "coalition of the willing," with the exception of newly emerging Poland, are a list of names offering little real help.  But are we making the first mistake again? Start-and-stop drives against the insurgents in Fallujah and al-Sadr's brigades suggest our leaders have failed to learn the bitter lesson of '91. Our forbearance in such situations only is interpreted as weakness by the enemy.  In 1918, the German army limped home, beaten in the trenches but with its homeland unbloodied. Within months, the whisper of of a "stab in the back" had grown to a murmur, and within a generation the Great War was fought all over, with deadlier force and tens of millions of casualties. This time, when it ended, there was no doubt about defeat. And Germany has been a force for peace, unity and stability in Europe for the half century since.  War is a brutal, bloody, destructive business. People who understand that -- Sherman, Patton -- are not men you would want for your secretaries of state in peacetime. But they succeed at war. Victory first; unconditional victory. Then mercy. 
     
    


	 
      Some thing are worth fighting for. The rule of law. An independent judiciary. A military that is answerable to civilian authority. Whether the fight for them is against foreign enemies or domestic corruptions, these are values we cannot surrender.  America, like all the world's established democracies, still struggles with those ideals. The ideals test us, and events test our commitment to the ideals. The most dangerous tests come from the natural human tendency to trade order for law, to prefer safety to freedom.  In three concurrent cases, the U.S. Supreme Court is examining the Bush administration's detention of some 595 enemy combatants at the U.S. military base in Guantanamo Bay. Most are suspected al Qaeda members or Taliban fighters.   It is entirely appropriate that we argue these things before the nine justices. It proves that the shock of the worst terror attack in U.S. history, and the wars we have fought since, have not shaken our foundations. We can still passionately debate whether the constitutional right of habeas corpus extends to enemy irregulars on a distant battlefield. We have held true to our civilization.  Those things we deem worth fighting for do not exist in the minds of the people who brought on this war, on Sept. 11, 2001. They regard such concepts as weak, decadent, irreligious.  America has begun to "impose" these "Western" values in Afghanistan. It has even begun to implement them in Iraq, along with another core Western value: Tolerance -- religious, political, social.   And that is another thing worth fighting for. Among those sitting on the high court in judgement of the administration's policy is Ruth Bader Ginsburg. Imagine for a moment her life, her career, in the Taliban's thugocracy or under Osama bin Laden's dream caliphate.  At the core of this just war are the lives of 3,000 of our fellow citizens, incinerated at their desks or on their way to work. They died in the spurts of their own blood with their throats slit, or chose between splattering themselves on the pavement from terrible heights or roasting to death in an inferno of airliner fuel. This was done to them because they were Americans. The immigrant maintenance workers died as surely as the Wall Street mavens, the first casualties in a war we did not start and did not seek.  The only difference between you and them was that they got on the wrong plane that morning; they worked in a different building than you do. As Sheikh Omar Bakri Muhammad, the London-based radical Muslim cleric said in an interview published Sunday, "We don't make a distinction between civilians and non-civilians, innocents and non-innocents. Only between Muslims and unbelievers. And the life of an unbeliever has no value. It has no sanctity."   It is possible to argue sincerely that Iraq was the wrong next step in this war. But it is ludicrous to deny the fact that a war exists, or what it ultimately is about. It is possible as a pacifist to say, "not in my name." Very well, then, not in your name. But in the name of the rule of law, an independent judiciary, and tolerance.  Let the bin Ladens mock the nation that puts a Jewish woman (unveiled, no less) on its highest court because of her merits, to protect the rights of his POWs. Let Sheikh Omar mock the rule of law that allows him to continue spewing hatred in the infidels' capital. "I've been arrested 16 times," he boasts. "And 16 times freed, because they have nothing against me. These are the contradictions of laws made by man."  Let them mock, because they only remind us what we're fighting for.
     
    


	 
      A Townhall piece by Dennis Prager, titled  urlLink  "People are Good; the World Stinks"   (4/20/04). He rants a lot, and comes from a Christian perspective (which I don't), but when he hits it, he hits it:   If you love goodness and hate evil, this is a tough time to stay sane.   Israel has killed Abdel Aziz Rantisi, the Hamas terror leader, and almost every nation in the world and the nations' theoretical embodiment, the United Nations, have condemned Israel for doing so.  World leaders and the world organization have said almost nothing about Communist China's ongoing destruction of one of the world's oldest civilizations, Tibet. World leaders have said almost nothing about the Arab enslavement and genocide of non-Arab blacks in Sudan. But they convene world conferences to label Israel, one of the most humane and decent democracies on earth, a pariah.  In order to retain my sanity, I ask the reader's indulgence as I use this column to express personal thoughts.  I have contempt for "the world." I cherish and admire countless individuals, but I have contempt for "the world" and "world opinion." "The world" has never cared about evils inflicted on human beings. The Communist genocides meant nothing to humanity. The Holocaust meant nothing. With almost no exception, the mass atrocities since World War II have likewise absorbed humanity less than the Olympics or the Miss World Contest.  I have contempt for the United Nations. It is one of the great obstacles to goodness and decency on this planet. Its moral record -- outside of a few specialized agencies such as the World Health Organization -- is almost entirely supportive of evil and condemnatory of good. It is dominated by the most morally backward governments in the world -- those from the Arab and Muslim worlds, the Communists during their heyday and African despots. It appointed Libya, a despotic, primitive state, to head its Human Rights Commission, whose members include China, Saudi Arabia and Sudan. Neither the United States nor Israel sits on the Commission.  I regard the European Union with similar revulsion. With little opposition, Europe murdered nearly every Jewish man, woman and child in its midst, and a half-century later provides cover for those in the Middle East who seek to do to the Middle East's Jews exactly what the Nazis did to the European Jews. For the European Union to condemn Israel's killing of a Hamas leader, when Hamas's avowed aim is another Jewish genocide, is so loathsome as to board the incredible. For Germany and France (who, unlike America, have almost never shed blood for the liberty of others) to do everything they can to undermine America's attempt to liberate Iraq is similarly repugnant.  
     
    


	 
      An infidel is just an infidel (and you're an infidel)    urlLink  "We don't make a distinction between civilians and non-civilians, innocents and non-innocents. Only between Muslims and unbelievers. And the life of an unbeliever has no value. It has no sanctity."  --Sheikh Omar Bakri Muhammad   
     
    


	 
      The Human Rights Center in Kadhimiya, Iraq, was set up by Iraqis (not Coalition leaders). It has combed through the vast formerly secret archives left by the Baathist regime. Like their models, the German Nazis, Saddam's crew left a paper trail a mile wide, documenting in good bureaucratic form all the blood-spattering murder they committed. The HRC projected that if the invasion had not happened, Saddam would have killed 70,000 people in the past year. That's not counting the dead who would have continued under U.N. sanctions. 
     
    


	 
      Fabrizio Quattrocchi, the Italian hostage executed in Iraq, tried to tear off his hood seconds before he was shot dead and shouted, "Now I'll show you how an Italian dies."  "Vi faccio vedere come muore un italiano"  You can email their embassy here at: stampa@itwash.org  Here's what I sent today.  Greetings,  I have been reading about the last moments, in Iraq, of your brave countryman Fabrizio Quattrocchi. I wanted to send you my conolences over his death, and my appreciation for his life. I hope this attempt at translation comes near what I mean to say:  Mi dispiace molto spezialmente per la familia del bravo signore. Questo uomo fino era il meglio d'Italia, ê il meglio d'Europa.  Moltisssimo grazia tutti amici Italiani.  Viva Italia.  Douglas Harper Lancaster, Pa.
     
    


	 
      I wanted to make a record of this, in some place where I can find it quickly, for the next time someone tells me Michael Moore is not anti-American, just anti-Bush, and that he's a good liberal on the old noble tradition of that school.  This was published on his Web site Wednesday, April 14, 2004. It's titled "Heads Up ... from Michael Moore." It's addressed to "Friends," and it's a rambling diatribe about Bush's press conference. It begins like this:    I have never seen a head so far up a Presidential ass (pardon my Falluja) than the one I saw last night at the "news conference" given by George W. Bush. He's still talking about finding "weapons of mass destruction" -- this time on Saddam's "turkey farm."    Ungrammatical in the first sentence ("so far ... than"), flat-out wrong in the second (it was Ghadhafi, not Saddam who had mustard gas hidden on a turkey farm). But what did you expect?  Well, "plenty," probably, if you're like some of the people sitting around me now. In the media office where I work, Moore is a sort of demi-god (full divinity is reserved only for Chomsky). His book is always prominently displayed on soneone's desk, and his face is always beaming as someone's screen saver. He's even been suggested to me as a "cure" for my bad thinking.  This is the part that address what Moore sees as "the Iraq sinkhole" and what he'd like to see happen there.    The Iraqis who have risen up against the occupation are not "insurgents" or "terrorists" or "The Enemy." They are the REVOLUTION, the Minutemen, and their numbers will grow -- and they will win. Get it, Mr. Bush?    Coincidentally, I was having this conversation last night, over beers, with a war opponent who also happens to have a son in the 4ID, just back from Iraq. If you block out about 90 percent of the view of the thing, you can actually see parallels between insurgents in Iraq -- or anywhere -- and American colonial revolutionaries. The weaker side in an uneven struggle will tend to break the rules of war. It intimidates civilians and fights with guerilla tactics. All wars, on the level of the soldiers, are grim survival struggles.  But take just one step back and the difference becomes obvious. The revolutionaries of 1776 had made a statement of what they were fighting for. It is in the Declaration of Independence, especially in Jefferson's preamble. They were fighting for Enlightenment values: freedom, liberty, opportunity.  The Islamist insurgents in Iraq know what they are fighting for, too. They, too, have declared their cause. They want to turn the clock back to the 14th century. They want to enslave and mutilate women, murder Westerners, and exterminate the Jews. They want to impose a Dark Ages fundamentalist theology on half the world and keep the other half in fear and poverty.    ... There is a lot of talk amongst Bush's opponents that we should turn this war over to the United Nations. Why should the other countries of this world, countries who tried to talk us out of this folly, now have to clean up our mess? I oppose the U.N. or anyone else risking the lives of their citizens to extract us from our debacle. I'm sorry, but the majority of Americans supported this war once it began and, sadly, that majority must now sacrifice their children until enough blood has been let that maybe -- just maybe -- God and the Iraqi people will forgive us in the end.    Michael Moore does not want better lives for the people of Iraq. He doesn't want international cooperation or a stronger United Nations. He does not want to bring the boys home.  He wants them to die. He wants your sons and brothers and mother ... to die. He seeks collective retribution against America. At least with bin Laden you get a certain eloquence, and sometimes some Arabic poetry, with your death sentence. With Moore, all you get are potty jokes.  Is it unreasonable to assume, given this clear statement from Moore, that he is giving money to the "Minutemen" in Iraq? Or that he is giving money to organizations that find a way to put the powder in their muskets? Is it possible for any honest American to put money in his pockets in that case?  Rush Limbaugh may be a big fat idiot (I don't pay any attention to him, so I don't know). But I think I'd rather be on the side of a big fat idiot than a murderous moron. 
     
    


	 
       urlLink  A good, forthright analysis, by one who, unlike many pundits, is at the source. Must reading for Americans who care about this work.  
     
    


	 
      In the wake of the Sept. 11 Commission hearings, AOL has one of those pop-up polls when you sign on that says, "who was responsible for Sept. 11?" And there are pictures of people like Bush, Rice, Tenet, Clinton, Ashcroft.  It brought George Pickett to mind. After the Civil War ended, the surviving Confederate military leaders fell to playing the blame game for their defeat, especially at Gettysburg. When someone asked Pickett who he thought was the cause of the South's catastrophic loss, he replied, "I've always thought the Yankees had something to do with it."
     
    


	 
       urlLink  "Now is the worst possible time to cut and run from Iraq. The Australian Government understands this and will keep Australian troops there until their tasks are complete."  
     
    


	 
      World War IV began on Feb. 26, 1993, but almost nobody in America realized this. Islamic fundamentalists tried to topple one of the Twin Towers onto the other amid a cloud of cyanide gas. The plan failed, the details didn't emerge until much later, and at the time it seemed like another wacky day in the Big Apple, not a dress rehearsal for Hell.  We had grown up thinking in terms of World War III, with the enemy cast as a military superpower, our mirror image, armed with bristling missiles and tank brigades. It seemed impossible that we were at war with dark men who lived in caves and who flowed through our national veins and rented rooms in the dingy neighborhoods of old Northeastern cities. They didn't have aircraft carriers, they had box-cutters and credit cards.  World War IV continued with the bombings of American embassies in Kenya and Tanzania on Aug. 7, 1998. It continued on Oct. 17, 2000, with the attack on the U.S.S. Cole. But even as the enemy became more clear, even as a U.S. warship was blown nearly in half, few people in America understood this as a new war. The administration in power here at the time was not suited for this war. It had an antagonistic history with the military and the CIA when it was out of power, and a tendency to use them fecklessly when in power.  That administration in Washington left. A new one arrived. We were unlucky to get for a president a man with little world experience, who was uninterested in foreign policy; an Attorney General eager to go to war only against home-grown perverts and homos; and a cranky Secretary of Defense great at moving missles and light forces, but unwilling or uninterested in large-force actions, long-term missions, deep investments.  On Sept. 11, 2001, a great many people woke up to the fact that the United States is at war. Since then, with every day's headlines, the realization seeps in more deeply into some people, and begins to dawn in others. But a great many still do not accept this. They only see one side of the war, like people hearing only one half of a telephone conversation, sitting in the room with the caller.  The main difference among Americans today is that some of us believe the United States is at war, a dangerous war against a desperate enemy. And other people don't believe that's true at all. To the non-believers, the people who are waging war look insanely violent, paranoid, and unstable, and to the people at war those who don't believe it look like appeasers and useful idiots, if not outright traitors. It's hard to concoct a formula more certain to breed ugliness.  The people we are fighting say certain things very clearly: we are infidels who have offended their religion, they are at war with us, and they want us to die.  Osama bin Laden issued a "Declaration of War Against the Americans Occupying the Land of the Two Holy Places" on Aug. 23, 1996. Again, on Feb. 23, 1998, bin Laden and others signed a fatwa declaring war on the United States. "The ruling to kill the Americans and their allies -- civilians and military -- is an individual duty for every Muslim who can do it in any country in which it is possible to do it ... We -- with God's help -- call on every Muslim who believes in God and wishes to be rewarded to comply with God's order to kill the Americans and plunder their money wherever and whenever they find it."  Now more people are waking up to the fact of a war, but I expect the result will not be a shift toward majority unity, as in World War II. Instead, the difference between us will shift to whether World War IV existed before America invaded Iraq, or whether the globe was happy and at peace until the big oaf America kicked up this explosion of hatred. If there had been no Iraq, we'd be having the same discussion about Afghanistan, or the West Bank; certain groups insist on seeing only the United States as an agent in the world. All violence and all blame traces back to Washington, D.C.  Now we are fighting in Iraq. After the terror attacks, many people in the world told America, "don't just go out and kill terrorists; strike at the root cause of terrorism." So this is where we're trying to do that, whether we always realize it or not. This is the most daring thing America has ever attempted. We've opened a second front in the war between us and Islamofascism. Except the goal of this front is not merely to kill the enemy and sap his strength; it is to plant seeds of freedom and democracy in the dark places where his poisons grow.  Once it's begun, it has got to succeed. The U.S. is trying to do this almost alone, with a highly capable military, an astonishingly inept and high-handed presidential administration, a vituperative opposition at home, and a wobbly hand-wringing media with a recurring case of the vapors.  It's too late to bring the boys (and girls) home and pretend it never happened. Yet that is the only solution offered on the liberal radio network, for instance. Like an unwanted baby, Iraq is here, it's ours, we better adjust. What happens in Iraq now will determine the future of the world for the next century. I've always said that it will be 20 years before we can even begin to say whether toppling Saddam and trying to set up a democratic Iraq was a good idea, in world history terms.  Now we have a chance to change administrations again. It doesn't matter to me if George W. Bush stays or goes. Iraq is more important than anything on the radar screen in this election. If Bush can't do the job, and the other guy can, dump Bush. I never voted for a Bush and I hope never to do so. But Kerry has got to show me that he understands the seriousness of this situation and knows what to do about it. So far, if I try to construct a policy out of his statements, it seems to be "turn back the clock to April 2003 and do something else."  Why trade one set of bumblers for another? It only encourages the enemy. If Kerry wants to lure voters like me over to his side, he ought to start by saying, "Whether President Bush or I wins this election, America will stand by the Iraqi people as they rebuild their nation. I will do things differently, but the terrorists, the thugs and killers, the mass transit bombers, the fundamentalist fascists who haunt the Middle East, will not get their way. They will be more unhappy with me in the White House than they can ever imagine."  I doubt I'll hear that from him, however, since I hear how the Democratic "base" talks and thinks around here.  I look around at the people who see this the way I do, in my personal circles or on the Internet: I see many are like me, men between about 35 and 50 who had previously thought of themselves as liberal, in a mild way. It is natural to become more conservative as you age. Perhaps in our cases, that one stunning September day three years ago telescoped 10 years of personal evolution into an hour.   [I have no hesitation in conflating related conflicts into large wars. America was defeated in Vietnam. But that was one camapign in a war which we ultimately won. This is not political justification. Nor is it revisionism. It's merely a historical perspective. The long view of history sees related conflicts as long-term wars. The Peloponnesian War, the Hundred Year's War, had long intervals of truce and peace, but we rightly consider them single conflicts. So the U.S.-Soviet conflict of 1945-1989 will seem, a century from now, to be a single world war in which Korea, Vietnam, Bay of Pigs, and Afghanistan (1980s) were campaigns or episodes.] 
     
    


	 
       urlLink  In our time, anti-Americanism has become a crushing, Stalinist orthodoxy, an ossified system of bigoted dogmas that ruthlessly ostracizes all who would question it. It has become boring, even to the French. In this atmosphere, Monsieur Revel's book is truly a breath of fresh air. I only wish I had written it.    ... ditto ...
     
    


	 
         "There must be a temptation, when confronted with the Dantesque scenes from Fallujah, to surrender to something like existential despair. The mob could have cooked and eaten its victims without making things very much worse. One especially appreciated the detail of the heroes who menaced the nurses, when they came to try and remove the charred trophies."      urlLink  Christopher Hitchens on Fallujah.   
     
    


	 
       urlLink  Roger L. Simon   has a dead-on reaction to the "Kos" post from yesterday, which gloated over the deaths of U.S. civilians in Iraq.    But something happened in the cataclysm of 9/11, a fracture that, instead of repairing in the normal way, has just grown worse. In the intervening relatively short period, a great portion of the left has almost unthinkingly placed itself in a classical Laingian double-bind--its hatred of Bush unable to co-exist with its natural idealism. Back in the Early Paleolithic Period, when I first joined the left, it was this idealism that motivated all of us. I assume it did for Zuniga et al. But some kind of cognitive dissonance set in after those planes came crashing into the World Trade Center. They refused to accept that anything good could happen under another name (Republicanism, conservatism, Bush, etc.). Good only comes from the names they traditionally associate with it. So heinous and barbaric acts are excused by people who under other circumstance would never do that. It's depressing and it's frightening.     
     
    


	 
       (I posted about this poll below; 71 percent vs. 17 percent makes this a highly atypical case)   By The Associated Press  Anti-American sentiment in the region of Iraq where four U.S. civilian contractors were killed and their bodies burned and mutilated is far higher than in the country as a whole, according to a nationwide poll of Iraqis.  In the province that includes Fallujah, seven in 10, or 71 percent, said attacks on coalition forces are acceptable political action. Among all Iraqis, just 17 percent held that view, according to the poll, conducted before the attack on the contractors, by Oxford Research International for ABC News and several European networks.  More than half in the Anbar province, which is heavily populated with Sunni Arabs, said that attacks on foreigners who work with the coalition are acceptable, while 10 percent of all Iraqis felt that way.  Four of five in Anbar say the U.S.-led invasion of Iraq was wrong, compared with about half that many Iraqis in general. And by a 2-1 margin, residents of Anbar were more likely than Iraqis generally to say the invasion humiliated rather than liberated Iraq.  The poll was done for ABC, the BBC, the German broadcasting network ARD and the Japanese network NHK. The survey of 2,737 Iraqis age 15 and older was conducted from Feb. 9-28 and has a margin of sampling error of plus or minus 2 percentage points, larger for subgroups.
     
    


	 
      A left-wing blog that calls itself  urlLink  Kos   says cruelly stupid things about the Americans slain and dismembered in Iraq.     I feel nothing over the death of merceneries. They aren't in Iraq because of orders, or because they are there trying to help the people make Iraq a better place. They are there to wage war for profit. Screw them.   ... Don't believe for a second this is about democratic rule. These guys were mercenary thugs working for a proto-fascist US regime.  ... The "mercenaries" by and large are Americans who never made much as US soldiers ....     So who are these mercenary monsters, these "failed" soldiers?     Jerry Zovko joined the Army in 1991 at age 19. He spoke five languages fluently — English, Croatian, Spanish, Russian and Arabic. He was a member of the 82nd Airborne Division at Fort Bragg in North Carolina, Tom Zovko said.  Teague, of Clarksville, Tenn., was a 12-year Army veteran who earned a Bronze Star for service in Afghanistan and also served in Panama and Grenada, his wife, Rhonda, said in a prepared statement. She called her husband a ”proud father, soldier and American.“     I know guys like that. Ex-special forces types, getting ahead in construction or some other contracting work. They work for money, they go where the money's good, and they give you good effort for your dollar.    urlLink  Meanwhile, something I meant to post earlier. Mario Vargas Llosa, brilliant and human, explains Madrid (in the Guardian).  
     
    


	 
       urlLink  Here's a reminder.  
     
    


	 
      Ontario has authorized the use of sharia law in civil arbitrations. A group calling itself the Islamic Institute of Civil Justice will hold tribunals in which marriage, family, and business disputes can be settled according to fundamentalist religious law.  The rules that allow this go back to 1991, when Ontario sought to divert some of its civil caseload into arbitration tribunals. Tribunals, some run by religious groups (Hassidic Jews, Catholics, Ismaili Muslims), now handle divorces, child custody battles, and inheritance cases. Most are run by professionals trained in dispute resolution.  But sharia is different.  Sharia law is based on the Koran, which provides divine rules for behavior. It is strongly patriarchal, which is hardly surprising, considering it dates from 700 to 1000 C.E. No law, divine or not, codified in that era had anything like gender equality. Women who are "feared" to be "disobedient" may be cast out of the husband's bed (and he can take another in her place), and beaten. In Nigeria, it has been invoked to justify death by stoning.  Canada's Muslim population numbers more than 600,000, and the Toronto "Globe and Mail" reports that "many Muslims live in self-contained enclaves where there is little interaction with the outside world." Muslim women in Canada, even those who have been there for decades, often don't speak English, are poorly educated, and remain dependent on their families. They have no idea of their rights under Canadian law. Especially at risk are young immigrants, who come from the Middle East or North Africa, where sharia law and has been applied relentlessly. They know nothing else.  As the Globe and Mail put it, "The arbitrators can be imams, Muslim elders or lawyers. In theory, their decisions aren't supposed to conflict with Canadian civil law. But because there is no third-party oversight, and no duty to report decisions, no outsider will ever know if they do. These decisions can be appealed to the regular courts. But for Muslim women, the pressures to abide by the precepts of sharia are overwhelming. To reject sharia is, quite simply, to be a bad Muslim."  Indeed, the driving force behind the court is a lawyer and scholar named Syed Mumtaz Ali, who is quoted as saying "to be a good Muslim," all Muslims must use these sharia courts.  "There are safeguards built into the act," said Brendan Crawley, the provincial attorney-general's spokesman. "Participation must be voluntary by both parties and there is recourse if a decision doesn't abide by Canadian law. They can appeal to the courts."  But some Muslim women in and around Toronto have heard this before, and they're having none of it.  One of them is Homa Arjomand. "I chose to come to Canada because of multiculturalism," she said. "But when I came here, I realized how much damage multiculturalism is doing to women. I'm against it strongly now. It has become a barrier to women's rights."  Arjomand lived under sharia law in Iran. In 1989 someone tipped her off that she was about to be arrested and imprisoned. Many of her activist friends had already been tried and executed. She and her husband paid $15,000 to smugglers, then they and two small children (the youngest barely 1) escaped to Turkey through the mountains, riding on horseback, sleeping in barns.   Two years later, the onetime professor of medical physics arrived in Canada as a refugee. And how grateful she was to be in a secular country, where female equality was the law. All -— all —- of the women's activists she worked with in Tehran have been executed.  "The last thing I expected in Canada, the last thing I want, is sharia law," Arjomand says. "Women are not equal under it."  "In a straight disagreement between a husband and wife, the husband's testimony will prevail. That is sharia. Even those women who know they can appeal will not challenge an arbitration decision for fear of the consequences."  She tells of things she already sees in Toronto, in her work helping immigrant women in trouble. Battered Muslim who don't dare go to the authorities. Bigamy. She tells of two 14-year-old girls who were married last year to older men, in defiance of Ontario law prohibiting marriage before age 16.  "These girls were born in Canada," she said. "I want to tell them to leave and get them into group homes, but if they do they'll be disavowed and isolated."  Another is Alia Hogben, Indian-born president of the Canadian Council of Muslim Women. The council was never consulted about the new sharia courts, and it strongly opposes them. "A lot of money is being poured into North America from very traditional groups from Saudi Arabia and Libya," Hogben said. These groups are known for their intolerance to other versions of Islam.  The tribunals have set off a fierce debate in Toronto. Even the  urlLink  "Toronto Star,"   which usually seems far more outraged by U.S. attempts to overthrow Saddam Hussein than by repression of women in the Middle East, has come out with concerns about this, though they do not oppose it.  In an  urlLink  June 3 op-ed piece in the Toronto Star,   she laid out her group's opposition to the tribunals. Like Irshad Manji, another brave Canadian Muslim woman, the CCMW members are true to their faith. Like Americans and Canadians of many, and no, religion, they choose to practice privately in a secular society.   In Canada, we can live fully as Muslims because of the values of fairness, social justice and acceptance of diversity. We should work with our fellow citizens when faced with injustices rather than segregating ourselves in fragmented communities.    But they have gone public in opposition to the government's plan, even though they anguish over the sad fact that doing so likely will bring disapproval on Canadian Muslims generally, among those who do not, or will not, make distinctions.   We fear that this discussion may increase anti-Muslim hostility, which, sadly, would be injurious for us as individuals and as a community. However, the issue is too important because it is about women's human rights and our treatment under the laws of Canada.   Hogben's article also draws an important distinction between "sharia," "Islamic," and "Muslim," and shows how the advocates of the tribunals exploit the terminology.   Sharia is an encompassing, value-laden term, and literally means the beaten path to the water, and metaphorically describes the way Muslims are to live. It is far more profound than mere jurisprudence,  (fiqh)  or Muslim law.  The term "Islamic" connotes the teachings of the faith, while "Muslim" relates to matters of the believers. Muslim family law is the human interpretation, over centuries, of Islamic guidance and is not divinely ordained, as some would have us believe.  The proponents of these tribunals are deliberately using the term Sharia, knowing that this will silence discussion and give them "Islamic" legitimacy in the eyes of some believers. They play into the fears of us, newer Canadians, arguing that we need identity markers to remain Muslim. They are belittling the rights provided under Canadian laws and presenting an idealized version of Muslim law.    urlLink  Please support Alia Hogben and the other women who are standing up for the freedom of living in an open, secular society.   
     
    


	 
      We picked up a huge AP article on "militia subculture" in northwest Pennsylvania. This expose is keyed to "the six-member Christian American Patriots Survivalists." AP's sense of proportions sometimes seems as far off as the stage sets in "This is Spinal Tap."  Even the usual experts -- who make a living (or at least get their jollies) off presenting their topic as a Big Problem -- couldn't manage to work up a head of enthusiasm. “Their numbers are almost certainly very small," one said. "Dozens. I don’t think we’re necessarily even talking hundreds — and we’re certainly not talking thousands.”  The Southern Poverty Law Center bases its fundraising on scaring Northern liberal people in comfortable suburban communities with lurid tales of the kind of "Deliverance" ghouls who still haunt the rural heartland.  But even they weren't much help. According to SPLC, the number of "militia or militia-type groups" -- active militias -- has tumbled from 858 in 1996 to a mere 171 today. And the one the AP had picked as the hook for its article wasn't even on their list.  But you can bet it will be on next year's fund-raising appeal -- even though the members are feckless, scattered, and many of them will be in jail by then.  The real jaw-dropper, for me, in this story was to see the four Pennsylvania groups that ARE on the SPLC militia list. One's the Pittsburgh John Birchers -- senescent paleo-conservatives, but no more dangerous than Pat Buchanan. The other is the Constitution Party, based right here in Lancaster.  We know these folks. The head of the party is a local lawyer, Jim Clymer. He's well-liked around the newsroom -- yes, even my uber-liberal colleagues admire him because, for a politician, he's frank. He tells you what he really thinks, and what he really plans to do. He, and his party, are old-school social conservatives: anti-abortion, Christian-based. They are pro-Second Amendment -- Clymer says so in the article -- but so are a lot of people, and it's hardly the heart of their message or their platform. Their gubernatorial candidate was a mom and day-care center founder from Johnstown. It's frankly a slander to call such people a "militia." 
     
    


	 
      During the Iraq invasion,  urlLink  war critics   blamed the American media for declining to focus their coverage on al-Jazeera-style footage of American dead and civilian casualties.  Some of them evoked the ghost of World War II correspondent Ernie Pyle, who wrote unflinchingly about the brutality and death of battle, about "friendly fire" casualties and blundering bureaucracies.  urlLink  They reminded us   that Pyle won his Pulitzer for a column that described the glamorless death of a U.S. Army captain.  Those people should have read more Ernie Pyle, or read him more carefully. Perhaps people already have forgotten that Pyle was the model the U.S. military held up to refractory Vietnam War correspondents for how a well-behaved war reporter ought to write.  The itch behind the call for more blood in the Iraq coverage is a desire to turn people's stomachs, and turn their loyalties away from the war to liberate Iraq and now the struggle to rebuild it. That was not where Pyle would have been. I can only imagine what he would have made of the Michael Moore call for more American corpses.   There are no more Ernie Pyles because our wars now take place on television. There is a world of difference between what Pyle did with his Corona typewriter and what a camera does as it pans across an embattled city street. It is the difference between Pyle's abstract, if unflinching, description of the dead in Italy and the torn-open bodies oozing blood in the Mideast dust. Pyle said he wanted "to make people see what I see." But Arthur Miller wrote that Pyle "told as much of what he saw as people could read without vomiting," which is probably closer to the truth.  Pyle and the World War II correspondents who worked in his vein "gave Americans about all the realism they wanted," James Tobin wrote in  "Ernie Pyle's War"  [1997]. "To tell much more was to risk shock, anger, rejection, not to mention censorship. To weave a myth of sacrificial suffering instead was to do one's bit for the war. Pyle's G.I. myth -- not an untruth, but a way of bending reality into a sensible and bearable shape -- helped Americans through history's most grotesque and deadly ordeal ..."  [Another difference between Pyle's war and ours is that the media, which now means TV,  is global. There is no notion of "doing one's bit" among the camera crews, because CNN is competing for market shares in a world audience, not informing a domestic one. If there are Ernie Pyles left anywhere, they are among the magazine correspondents. One of them,  urlLink  Michael Kelly  , left dispatches worthy of Pyle before he died in Iraq.]  It was a balanced path. If Pyle stood one step back from the untellable horror of war, he also kept a footing in its gritty reality. Pyle never published a single sentence tainted by blind jingoism. If he had, it would have been scorned by the soldiers whom he moved among and derided by his fellow war correspondents. It would have disappointed most of the people who read him at home, who relied on him to show them "their" war.  But Pyle could write as he did, grimly and honestly, because no one ever doubted whose side he was on. No one ever doubted whether he thought America ought to persevere, or to win. The deaths of so many good young men were a god-damned sin. But he never hinted that they died for nothing. Pyle didn't have to say in so many words that our cause is just, nor did he dehumanize the enemy.   He wrote about the ordinary GI, with an unabashed and unglamorized manly affection for that class of solider. The everyday bravery and decency of the soldiers, which Pyle, too, embodied, is what we like to see in ourselves. "Ernie and his G.I.'s had made America look good," Tobin wrote. "The Common Man Triumphant, the warrior-with-a-heart-of-gold -- this was the self-image Americans carried into the post-war era."  I picked an Ernie Pyle column, almost at random, and found one that has many contemporary echoes. It's unusual in that in it he takes a broader view of the war. He is reporting to America that the campaign underway is tougher than they think, that casualties are higher than they know. That the people they think they are liberating in many cases resent them and that there are many relics of the old regime left, stirring up trouble.    Political Situation in Africa Was Ticklish and Confusing   ALGERIA, JANUARY, 1943: Men who bring our convoys from America, some of whom have just recently arrived, tell me the people at home don't have a correct impression of things over here.   Merchant Marine officers who have been here a couple of days are astonished by the difference between what they thought the situation was and what it actually is. They say people at home think the North African campaign is a walkaway and will be over quickly; that our losses have been practically nil; that the French here love us to death, and that all German influence has been cleaned out.   If you think that, it is because we newspapermen here have failed at getting the finer points over to you.   Because this campaign at first was as much diplomatic as military the powers that be didn't permit our itchy typewriter fingers to delve into things internationally, which were ticklish enough without that. I believe misconceptions at home must have grown out of some missing part of the picture.   It would be very bad for another wave of extreme optimism to sweep over the United States. So maybe I can explain a little bit about why things over here, though all right for the long run, are not all strawberries and cream right now.   IN TUNISIA, for instance, we seem to be stalemated for the moment. The reasons are two. Our Army is a green army, and most of our Tunisian troops are in actual battle for the first time against seasoned troops and commanders. It will take us months of fighting to gain the experience our enemies start with.   In the second place, nobody knew exactly how much resistance the French would put up here, so we had to be set for full resistance. That meant, when the French capitulated in three days, we had to move eastward at once, or leave the Germans unhampered to build a big force in Tunisia.   So we moved several hundred miles and, with the British, began fighting. But we simply didn't have enough stuff on hand to knock the Germans out instantly. Nobody is to blame for this. I think our Army is doing wonderfully -- both in fighting with what we have and in getting more here -- but we are fighting an army as tough in spirit as ours, vastly more experienced, and more easily supplied.   So you must expect to wait a while before Tunisia is cleared and Rommel jumps into the sea.   OUR LOSSES IN MEN so far are not appalling by any means, but we are losing men. The other day an American ship brought the first newspaper from home I had seen since the occupation, and it said only 12 men were lost in taking Oran.   The losses, in fact, were not great, but they were a good many twelves times 12.   Most of our convalescent wounded have been sent to England. Some newly arrived American feel that, if more of the wounded were sent home it would put new grim vigor into the America people. We aren't the sort of people from whom wounded men have to be concealed.   THE BIGGEST PUZZLE to us who are on the scene is our policy of dealing with Axis agents and sympathizers in North Africa. We have taken into custody only the most out-and-out Axis agents, such as the German armistice missions and a few others. That done, we have turned the authority of arrest back to the French.   The procedure is that we investigate, and they arrest. As it winds up, we investigate period.   Our policy is still appeasement. It stems from what might be called the national hodgepodge of French emotions. Frenchmen today think and feel in lots of different directions. We moved softly at first, in order to capture as many French hearts as French square miles. Now that phase is over. We are here in full swing. We occupy countries and pretend not to. We are tender in order to avoid offending our friends, the French, in line with the policy of interfering as little as possible with French municipal life.   WE HAVE LEFT in office most of the small-fry officials put there by the Germans before we came. We are permitting Fascist societies to continue to exist. Actual sniping has been stopped, but there is still sabotage.   The loyal French see this and wonder what manner of people we are. They are used to force, and expect us to use it against the common enemy which includes the French Nazis. Our enemies see it, laugh, and call us soft.   Both sides are puzzled by a country at war which lets enemies run loose to work against it.   THERE ARE AN astonishing number of Axis sympathizers among the French in North Africa. Not a majority, of course, but more than you would imagine. This in itself is a great puzzle to me. I can't fathom the thought processes of a Frenchman who prefers German victory and perpetual domination rather than a temporary occupation resulting in eventual French freedom.   But there are such people and they are hindering us, and we over here think you folks at home should know three things:   That the going will be tough and probably long before we have cleaned up Africa and are ready to move to bigger fronts. That the French are fundamentally behind us, but that a strange, illegal stratum is against us. And that our fundamental policy still is one of soft-glowing snakes in our midst.    Notice, too, what he doesn't write. Nowhere, for instance, does he insinuate that Roosevelt's re-election hinges on success in North Africa.   urlLink  Solomon   has a thoughtful piece on the difference between Pyle and modern war correspondents.   Today's journalists tend to take a top-down approach. Every reporter thinks it's his or her own duty to make us question anew what it's all about. Only after they present this framework do they tell us about what our guys and gals are doing -- how tough they have it, how much they're sacrificing. That's the framework. First the questioning, then the story of strife. They say they want us to support our troops, but the dissonance is strong. How can you support our guys, really, truly give them the moral support they need when you don't really support what they're doing? It shows through. You can feel it like a sickness creeping into even the best-intended articles.  No, the feeling we get is one of pity rather than exultation. It's cause to falter, to question, and to turn against the mission. For today's journalist, the troops aren't the story, they're the excuse. They're the wedge to make the point the author really wants to make. They may be the subjects of any given story, but for many of today's writers, they're just props for the real performance.   Which is right on, except I'd go even further and say, at least at this point in the Iraq struggle, the guys and gals in uniform on our side have disappeared from the coverage entirely. You want to see the difference between Ernie Pyle and today? Here's a chunk of today's "New York Times" story out of Najaf:    "The agreements in Fallujah and Najaf appear to reflect the Bush administration's urgency to bring a measure of at least apparent calm to the country for the June 30 handover."    And I'm sure, had the U.S. military done what it was fully capable of, and continued to pick apart those insurgents with lethal efficiency, we would pick up the Times today and read something like: "The show of force in Fallujah and Najaf appears to reflect the Bush administration's urgency to quell the uprisings before the June 30 handover."  But what's amazing about both the "Times" and AP versions of these stories is, they quote U.S. generals in Baghdad, and al-Sadr's militiamen in Najaf. Where are the G.I.s? The exact people Pyle put at the center of everything he wrote. The people most Americans are most interested in. The ones who performed splendidly, picking off the thugs without putting a scratch in the precious Shi'ite mosques. Where are they? There's not one of them in these stories.   urlLink  Doug Patton imagines what Pyle would have written if he had been a modern TV war correspondent:     Dateline London – 6 June 1944  “This is Ernie Pyle, reporting for CNN from the front here at Omaha Beach. An unprecedented -– and some say unjustified –- invasion of France is under way at this hour. As you can see from the carnage behind me, American boys are dying on the beaches of Normandy –- perhaps your boy, Mr. and Mrs. America. This reporter can confirm that American troops are sustaining massive casualties, here and on Utah Beach, against heavily armed German fortifications. Of course, the question that will be asked is “why?” Why did it have to come to this? Why was it necessary to sacrifice so many young men –- the bright and shining future of America –- in an invasion that many said didn’t need to happen. Meanwhile, on the home front, Republican members of Congress are calling for an investigation into the intelligence failures that led to the Navy’s inability to prepare for the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor. This is Ernie Pyle, reporting from the front, for CNN.”    "Not an untruth, but a way of bending reality into a sensible and bearable shape." That's a poignant and pregnant phrase. Everyday heroes are not all that we are -- Pyle could be aggressive and irritable. He had mood swings. He cheated on his wife. He drank too much. So what? It does not taint the work he did to know that about the man. We're human. We do the best we can. Sometimes, to paraphrase Hemingway, we do better than we can. Tragically or not, those times often happen in war. Ernie Pyle knew that.  He also knew that the reporter on the ground ought to tell the story in front of him, not ignore it and imagine what is going on in the opinion polls half a world away.
     
    


	 
      Ernie Pyle, however, likely would not have overlooked  urlLink  Marine Capt. Brian R. Chontosh  . What's amazing, to me, is that we all can name at least three of the Abu Ghraib prison abusers, because their pictures and names have been in the news for weeks now. But nobody knows Capt. Chontosh, because his name hasn't been in the New York Times or the Philadelphia Inquirer, or my newspaper. Here's his story:    While leading his platoon north on Highway 1 toward Ad Diwaniyah, Chontosh's platoon moved into a coordinated ambush of mortars, rocket propelled grenades and automatic weapons fire. With coalitions tanks blocking the road ahead, he realized his platoon was caught in a kill zone.   He had his driver move the vehicle through a breach along his flank, where he was immediately taken under fire from an entrenched machine gun. Without hesitation, Chontosh ordered the driver to advanced directly at the enemy position enabling his .50 caliber machine gunner to silence the enemy.  He then directed his driver into the enemy trench, where he exited his vehicle and began to clear the trench with an M16A2 service rifle and 9 millimeter pistol. His ammunition depleted, Chontosh, with complete disregard for his safety, twice picked up discarded enemy rifles and continued his ferocious attack.  When a Marine following him found an enemy rocket propelled grenade launcher, Chontosh used it to destroy yet another group of enemy soldiers.  When his audacious attack ended, he had cleared over 200 meters of the enemy trench, killing more than 20 enemy soldiers and wounding several others.    Ernie would have told it straight, not much more than that. But he would have found a twist here and a touch there and brought a tear to your eye even as he took your breath away. 
     
    


	 
      Gore rants to Moveon.Org. Dang. And to think I actually voted for Al Gore. It was him or Nader, and my then-GF talked me out of Nader. But that seems a long time ago in a galaxy far away.   urlLink  The Boston Herald   has the right response:   He never mentioned Nicholas Berg. Or Daniel Pearl. Or a single person killed in the World Trade Center. Nor did former Vice President Al Gore talk of any soldier by name who has given his life in Iraq. And he has the audacity to condemn the Bush administration for having "twisted values?"         Gore spent the bulk of a speech before the liberal group MoveOn.org Wednesday bemoaning Abu Ghraib and denouncing President Bush's departure from the "long successful strategy of containment."         Yes, the very same strategy that, under Gore's leadership, allowed al-Qaeda operatives to plan the horror of Sept. 11 for years, while moving freely within our borders.         Gore even had the audacity to defend the perpetrators of the prison abuse -- by name -- while denouncing President Bush for "humiliating" our nation.         How dare he. How dare a former vice president of the United States go beyond disagreeing with the current president's policies -- a right of anyone in this free country -- and denounce Bush as "incompetent."         How dare Gore say that Americans have an "innate vulnerability to temptation... to use power to abuse others." And that our own "internal system of checks and balances cannot be relied upon" to curb such abuse.         And this man -- who apparently has so much disdain for the nature of the American people -- wanted to be elected to lead it?         It is Gore who has brought dishonor to his party and to his party's nominee. The real disgrace is that this repugnant human being once held the second highest office in this great land.   And the real scary thing is that he was about 550 votes away from holding the highest. He's still in that galaxy far away. He's on the side that doesn't believe we're at war. This is how that side thinks and how it lashes out after watching the rest of us wage a war they refuse to admit exists. 
     
    


	 
      John Kerry gave his long-promised "major foreign policy address" tonight in Seattle. And he did finally say one thing I have been waiting to hear from him. Addressing the terrorists, he said:  "Let there be not doubt -- this country is united in its determination to destroy you. As commander in chief, I will bring the full force of our nation's power to bear on finding and crushing your networks."  And he said, "As president, my number one security goal will be to prevent the terrorists from gaining weapons of mass murder. Because al Qaeda is a network with many branches, we must take the fight to the enemy on every continent and enlist other countries in that cause."  And a hearty cheer for all that.  But I am still waiting for the next part. What's he going to do that will improve on what Bush has done? Fighting terrorists and blocking their access to WMD? That's what we've been doing since 9-11. Much of the rest of what he described -- modernizing the military, better use of intelligence -- that's on the Bush agenda, too. Hell, it would be on any sane candidate's agenda.  He talked much of bringing back multilateralism. "There is still a powerful yearning around the world for an America that listens and leads again -- an America that is respected, and not just feared." Of Bush's administration: "They looked to force before exhausting diplomacy. They bullied when they should have persuaded. They have gone it alone when they should have assembled a team."   There's something disconcerting about that. Does he realize there are, in fact, allies working with us in Iraq? Important ones, too -- Britain, Australia, Poland, Denmark, the Netherlands, Bulgaria, Italy. Does he realize that leaders in these nations, as well as much of their populations and all of their military services, took a risk to stand beside the United States? How would it increase our "respectability" in the world today to pitch them overboard now in a rush to embrace France, Germany, and Belgium? Especially when those nations likely would be no improvement, militarily, over what we now have.   "The stakes in Iraq couldn't be higher," Kerry said. "If President Bush doesn't change course and doesn't secure new support from our allies, we will, once again feel the consequences of a foreign policy that has divided the world instead of uniting it."  "Once again?" We'll once again feel what? The awful tragedy of our crushing military defeat in Iraq because we didn't have the French by our side? Or does he mean the humiliation of being ridiculed in the pages of Der Spiegel? Oh, that's been going on for 30 years.  Two things that pleased me in his laundry list: freeing America from its "dangerous dependence" on Middle East oil and standing up to Saudi Arabia. But details on those were wanting.
     
    


	 
      It's more complicated than you think, and it does not necessarily involve Abu Ghraib.  urlLink  LOSING THE COMMON MAN, by Amir Taheri   is an excellent critique (published in the New York Post) of some of the little -- and not so little -- things the Coalition has done to alienate Iraqis.  Many of these are relatively easy to fix (compared to systematic problems such as Abu Ghraib). Why not get on this list and win back some hearts and minds?
     
    


	 
      Wow. The AP actually ran some (mostly) positive news from Iraq last night, and my newspaper actually ran it this morning.    Officials: Rebuilding of Iraq Progresses   Tue May 25, 4:42 PM ET 		  By ANWAR FARUQI, Associated Press Writer   DOHA, Qatar - Oil production and electricity supplies are up in Iraq there are more telephone lines and schools have been renovated, but Iraqi reconstruction is still hobbled by a lack of security, officials said Tuesday at a conference of international donors.    While the usual litany of problems is cited, which is fair, the article does not stint in reporting the good news.   [Iraqi Planning Minister Mehdi] Hafedh said that despite problems with security, there were a number of achievements. Power generation has surpassed levels before last year's U.S.-led invasion, as have oil exports, now averaging 1.5 million barrels a day, he said. According to the U.S.-led coalition in Iraq, the average peak electricity production in the first seven days of May was 3,376 megawatts.  ... Hafedh said 2,500 schools have been renovated, telephone lines had increased 20 percent, and some 1,500 hospitals and clinics were operational. He said that Iraqi students would get $40 million worth of new textbooks in the coming academic year after the first grant agreement was signed two weeks ago with the World Bank to release donor funds.  Ross Mountain, the resident U.N. coordinator on Iraq, appealed to donors to look beyond headlines about violence to see what has been achieved. "Amid the daily media diet of bombs and slaughter, we here need to recognize that there are significant positive developments being accomplished by Iraqis, including with their international partners," Mountain said. Col. Robert S. Ferrell, of the U.S.-led coalition's program management office, said 73 development projects are under way, and many more would start in June. He said $2.3 billion worth of construction was taking place in the electricity and oil sectors. 	 	   And so forth. So am I ready to eat my words about biased media? Not quite. For one, yes, we ran the story, but we buried it deep, on page A4, below the fold. And for some mind-boggling reason, we illustrated this story with this photo:       which carries the caption:  U.S. Army soldiers rush to evacuate an injured comrade in the center of Baghdad, Iraq after thunderous explosions at the capital, Tuesday.   Really, could this be more clear? Why not run a story saying "meat protein is good for you" and illustrate it with a picture of a man choking to death on a hot dog.  Still, I suppose even that would be more fairandbalanced than the work of  l'Agence France-Presse.  Here's the lede to their version of the same story:   DOHA (AFP) - Iraq issued a cry for urgent help from donor countries as aid only trickles through and violence rages ahead of the US-led coalition's June 30 deadline for the handover of power.    Good Lord, are they really talking about the same meeting? You have to wade through 11 paragraphs of horror stories (none of them fresh) and bland background to get to the good news.   But the minister also listed achievements such as opening 2,400 schools, 240 hospitals, 1,200 clinics and one million telephone lines -- 20 percent more than under the ousted Baathist regime.  UN special representative for Iraq Ross Mountain noted progress in the field -- several hundred schools rehabilitated, five million children vaccinated against measles in March and April, 11,000 Iraqi refugees helped to return home from Iran and Saudi Arabia, nine million litres of water tankered to Baghdad, Basra and Fallujah daily at peak, 40,000 people employed mainly in water and sanitation schemes.   And then it's back to the gloom and doom.
     
    


	 
      The Marji'iyah (senior Shia clerics) of the Najaf Hawza issued a joint resolution over the weekend in response to Hassan Nasrallah, the General Secretary of Lebanese Hezbollah, who lashed out against the coalition in his Friday sermon over the situation in Karbala and Najaf. The statement was signed by the collective "Ulemma of the Hawza Al-Ilmiyyah of Najaf and Karbala" and excerpts from it were published in  urlLink  Azzaman  . An English translation was posted courtesy of  urlLink  Zeyad   at Healing Iraq.  Although it addresses Nasrallah's statements, it also stands as a clear statement of where the Shia leaders lay the blame for the current crisis, down to the details of who put the holes in the dome of the Imam Ali shrine in Najaf. In terms of the hearts-and-minds struggle, this is serious good news for the coalition. But I saw nary a word about it on any of the U.S. wire services.   1. It is the movement of Sayyid Muqtada Al-Sadr that is losing legitimacy in the strictest sense, and not the one led by Grand Ayatollah Sayyed Ali Al-Sistani, the overall, most learned and assidious Marji' of Iraq and not the rest of the Marji's, not even Grand Ayatollah Sayyid Kadhum Al-Ha'eri, nor other people of fortitude and experience in the field of politics who are seared by the fire of the Iraqi crisis and its complications wrought by Muslim brethren from well-known Islamic political movements and organizations, nor others besides them, people of judgement, experience and education, engaged in political affairs.   2. It is the movement of Sayyid Muqtada that has encouraged the occupiers to cross the red lines. And as aside from that, the American occupiers while storming into Iraq and marching towards Baghdad through Najaf and Karbala did not commit the stupidities and insolence with regard to the sanctities in the two holy cities they have committed now.   3. And it is clear that the organization of Sayyid Muqtada - and whoever follows the Sadrist movement - were the first to violate the sanctity of the yard of Haydari Shareef (Imam Ali's shrine in Najaf) when they fired shots inside it at Sayyid Abdul Majeed Al-Kho'ei and killed Sayyid Yasiri within it and wounded Sayyid Majeed and killed Sayyid Hayder Al-Kelidar afterwards. And they are the very same who ignited the fuse of the bloody fight, whose victims among gathered believers were sacrificed over control of the shrine of Imam Hussein (peace be upon him), and it is possible for our lord [Nasrallah] to verify the former by asking his Excellence the Marji' Ayatollah Sheikh Ishaq Al-Fayyadh and from the sons of his Excellence the Marji' Ayatollah Sayyid Muhammad Sa'eed Al-Hakim and the latter with the help of his Excellence Sheikh 'Abdul Mahdi Al-Karbala'i, the representative of the Marji'iyah in Karbala and from his Excellence Sayyid Muhammad Ridha Al-Sistani [the son of Grand Ayatollah Sistani] in person.   4. The organization of Sayyid Muqtada is now carrying out intimidation of the general public and arrests of citizens, not only those whom they call collaborators with the occupation, the police, owners of stores selling foodstuffs to occupiers and others, but also students of religious sciences opposed to them and some of the members of the Badr organization [SCIRI], in addition to raiding offices of the Da'wa party in Kufa, and you can verify the former by asking his Excellence Sheikh Muhammad Mahdi Al-Asifi, his Excellence Sheikh Muhammad Hadi Al Radhi, and his Excellence Sheikh Muhammad Al-Yaqubi, and the latter by asking his Excellence Sayyid Omar Al-Hakim and Dr. Ibrahim Al-Ja'fari [GC member].   5. The firing of shots at the great dome of the shrine of Imam Ali (peace be upon him) [in Najaf], according to some specialists was most likely from the weapons of Sayyid Muqtada's followers and not from the weapons of others, inasmuch as the time of shooting was the day fighting flared up in the Valley of Peace cemetery, and there wasn't any fighting from the side of Alnabi street, whereas you claimed in your important sermon that the direction of the shooting was from the side of the Qibla gate [to the shrine], which is the side of Alnabi street.   6. The strike on the home and office of his Excellence Grand Ayatollah Ali Al-Sistani happened within the security perimeter whose every span was controlled by the organization of Sayyid Muqtada, and the office of Marji' Ali [Sistani] was in the immediate proximity to the center of the security perimeter of Sayyid Muqtada's organization [office], well guarded, and especially so in the vicinity of both of their offices, and so how can it be conceived - and you being an expert in these matters - that this stringent security perimeter was breached by an unknown organization, which carried out a protracted strike on the home of the Sayyid Marji' [Sistani] and then retreated without the cognizance of the organization of Sayyid Muqtada.    
     
    


	 
       urlLink  Mark Steyn   is on the bandwagon for 'rolling elections' in Iraq; let those places where stability reigns begin the process of running the nation.   There are some 8,000 towns and villages in the country. How many do you hear about on the news? For a week, it's all Fallujah all the time. Then it's Najaf, and nada for anywhere else. Currently, 90 percent of Iraqi coverage is about one lousy building: Abu Ghraib. So what's going on in the other 7,997 dots on the map? In the Shia province of Dhi Qar, a couple hundred miles southeast of Baghdad, 16 of the biggest 20 cities plus many smaller towns will have elected councils by June. These were the first free elections in Dhi Qar's history and "in almost every case, secular independents and representatives of nonreligious parties did better than the Islamists." That assessment is from the anti-war anti-Bush anti-Blair Euro-lefties at the Guardian, by the way.  That policy of ad hoc, incremental, rolling devolution needs to be accelerated. Towns and provinces should have as much sovereignty as they can handle, on the obvious principle that the constituent parts of ramshackle federations rarely progress at the same pace. In the former Yugoslavia, Slovenia is now an advanced Western economy, Kosovo is a U.N. slum housing project. If one were to cast the situation in rough British terms, the Kurdish areas are broadly analogous to Scotland, Dhi Qar and other Shia provinces are Wales, and the Sunni Triangle is Northern Ireland.  Even in the Sunni Triangle, remove Fallujah and the remaining 95 percent is relatively calm. And, while Fallujah hasn't been removed, it has been more or less quarantined. There have been fewer lethal attacks in Baghdad in recent weeks in part because many of the perpetrators were Fallujah residents who used to drive up to the capital for a little light RPG work in the evening. Now they're pinned down in their hometown.   We need more of that. The best bulwark against tyranny is a population that knows the benefits of freedom, as the Iraqi Kurds do. Don't make the mistake of turning Iraq into a dysfunctional American public school, where the smart guys get held down to the low standards of the misfits and in the end they all get the same social promotion anyway. Let's get on with giving the Kurdish and Shia areas elected governors and practical sovereignty, province by province.   Important to note that even many anti-Bush pundits, who haven't completely lost their head and can't think about anything except American defeat, are in favor of this idea. I was hoping Bush would say something about it in Carlisle last night, but if he did, I missed it.  
     
    


	 
       urlLink  Jason van Steenwyk   has a damning round-up of the way the big media played Gen. Mattis' quote about not having to apologize for the conduct of his troops in Iraq. I already provided a link to the  urlLink  press conference where the quote originated,   but here's the relevant section of it:   Unnamed Reporter: What happened yesterday at 3 a.m. in Al Qaim? Was there a wedding on? A wedding celebration?  Gen. Mattis: You joined us a little late, as I said to the young lady here, I said how many people how many people go to the desert 10 miles from the Syrian border and hold a wedding 80 miles from the nearest civilization? Over two-dozen military-aged males ... let's not be naïve. Let's leave it at that.   (Question unintelligible)   Gen. Mattis: I can't ... I've seen the pictures, but I can't ... bad things happened. Generally ... in Fallujah, I never saw a Marine hide behind a woman or a child or hold them in their house and fire out of the building. I don't have to apologize for the conduct of my Marines.    Garbles aside, it's clear that a reporter asked a question about the wedding tragedy in Al Qaim, to which Mattis answered, in part, "let's not be naïve." Mattis then took another question, probably about the footage from that attack, which he responded to by making several attempts to frame an answer, including uttering the partial sentence "bad things happenED" [emphasis added].  He then tried to give context (or else change the subject somewhat) by making reference to the fighting in Fallujah, and he described the way the U.S. Marines fought THERE, and what they didn't do THERE (presumably by comparison to what their attackers did, and suggesting, perhaps, that this is what happened in Al Qaim). And in reference to THAT -- to Marine behavior in Fallujah -- he said, "I don't have to apologize for the conduct of my Marines."  It is possible that Mattis meant that he didn't have to apologize for Al Qaim. But that is not at all clear from the context. He had changed the topic and was talking about Fallujah, not Al Qaim, right before he said that. If reporters were going to peg their stories on that quote, they should have followed up and asked the general exactly what he meant. But they did something entirely different and devious.  Here's how this quote turns out in a sampling of major media:  In "The Independent":    "These were more than two dozen military-age males. Let's not be naive," Major General James Mattis, commander of the US 1st Marine Division, said. But he had no explanation of where the dead women and children in the video came from. "I have not seen the pictures but bad things happen in wars," he said cryptically. "I don't have to apologise for the conduct of my men."    In the "New York Times":    At a news conference in Falluja, west of Baghdad, he [Mattis] said that two dozen men of military age were among those killed.  "Let's not be naive," he said. "Bad things happen in wars."  "I don't have to apologize for the conduct of my men," he added.    In the "Guardian":    Major General James Mattis, commander of the 1st Marine Division, was scathing of those who suggested a wedding party had been hit. "How many people go to the middle of the desert ... to hold a wedding 80 miles (130km) from the nearest civilization? These were more than two dozen military-age males. Let's not be naive."   When reporters asked him about footage on Arabic television of a child's body being lowered into a grave, he replied: "I have not seen the pictures but bad things happen in wars. I don't have to apologize for the conduct of my men."     In Reuters:    "How many people go to the middle of the desert 10 miles from the Syrian border to hold a wedding 80 miles from the nearest civilization?" Mattis said in Falluja.  "These were more than two dozen military-age males. Let's not be naive ... Bad things happen in wars.   "I don't have to apologize for the conduct of my men."    In the Toronto "Globe and Mail":    "Bad things happen in wars," said Major-General James Mattis, the U.S. Marine commander in charge of occupation forces in western Iraq.  "These were more than two dozen military-age males. I don't have to apologize for the conduct of my men."    It's unclear how many of these papers were even at the news conference. They seem in some cases to be quoting one another. What is clear is that the money line about "not apologizing" is explicitly connected to the Al Qaim footage, without any indication that Mattis had changed the subject and was talking about Fallujah. In some cases bits of what he said in answer to two different questions are jammed together as if they were a single statement, without even the necessary elipsis (...) to indicate omitted material.  When you read a sentence or passage in a newspaper, with a quotation mark at one end and a quotation mark at the other, you should be safe in assuming that the person to whom the quote is attributed said all that, at one time, and nothing more or less, with no one else introducing new questions or comments in the process.  If you assumed that about the Reuters, "Guardian," or "Globe and Mail" articles quoted above, you'd be wrong. And it wouldn't be your fault. They deceived you. They broke a cardinal rule of journalism.  The "Independent" weaseled through the quote by the tactic of placing the attributions at the key places where they skipped material. Having a "he said" breaks up a quote. So technically, they haven't broken the rules. But if you go right back into the source's quote, as they do, without a paragraph break, without indicating that the topic has changed, then you've, at best, severely warped the rules in the direction of deceiving the reader.  The "New York Times" accomplishes the same thing by breaking up the key quotes into two short paragraphs, each ending with a close-quote. Now, the NYT is no friend of brief paragraphs; theirs often run a yard and a half without taking a breath. Their sudden use of the device here is more than suspicious. It allows them to be technically accurate, and still highly misleading.  [Reuters seems to have aimed for the same effect, since the "apology" line is a new paragraph, but the absence of a close-quote at the end of the graph above it makes it read as a continuation of that sentence. Whether they tried to stay on the right side of the "legitimacy" line or not, Reuters failed.]  Not changing a quote is the prime directive of news writing. I wouldn't let a junior high school newspaper get away with what the "Guardian" did, if I were its advisor. My old editors would have told me any reporter who twists a quote like that has no business in this business. But evidently it's OK -- in the right circumstances -- for the big media.  The difference between this war and World War II is, Bush is no Roosevelt, and the media is determined to present the war in the worst possible light for the American side. I can just imagine what the "Battle of the Bulge" would have looked like if covered by the modern "New York Times" and the "Guardian" and Reuters.      (so can Allahpundit)   Meanwhile, the president made a major speech, and the networks didn't cover it. I can recall them tuning out a president like that before, I think they did it to Clinton at least once, but this smelled like a deliberate snub. Yet the more I read about it, the more it seems like something more subtle. As I understand it, the White House didn't request airtime. The networks could have covered the Carlisle speech anyway, of course. But this seems actually to jibe with the Bush strategy of marginalizing the big media. Other people have proposed this as the administration's strategy. If so, it's working. After 9-11, I tuned in to the major world media every day to learn what was happening and why. By now, I can't read an AP or Reuters story on Iraq without shaking my head in disbelief at the sheer ignorance and bias of the writing. I get my information online. I haven't watched TV in years.     
     
    


	 
      Sometimes I waver in my commitment to the whole Iraq project. Sometimes it seems the Bush administration is just too incompetent to do the job and the American media is openly committed to defeat and failure, and that combination is too much to overcome, even for the best intentions. Sometimes I think my girlfriend is right, that I'm a hopeless idealist. Then I read the indispensible Mohammed at  urlLink  Iraq the Model   and remember who we're doing this for, and why we're doing it:   This reminds me of a friend of mine, whose house was the target for a grenade attack a few days ago (we thank God, no one was hurt) just because he works to build this country with the coalition. He said “Ok, I’m ready to leave this job, but those who attacked my house, what are they going to offer as an alternative? They just want to see everyone paralyzed with fear and hate.”  Love is another subject. It demands that you think a lot, fight against what you are told about "the others" and to give a lot for others. Building love takes more time and keeping the faith in it requires patience and sacrifices and a vision that exceeds the limits of today or tomorrow, and this is what the losers can’t afford. That’s why they chose the easier road of hollow criticism that lacks the spirit and creativity and this would be obvious if you looked closer at the nature of the efforts that counteract the changing process: they provide no alternatives at all, or sometimes, with great foolishness, try to compare the current situation with the previous one or to go back to it saying that things were better then.  Some say that the US must withdraw from Iraq right now for the best of Iraqis; I say, Ok, the US withdrew from Somalia long time ago and what was the result? What’s Somalia like now?  Humanity, in its nature, has an inclination to move forwards and  those people are acting against this nature and once again I tell you that their job is very easy and it won’t need much to be done while my job is a hard one that needs a lot but I’m not giving it up .  A prosperous and democratic Iraq will be a reality; it’s just a matter of time. Everyone should believe in this, more than this, we should start to feel it from this moment and the obstacles we’re facing right now will be a history that we would only discuss in the future to get some lessons from.   Finally, I have a question to the anti-change and to our friends in the biased media wherever they might be; if all your stories were true and if we were wrong about everything we did, what suggestions would you offer to make things better? what are your plans?  What?! What did you say? I'm listening.    What indeed? And before you proposed the United Nations at the savior of Iraq, consider what you'd be sending in:   urlLink  Teenage rape victims fleeing war in the Democratic Republic of Congo are being sexually exploited by the United Nations peace-keeping troops sent to the stop their suffering.   (Don't look for repeated images of that on the world news, of course. No Americans were involved.)  Or try this:  Michael A. Sells reports, in  "The Bridge Betrayed: Religion and Genocide in Bosnia,"  that "in the summer of 1992, U.N. peacekeepers under the command of Canadian General Lewis MacKenzie frequented the rape camp known as Sonja's Kon-Tiki, in the town of Vogosca near Sarajevo. Even after they learned that the women at the Kon-Tiki were Muslim captives held against their will, abused, and sometimes killed, U.N. peacekeepers continued to take advantage of the women there and to fraternize with their nationalist Serb captors." 
     
    


	 
       urlLink  Victor Davis Hanson   gives the Iraq war a report card. The results: Strategy, A; tactics, B-; message, D.   Have there been mistakes? Of course. Admit them and confess they were errors of omission, not commission—of misplaced leniency, not excessive brutality. The Iraqi army should have been weeded from within rather than destroyed outright. The first wave of looters whose crimes led to a rampage that stole six months of Iraq’s future and wrecked the country should have been shot. Abu Ghraib should have been exploded on liberation in front of world television as testament to its Baathist horror, an iconic act of our resolve to end the mass murder.  But all that is in the past. Our strategy is still inspired and our military is superb. But we need to let them win and then tell the world why. And if we don’t, we may very well lose.     urlLink  Andrew Sullivan   does the necessary work of fisking Susan Sontag's NYT/Guardian Abu Ghraib piece.   Sontag asserts that the core of the U.S. and coalition mission in Iraq is imperial conquest. This is demonstrably untrue. The motives of the French and Belgians in nineteenth and twentieth century imperialism were utterly different than the Bush administration's attempt to pre-empt Islamist terror in the wake of 9/11. The goal from the beginning of the Iraq war has been to set up a democratic and stable Iraq and to move toward U.S. withdrawal. No imperialist would be insisting upon a June 30 deadline for the transfer of sovereignty, as President Bush did last night. The conflation of these two distinct endeavors is absurd: mere rhetoric, not argument. Was American intervention in Bosnia, of which Sontag approved, "imperialist"? It saved Muslims from a totalitarian, genocidal monster as well. And we still have troops there. If Sontag wants to make a distinction between the two wars, it would be interesting to read. But none is there. She is venting, not arguing.     urlLink  Charles Krauthammer   agrees that we need more expensive gas, not cheaper gas.   The idea is for the government -- through a tax -- to establish a new floor for gasoline, say $3 a gallon. If the world price were to rise above $3, the tax would be zero. What we need is anything that will act as a brake on consumption. Since America consumes 45 percent of the world's gasoline, a significant reduction here would bring down the world price.   But the key is to then keep the tax. Indeed, let it increase to capture all of a price reduction. Consumers still pay $3, but the Saudis keep getting lower and lower world prices. The U.S. economy keeps the rest in the form of taxes -- which should immediately be cycled back to consumers by a corresponding cut in, say, payroll or income taxes.   Keep gasoline prices high and American consumers will once again start demanding and buying lighter and more fuel-efficient cars -- exactly as they did in the late '70s and early '80s. Prices will continue to drop, and the U.S. economy will capture the difference.   It's a perfectly virtuous circle. It requires only a modicum of political courage. Which is why it does not stand a chance of happening.   
     
    


	 
       urlLink  Dissident Frogman   quotes a French legislator in the EU as advocating nuclear armament of Arab nations. And claiming that the present instability of the Mideast is a result of the thwarting of France's efforts in the '70s to do just that.   There is, however, another serious imbalance for which we are in part responsible, namely the imbalance of forces. I have no hesitation in saying that we must consider giving the Arab side a large enough force, including a large enough nuclear force, to persuade Israel that it cannot simply do whatever it wants. That is the policy my country [i.e., France] pursued in the 1970s when it gave Iraq a nuclear force. We have now destroyed it. So we will carry on with our policy of imbalance and what is happening today is merely the annoying but inevitable result of our collective blindness and cowardice.  
     
    


	 
      Someone who watched it on TV said it was like watching a bad wreck happen. You knew what was coming, you wanted to do something to stop it, but you just sat helpless as it happened right in front of you. And when the smoke cleared Monday in Cannes, Michael Moore held a  Palme D'Or  in his mitt.   Anti-war people love Michael Moore because he is make the blood boil in their enemies' veins. He does, I admit it. Moore is a "professional defiler" (this from a California film professor who is praising Moore in an AP article). He is a talented film-editor, maybe the best around, but that's a devious business, and the films he makes are a combination of Michael Moore paean and political commercials.  They do not deserve to be called "documentaries" if they twist facts. I don't mean they must include all facts or all points of views. They can talk about "X" and ignore "Y." But if they call an "X" a "G," that's lying. And he's done that in every film.  If the French wish to debase their cultural history to the point where they award their highest honor for artistic achievement in film to a bit of cleverly edited political propaganda, that's their business. Truly, though, it's a sign of the death knell of an art when the political content outweighs any other consideration.  My favorite quote about Moore, by the way, is off the "comments" section of one of the Web sites I read, paraphrasing Henry II: "Is there no chicken sandwich to rid me of this Mamma Cass?"  Do I want to see smirking Moore on the cover of "Time" and "Newsweek," proclaimed "America's kingmaker"? Do I want to endure four years of the French film industry knowing it can pick the next president of the United States?  Seriously, do I want the terrorists to believe, as they certainly will, that footage of dead civilians and dead Americans can accomplish their purpose, as it did in Spain; can defeat the greatest national power in the world at the cost of a handful of "martyrs"?  My politics this year summed up by "Anyone but Bush, any time but now." In other words, if you're John Kerry, you have to convince me to come over. Given the way the polls stand now, you'd think a vote like mine (and there are many of us) would be important to the Democrats. Someone who supports the birth of democracy in Iraq, without being at all convinced that the current administration is willing and able to accomplish it.  Given the threat of Nader to draw off the pure "bring them home now" anti-war vote, you'd think the Democrats would be even more interested in having my support.  And frankly, people like Moore just stand in the way. I feel my bile rise every time I see the bloated image of the man who  urlLink  boasts of the success of the Iraqi "Minutemen" and calls for them to slaughter more Americans "until enough blood has been let that maybe -- just maybe -- God and the Iraqi people will forgive us in the end."   It may please the anti-Bush people to know I despise him, but do they realize how much more difficult that makes it for me to think about pulling the Kerry lever?  Disassociating himself from Moore's sleazebag filmmaking -- and from the French intellectual class at the same time -- would be a lovely move for Kerry right now. But I've just about given up on hoping for things like that from him.  Meanwhile, for all their infatuation with Moore's work, some European intellectuals have begun to realize that the man himself is not the antidote to what they hate about America; he's the embodiment of it: a powerful, wealthy, selfish, vainglorious lout.    urlLink   What I think, after my short time in his company, is that Moore is a man you would not want as an opponent, but also one you'd think twice about calling a friend. Though a talented film-maker and a clever showman, a populist who knows how to play the maverick, he is too often both big-headed and small-minded. In his desire to be seen as the decent man telling truth to power, he is too ready to blame those less powerful than himself for his shortcomings. He was justly revered in the Palais, but out on the street no one had a kind word to say about him. At Cannes, Moore may have been the star but he was not, it seems, the man of the people.      This assessment, from "The Spectator," is not about Moore per se but about European anti-Americanism in general. But, of course, he is the star of that show; the poor man's Chomsky.    urlLink  I considered, not for the first time, the real character of this indiscriminate America bashing. It's like what Michael Moore dishes up -- comfort food for people who want to feel good about feeling bad toward America. Droves of Europeans seem to be craving this junk. A writer for the German weekly Der Spiegel told me during the Iraq debate not to take offense at the crude anti-American covers of the magazine such as the ugly, bearded, drooling Rambo figure it used to show the typical GI in Iraq. "We're just trying to please our million readers," he explained.     UPDATE:  urlLink  Here's another who calls Moore a slandering liar, and has cause to know of what he speaks.   
     
    


	 
      The Mahdi Army, Moqtadr al-Sadr's thug gang, has essentially withdrawn from Karbala under fire, in part from Iraqi soldiers trained by the U.S. Special Forces. The Shi'ite holy city is back in coalition hands, its sacred sites intact, its population eager to get back to business.  But the  urlLink  opinion-makers   in the  urlLink  official Saudi media   continually number Karbala among the many "war crimes" they impute to the Americans in Iraq.  This might be the time to remind them of their own history. The Wahhabi-Saudi state, as one of its first acts, marched up to Shi'i territory and sacked Karbala and massacred its population. Wahhabis had the unusual tendency to refer only to themselves as "Muslims." That put all other Muslims outside the protective circle of  dar-al-islam  and made them legitimate targets for jihad, robbery, and enslavement. Shi'ites were special targets of the Wahhabist purification; their veneration of holy sites like the tomb of Husayn in Karbala earned them a virulent attack, unprovoked.  The raid on Karbala came in 1802 (year 1217 of the Islamic calendar), even before the Wahhabi-Saudis had conquered Mecca and Medina. This account is from the Saudi chronicler 'Uthman bin 'Abdullah bin Bishr:   In the year 1216, Sa'ud [son of Saudi ruler 'Abd al-'Aziz] set out with his divinely supported army and cavalry that he had recruited from both the citydwellers and nomads of Najd, from the south, from the Hijaz, Tihama and elsewhere. He made for Karbala and began hostilities against the people of the city of al-Husayn. This was in the month of Dhu'l-Qa'da. The Muslims [i.e., the Wahhabis] scaled the walls, entered the city by force, and killed the majority of its people in the markets and in their homes. Then they destroyed the dome placed over the grave of al-Husayn by those who believe in such things. They took whatever they found inside the dome and its surroundings. They took the grille surrounding the tomb which was encrusted with emeralds, rubies, and other jewels. They took everything they found in the town: different types of property, weapons, clothing, carpets, gold, silver, precious copies of the Qu'ran, as well as much else -- more than can be enumerated. They stayed in Karbala for no more than a morning, leaving around midday with all the property they had gathered and having killed about two thousand people. Then Sa'ud departed by way of al-Ma' al-Abyad. He had the booty assembled in front of him. He deducted one fifth for himself and then distributed the rest among the Muslims [i.e., the Wahhabis], giving a single share to each footsoldier and a double share to each horseman. Then he returned home." [ 'Unwad al-Majd,"  pp. 121-122, quoted in  "Wahhabism,"  by Hamid Algar, Islamic Publications International, 2002]   They presumably consigned to the fire all the precious book other than the Qu'ran, as they did later than year when they overran the town of Ta'if.
     
    


	 
      Coalition military leaders and Iraqis describe the situation in Fallujah; how the cooperation came about and how it's holding up. This is a fascinating story, still playing out, that is pregnant with potential for the future of the whole Iraq liberation effort. Yes, of course, you won't read about this in your hometown newspaper, at least not if your town is the same as mine. Not to blame the wire desk here: AP and NYT aren't anywhere near this story.    Gen Mattis:  I wouldn't be happy to do that. The only way you build trust out here is for us to work together. We've seen it in Husaybah, where we had a dickens of a fight and literally a couple days later, things had changed... (tape garbled) RPGs. We're finding out people with IED making material. They way you break down distrust is by getting together and even if someone doesn't like the big issues, they don't like American foreign policy, we don't like certain things, when you work together, you sweat together, you try to focus on things where we have common cause, like sometimes the Iraqi police department, they don't have to like us.     urlLink  Please take time to read the whole transcript.   
     
    


	 
      According to  urlLink  "Editor & Publisher,"   the official publication of the U.S. news media, the proportion of self-defined "liberals" in newsrooms is increasing much faster tyhan that of self-defined "conservatives," and the ratio is well out of proportion to the nation as a whole:   NEW YORK Those convinced that liberals make up a disproportionate share of newsroom workers have long relied on Pew Research Center surveys to confirm this view, and they will not be disappointed by the results of Pew's latest study released today.  While most of the journalists, like many Americans, describe themselves as "moderate," a far higher number are "liberal" than in the general population.  At national organizations (which includes print, TV and radio), the numbers break down like this: 34% liberal, 7% conservative. At local outlets: 23% liberal, 12% conservative. At Web sites: 27% call themselves liberals, 13% conservatives.   This contrasts with the self-assessment of the general public: 20% liberal, 33% conservative.   And as for the shift over time, since 1995, Pew found at national outlets that the liberal segment has climbed from 22% to 34% while conservatives have only inched up from 5% to 7%.  It's important to remember that this is a self-assessment. And, from my experience, the majority of journalists who describe themselves as "moderates" actually break toward the left on most issues. If you consider the schism between newsrooms and the rest of the U.S., it's not surprising that a "moderate" in the subculture will be a "liberal" in the larger culture.
     
    


	 
      My son, Luke, took some pictures today with Amy's new digital camera.  urlLink  Check 'em out.         
     
    


	 
       urlLink  This article   is an interview with a fighter in an indigenous Sunni Islamist group, apparently based in Baaqouba, Iraq, which claims responsibility for attacks on Coalition targets.   In answer to one question, he sums up what the U.N. has to look forward to when it returns to Iraq:    IWPR:  What is your position regarding the explosion at the United Nations? [August 19, 2003 attack on UN, claimed by a group calling itself the “Armed Vanguards of the Second Army of Mohammed”]   Jaysh Muhammed:  There is no real United Nations. It is an organisation completely controlled by the United States and its resolutions always serve US interests.   This after he's already approved the kidnapping of foreigners.   
     
    


	 
      Newsroom editor's remark tonight (condensed, but essentially accurate): "My hairdresser turned me off today. She said if she were president she would just kill all the Muslims. That explains why people support Bush."  OK, let's follow this. If I want to see Arabs dead, I support the administration and its war in Iraq.   According to Iraq Body Count, the number of civilian casualties in the year since the U.S. attacked Saddam's regime has been between 8,730 and 10,781. Civilian casualties are elusive numbers in the atmosphere over there, and perhaps IBC errs on the anti-war side, but at least they're counting (unlike our government), so let their numbers stand for now.  Because the Human Rights Center in Kadhimiya, Iraq, which is run by Iraqis (not Coalition leaders), combed through the Baathist secret archives and projected that, if the invasion had not happened, Saddam would have killed  70,000 people  in that same period.  So, if I want to see a lot of dead Arabs, I'm not getting my money's worth from GWB and friends. They're only one-seventh as effective, at best, as the previous management.  Ah,  sic transit gloria.  But, nostalgia notwithstanding, it's too late to bring back Saddam, dust off his uniform, and prop him back up. Now we have a choice between Bush and Kerry. And I can't quite figure out what the latter wants to do in Iraq. Sometimes he talks about sending even more U.S. troops over there. But our essential work of killing all the Arabs (as my co-worker sees it) is going so slowly that I hardly think more troops will be an improvement. More of the same? No, please.  However, he also talks sometimes about turning the country over to the United Nations. Now there's a dog that will hunt, you bet!  The U.N. undertook to run Somalia in 1993. Thanks to its best efforts at nation-building, Somalia isn't even a country anymore. They're still waiting for a government. Hah! And we Americans are getting all knotted up about June 30. Give the job to the U.N.: they measure their deadlines in decades.  The U.N. went on a peacekeeping jaunt to Cambodia in 1993, and actually managed to hold an election. The organization touts this as "a model and shining example" of what it can do -- despite the fact that Hun Sen promptly siezed power after losing at the ballot box.  And look what fine work the U.N. does while watching nations melt back into a state of nature. According to the U.N. itself, its peacekeepers in Rwanda stood by as Hutu slaughtered  800,000  Tutsi. In Bosnia in the mid-'90s, the U.N. declared safe areas for Muslims and let them become killing fields. Serbs slaughtered thousands in Srebrenica and thousands more elsewhere. The mass graves still are being excavated. The U.N. troops, so far from helping, became hostages to the Serbs to deter a U.S.-led military action.  No, the facts are inescapable. George Bush is just no damn good at killing Ay-rabs on a grand scale. For that kind of job, better call the blue helmets.  Most of us know which candidate in the U.S. is most eager to give them the chance. I expect even my co-worker's hairdresser could see the logic in that, if I explained it to her. I doubt my editor co-worker could, though.    
     
    


	 
       urlLink  Blaster's Blog   has been my indispensible source for sorting out the sarin shell episode. Reading it is like sitting around the bar with a bunch of military ordnance men who know what they're talking about, and can peel back the confusion in the media to get at the pith of the story. By comparison, the AP coverage reads like it was written by a blind hippie.  But it's also a sprawling discussion, and for those who don't want to absorb the whole, thing,  urlLink  Smash   has thoughtfully provided a boiled-down version of what it means. Among his conclusions:    Sometime between 1988-95, Saddam developed and manufactured sophisticated, “mix-in-flight” binary chemical weapons.    He failed to declare these weapons, as required, to UN weapons inspectors.   Iraq did not destroy all of its chemical weapons.   A stockpile of artillery shells, including at least some that contain chemical warheads, has been found by “insurgents” in Iraq.    He also parses an alternate theory by Scott Ritter. Check it out. This story is much bigger than what you've likely been reading or seeing. It just doesn't have pictures of smirking dumbass prison guards pointing at the genitals of naked men.
     
    


	 
      1.   So far we know as much about the Oil-for-Food mess as we do the Abu Ghraib prisoner scandal. Other than the sensational pictorial evidence from the prisons, the only difference in the respective ongoing audits is that the U.S. military is fully investigating its own while the U.N. is stonewalling. But if dozens of Iraqis may have been humiliated and perhaps even tortured by renegade American soldiers, tens of thousands of women and children faced starvation while corrupt U.N. officials at the highest levels knew about billions of needed dollars in illegal kickbacks skimmed off hand-in-glove with a mass murderer.    urlLink  Victor Davis Hanson, "Season of Apologies"    2.   3. Begin your first paragraph with a grandiose sentence and end with a terse, startlingly unexpected contradiction:  a. The future of civilization depends upon open communication between Yasir Arafat and Ariel Sharon. If the two don’t speak to each other, the world edges closer to the precipice of total war. If, on the other hand, they manage to engage in open conversation and resolve their differences, Israelis could soon be celebrating Seders in Saudi Arabia. But for now, the two men can’t speak. Why? You can’t make a collect call from Bethlehem.    urlLink  Write your own Thomas Friedman column!    3.   Consider this: to fly a jet plane into a building, blow yourself up along with a bus full of people, or personally slice the head from a living human being requires more than misguided ideology, misreading of religious canon, or a lack of job opportunities. These acts are catalyzed by prolonged immersion in cults of hatred and demonization - cults with many sources, and many manifestations. We’ll be examining the ingredients and expressions of these cults of hatred in our monthly briefing.    urlLink  "Hatewatch," a new feature at "Winds of Change    4.   Gentlemen, I believe we have it down. We will stuff the rooms with banal games that provide less than 30 seconds of entertainment for a token, meaning that the kids will leap from one machine to the other like nits on a hotplate. We have chosen as our mascot a particularly odious form of rodent based directly on Mortimer, the annoying mouse who not only courted Minnie, but showed Minnie to be somewhat of a roundheels: she’s impressed by the guy. We will have a scary anamatronic Chuck E. at each locale. And I do not mean the rapper. We will have Tvs playing the Chuck E. Cheese show, in which a wide variety of post-childhood generational archetypes are ridiculed, interspersed with skits featuring obvious Muppet knockoffs. Are we missing anything that would make it all an experience parents are loathe to repeat?  (coughs, murmurs)  "Uh – sir? Johnson here."  Yes, Jackson. What?  "Uh – we make the pizza an inedible simulacrum of the worst pizza ever served to sentient beings?  Exactly! Bravo, son. Bravo!"    urlLink  Lileks imagines the "meeting of the consultants who came up with the original concept for Chuck E. Cheeses"  
     
    


	 
      1.  A German couple who went to a fertility clinic after eight years of marriage have found out why they are still childless - they weren't having sex.    urlLink  Childless couple told to try sex    2.  Encouraging schoolchildren to experiment with oral sex could prove the most effective way of curbing teenage pregnancy rates, a government study has found. Pupils under 16 who were taught to consider other forms of 'intimacy' such as oral sex were significantly less likely to engage in full intercourse, it was revealed.     urlLink  Oral sex lessons to cut rates of teenage pregnancy    
     
    


	 
      I read  urlLink  this fascinating interview with the wonderful Irshad Manji   in the "Independent."   She is frustrated that more moderate Muslims do not fight. "At all of the public events I've done to promote this book, not once have I seen a moderate Muslim stand up and look an extremist in the eye and say, 'I'm Muslim too. I disagree with your perspective. Now let's hash it out publicly.' Yes, after the event people tip-toe up to me and say, 'Thank you for what you are doing.' And there are times when I really want to say, 'Where was your support when it mattered? Not for my ego. But to show the extremists that they are not going to walk away with the show.'"   I wrote to the newspaper's editor complaining about an obvious missing word or garble in another important quote:   "I asked, 'Do these women realise that the very groups and individuals whom they are defending are the very people who, if they were in power here, would frankly their daughters particularly of their right to be at Oxford at all?' "    While I was at it, I informed the editor that Matthew Shepherd was not, as he was described parenthetically in the same story, "a young gay man who was recent crucified and burned to death in Texas."   urlLink  He was a young gay man beaten and tied to a fence, dying of injuries and exposure, in Wyoming, in 1998.    But I guess, when you're the "Independent," it makes better Bush-baiting if he was crucified and burned in Texas. Fact-checking? We don't need no stinkin' fact-checking.
     
    


	 
      Another editor and I were discussing media bias, anti-war activism, and related topics this week. I said, "I know a lot of right-wingers who were furious at Clinton over Kosovo, but I don't recall any of them cheering American casualties or rooting for American defeat, like many on the anti-war left do now." He instantly challenged me to name some and the first name that rolled off my tongue was "Michael Moore."  I guess it hit the mark because he was willing to believe it of Moore  urlLink  (I was ready to prove it, if he was unconvinced).   But my fellow editor dismissed Moore as the lunatic fringe of the anti-war crowd, "just like Rush is on the other side. They cancel each other out, and I don't pay any attention to either one."  I let that stand and moved on, but it occurred to me, later, that even if it is so in our minds, it's not so in our profession.  The last story our newspaper ran about Rush was about how he had said something stupid, downplaying the Abu Ghraib tortures. The story (AP) originated with one of the anti-Rush groups that monitors his programs and alerts the media when it thinks he's said something egregious.  Our last Michael Moore story (AP) was about how Moore has been "censored" by Disney, which refused to distribute his virulent 9-11 movie, and the article contained Moore's dark mutterings about how Disney feared losing its tax breaks from Bush's brother, the Florida governor. The source of the story was, Michael Moore. It wasn't even until the write-through, several hours later, that the AP included a quote from Jeb Bush pointing out that Disney got no tax breaks from him.  And when it transpired, a day or so later, that this was not news, that Disney had told Moore of its intentions in March 2003, not a word was printed to that effect. But the  "New York Times"  did run an editorial in support of Moore, blasting "craven" Disney.  Meanwhile, when Moore boasts that the Iraqi insurgents are going to win, and calls for more American deaths, it doesn't make news in the mainstream media.  As of today, by the way, Moore's Web site still links to the  "Guardian"  story puffing up the now-exposed phony photo(shop)graphs of alleged British abuse of Iraqi detainees. Moore's commitment to the "free media" evidently means "I'm free to use all media to lie my ass off if it busts on anyone I dislike."   [Hitchens parsed Moore and his fawning Euro-fans nicely the other day: "But speaking here in my capacity as a polished, sophisticated European as well, it seems to me the laugh here is on the polished, sophisticated Europeans. They think Americans are fat, vulgar, greedy, stupid, ambitious and ignorant and so on. And they've taken as their own, as their representative American, someone who actually embodies all of those qualities."]   Just so, almost all Pat Robertson stories in our newspaper originate with Americans United for Separation of Church and State, or some group like them. I belong to that group. I believe in much of what it does. But I think it's absurd for a media that doesn't pay attention to the entirety of a public figure like Rush or Robertson to rely on their sworn enemies as the sole directors for what to cover and when.
     
    


	 
      From today's "Independent," here's another Chatterati who  urlLink  wants an American defeat in Iraq so bad he can taste it.   This is the guy who writes the "Mars-Venus" books. I suppose that qualifies him as an expert on international relations, to the "Independent." This is the same "philosopher" whose academic credentials were exposed by bloggers as fraudulent. He threatened to sue one of them in response. But at least he's dropped the "Dr."  The title of the article is  "Power and vainglory: Iraq isn't another Vietnam - it's much worse. The images of abused prisoners demonstrate not just American depravity, says the philosopher John Gray, but the folly of waging war as a moral crusade"  Fasten your seatbelts. The Vietnam identifications vomit forth from this guy with a force that makes Ted Kennedy look like a sober historian.    Misguided from the start, the war in Iraq is spiralling out of control. Any legitimacy the occupying forces may ever have possessed has been destroyed, and there are signs that Iraqi insurgents are coming together to mount a movement of resistance that could render the country ungovernable. With even more damning images likely to find their way into the public realm in the near future, the United States is facing an historic defeat in Iraq - a blow to American power more damaging than it suffered in Vietnam, and far larger in its global implications.  The inescapable implication of currently available evidence is that the use of torture by US forces was not an aberration, but a practice sanctioned at the highest levels. Undoubtedly there were serious breaches of discipline, and the blank failure to understand that they had done anything wrong displayed by some of the abusers does not speak well for the levels of training of sections of the US military.    He compares the "resistance mounted by the Iraqi insurgents" to "the anti-colonial liberation struggles of the 1950s," and declares that U.S. forces have been "plunged into a type of conflict for which they are supremely ill equipped." And that is fighting in an Iraq where "the enemy comprises much of the population."  He decries the U.S. because it "unilaterally declared members of terrorist organisations to be illegal combatants who are not entitled to the protection of the Geneva Convention." I suppose, though he does not say this, we should have "multilaterally" negotiated their status with al Qaida. I don't know about Mars and Venus, but I detect an influence of the Moon there.  Gray has been predicting an imminent U.S. "cut-and-run" from Iraq since last summer. He's still predicting it:    The US cannot afford an ongoing war in Iraq, but the price of a quick exit will be high. Even so, it looks clear that that is exactly what is about to happen. After the torture revelations, 'staying the course' is no longer feasible. This is not because the American public has reacted with massive revulsion to evidence of the systematic abuse of Iraqis - as has been the case in Britain and other European countries. Rather, Iraq and its people are now viewed with a mix of bafflement and hatred, and a mood of despair about the war has set in. Most Americans want out - and soon.    Now, this might be a good point to mention that there is not a single number of any sort in the entire Gray piece (except for "1950s"). That's right; this pontificating palace of power-prose ("vainglory ... destroyed ... historic defeat") is built without a scintilla of proof for its foundation.  This might also be the right point to note that Gray is flat-out wrong. The most recent comprehensive survey of Americans (by the Pew Research Center, released May 12), even after the horrible last few weeks, shows that, so far from most of us wanting "out -- and soon,"  urlLink  53 percent favor keeping the troops in Iraq, versus 42 percent who said the troops should be brought home.   The poll's error rate was plus or minus 2.5 percentage points.  From his armchair in London, Gray reads a "coming together" of the resistance and a "historic defeat" of the Americans. His "currently available evidence" leads to "inescapable" conclusions about the structure of the U.S. military and (as he reports later) the "trailer-park mentality" of American recruits.  He swivels in his chair and turns his all-seeing Sauron eye across the Atlantic, and discerns that, to Americans, "the Iraqi people ... are now viewed as virtually subhuman."  And he reports that the U.S. didn't merely overthrow a dictator; it "destroyed the Iraqi state, with the result that the country is now in a condition of semi-anarchy."  The artist formerly known as "Dr. John Gray" may be shy of numbers, but I am not. Here are a few examples of the "semi-anarchy," the "historic defeat," and the Americans' "subhuman" contempt:    "In the province of Dhi Qar, about 230 miles southeast of Baghdad and a backwater even by Iraq's standards, residents voting as families will have elected city councils in 16 of the 20 biggest cities by next month." In Baghdad, "American authorities created nine district councils ... with representatives sent by 88 neighborhood advisory councils. The district councils, in turn, sent representatives to the Baghdad City Advisory Council to work with the American administration." [Washington Post]    urlLink  Salaries are rising, employment is rising,   and retired government employees are finally getting decent pensions.   "We have rehabilitated the orphanages, the centres for the handicapped and special needs institutions in Iraq, as well as the institutions for the deaf and blind. Work is on to accommodate all the homeless and orphaned children and ensure the needs of the handicapped. In addition, we have opened 28 offices for the ministry in different parts of the country to accept applications of Iraqi citizens in search of employment and job training."   "More than five million Iraqi students are back in school and more than 51 million new Ba'ath-free textbooks are in circulation" [CPA]. Some 100,000 healthcare professionals are working in 240 re-opened hospitals and 1,200 clinics.    "Iraqi crude oil sales since last year's U.S.-led invasion hit more than $9 billion ... The Coalition Provisional Authority had deposited a total of $9.28 billion in its Development Fund for Iraq."   "Some 20,000 contractors are doing business in the country with relatively few security problems ... Most are sharing in the $18.4 billion that has been allocated by the U.S. government to rebuild roads, public utilities, schools, housing and other parts of the Iraq economy."    The Army Corps of Engineers has been restoring oil infrastructure. It also is building and improving ports, airports, roads, bridges, schools and health clinics. The corps has replaced more than 700 electrical towers throughout Iraq. As reported below,  urlLink  villages that never had clean drinking water now have their own filtration plants.     Overall "about 2,200 different [reconstruction] projects worth around $2.5 billion were under way, with 18,000 already completed. Targets had been met with oil production, which was back to 2.3 million barrels a day, clean drinking water and power."   Thanks to the generosity of U.S. civilians, Spirit of America has donated 10,000 school supply kits and three tons of medical supplies, as well as Frisbees and soccer balls, which are being given to Iraqis by the Marines "as gifts of friendship from the American people."    In late April, USA Today/CNN/Gallup Poll of 3,444 Iraqis asked "Thinking about any hardships you might have suffered since the US/British invasion, do you personally think that ousting Saddam Hussein was worth it or not?" Some 61 percent said it was worth it. In the Shia areas, 74 percent.   The Kurdish third of the nation is living in unparalleled peace and prosperity and freedom. The Sunni region is quieter than it has been since the end of the war. In Fallujah, as reported below, U.S.-appointed retired major-general Mohammed Abdul-Latif seems to be getting the job done. "We can make [the US] use their rifles against us or we can make them build our country, it's your choice," he told "a gathering of more than 40 sheikhs, city council members and imams in an eastern Fallujah suburb .... As he spoke, many sheikhs nodded in approval and listened with reverence. Later, they clasped his hands and patted him on the back."   In the Shia region, the thuggish al-Sadr is isolated and increasingly despised. The silent majority of Shiites have not heeded his call to rise up. The real ayatollahs will be leaders, and they are men like Sistani, who has made it clear that religious leaders should not be in charge of the state.   Marsh Arabs, whose homeland was destroyed by Saddam as collective punishment for their 1991 rebellion, are reclaiming their ancient way of life. As Saddam's dams come down, the marshes reflood and the ecosystem revives, along with the the way of life they brought.   All of which leaves aside the predictions of the doomsayers from a year ago, which never materialized: millions of refugees, tens of thousands of American dead, millions of Iraqi dead, chemical attacks, nukes over Tel Aviv, the Arab street in revolt and moderate governments overthrown, oil fields up in smoke.    "In the US," Gray reports, "American withdrawal will be represented as a reward for a job well done. The rest of the world will recognise it as a humiliating defeat, and it is here that the analogy of Vietnam is inadequate. The Iraq war has been lost far more quickly than that in South-east Asia, and the impact on the world is potentially much greater."  "The full implications of such a blow to American power cannot be foreseen," Gray concludes. He doesn't even try to foresee them. Instead he goes on to gloat over the impending death of "liberal imperialism" and to cackle at Tony Blair.  Let's give him the benefit of the doubt and believe he really means all this, and really thinks America is devastated by its defeat and forever discredited as a superpower. Do you think he'd pause for a moment to consider the implications of this for the world. Or, if he really doesn't care much about that, how about the implications for his own sorry ass? Or maybe for the millions of people who put the money in his pockets by buying his book? For the civilization that allows his psychological puffery to flourish?  Don't you think he'd pause, for a moment, and consider whether this impending "historic defeat" is a good thing or not, and, if not, what he ought to be doing right now besides celebrating it prematurely?
     
    


	 
      Gary Kasparov, the great chess master, knows a bit about how to win and lose a mental game. His  urlLink  piece in the Wall Street Journal today   is a call to arms.  When I used to play a lot of chess, I was enamored of gambits -- those strategies where you give away a lot of pieces, but in the end of giving them up hold such a commanding position on the board that, while you're opponent has been greedily snatching up the pawns, he hasn't noticed he's ended up in deep shit.  Trouble is, those tricks don't work on any halfway decent chess player, who knows how to think more than one move at a time. Maybe it's a coincidence that the same period in my life when I tried to play chess like that was my time of greatest fondness for moral equivalency arguments.  Kasparov sweeps this right off the table in his first paragraph:   It is said that to win a battle you must be the one to choose the battleground. Since the Abu Ghraib abuses were revealed, the battleground has been chosen by those who would blur the lines between terrorists and those fighting against them. The Bush administration has contributed to the confusion with its ambiguous "war on terror." You cannot fight a word. You need targets, you need to know what you are fighting for and against. Most importantly you must have beliefs that enable you to distinguish friend from foe.  While al Qaeda may not have a headquarters to bomb, there is no shortage of visible adversaries. What is required is to name them and to take action against them. We must also drag into the light those leaders and media who fail to condemn acts of terror. It is not only Al Jazeera talking about "insurgents" in Iraq, it is CNN. Many in Europe and even some in the U.S. are trying to differentiate "legitimate" terrorism from "bad" terrorism. Those who intentionally kill innocent civilians are terrorists, as are their sponsors. No political agenda should be allowed to advance through terrorist activity. We need to identify our enemy, not play with words.   Yet in the same space he points out the serious flaws in the Bush Administration's current approach. It is, as others have noted, an inarticulate administration. I'm not talking about inarticulate as in "nook-you-lar." I'm talking about the missing Lincoln/Roosevelt/Churchill quality. Hell, even a Giuliani quality would be an asset. Tell us who we're fighting for, tell us who were fighting against. Tell us why. Give us goals and tell us how we plan to accomplish them. Get up tomorrow and do it again.  Most of the rest of the Kasparov piece outlines the problems in the Islamic world and the media. It's difficult not to be totally demoralized about the Western media, which has no interest in the sarin shell story -- I was told last night that that's because we're "cautious" about such a story, but there's no such caution about (bogus) prison abuse photos which run in major media outlets with their Photoshop tags still dangling off them in plain view. It seems we're only cautious about the news that might help Bush get re-elected.  Which is a shame, again, because as I've said, Iraq and the war to create a safer world for our children is much, much bigger than this administration or this election. As Kasparov points out, it is crucial enough that it pulls down the usual political lines -- Chirac, the rightist, opposes rightist Bush; Blair, the leftist, supports him. And I'm among the former independents and leftists who have come into the tent on this issue, standing with a party whose ranks include many characters whose social agendas I find unsavory and whose economic policy seems disasterous.  I wish the Kasparov piece had been more full of advice on how the administration could get its mental game back in shape. The critiques of it generally come from war opponents, and are limited to the totally unhelpful "Bush is stupid" variety. Of course, they don't mean to be helpful. They want the war to fail so Bush will lose.  But a real debate among war supporters about what could be done better, in Washington, could be very productive. Even a bad gambit can become a win, if the mental toughness is there.
     
    


	 
      Moral equivalency sez: "Guy with a panty on his head = guy with no head."
     
    


	 
          Just curious if you saw this cartoon, or any one like it, in your hometown newspaper. I didn't think so. 
     
    


	 
      Well, it's happened and Western Civilization (or at least what passes for it in these parts) still stands. As a student of slavery in the Northern states of the U.S., I see in the Massachusetts gay marriage case something that echoes the legal fight that ended slavery in that state: "judicial activism."  Like states' rights, this one has come around from the beginning in American history. Politicians who love it one year hate it the next: it all depends on the last ox to be gored. But some people today, in discussing the Massachusetts marriage case, talk about such matters as modern corruptions, signs of our fall from the purity of the Founders.  The Massachusetts state constitution of 1780 contained a bill of rights that declared "all men are born free and equal, and have ... the right of enjoying and defending their lives and liberty." Clearly the Legislature, in approving this, did not intend to abolish slavery in Massachusetts. Had they wanted to do so, they would have been explicit (and probably set a long timetable for very gradual emancipation, as Pennsylvania's constitution of the same year did).   The courts were pro-abolition, however. And a 1783 judicial decision, interpreting the wording of the 1780 constitution, brought slavery to an end in Massachusetts. Collectively known as "the Quock Walker case," it was actually a bundle of judicial actions concerning a Massachusetts slave known as Quock Walker (the name is variously spelled).  Walker had been promised freedom by his original owner once he reached age 25, and there were witnesses, which usually was sufficient to win such a case. But the attorney who represented him, Levi Lincoln, was not content to argue the case on the technical grounds. One of the men who had claimed to own Walker had assaulted him, and Walker's legal team pressed charges on the basis that Walker had been a free man at the time, not property.  In his appeal to the Supreme Judicial Court, Lincoln argued that slavery was a violation of the laws of nature and of God. Chief Justice William Cushing held that the 1780 constitution had, in fact, granted rights that were incompatible with slavery:    "[W]haver sentiments have formerly prevailed in this particular or slid in upon us by the example of others, a different idea has taken place with the people of America, more favorable to the natural rights of mankind, and to that natural, innate desire of Liberty, with which Heaven (without regard to color, complexion, or shape of noses-features) has inspired all the human race. And upon this ground our Constitution of Government, by which the people of this Commonwealth have solemnly bound themselves, sets out with declaring that all men are born free and equal -- and that every subject is entitled to liberty, and to have it guarded by the laws, as well as life and property -- and in short is totally repugnant to the idea of being born slaves. This being the case, I think the idea of slavery is inconsistent with our own conduct and Constitution; and there can be no such thing as perpetual servitude of a rational creature, unless his liberty is forfeited by some criminal conduct or given up by personal consent or contract ...."   The case was not set down in law reports, but it was the talk of the state. Legal experts have pointed out that Cushing's statement likely was  obiter dictum,  and the constitution of 1780 never actually was amended to prohibit slavery. Nevertheless, with the courts clearly refusing to uphold it, slavery in Massachusetts was doomed. The Legislators pondered whether to clarify their meaning in the constitution, but they thought better of it, rightly reading public opinion as being strongly anti-slavery.   This public opinion involved more than Cushing's moral and political rhetoric. Massachusetts had a strong, politically active white working class which perpetually sought an end to slavery, not for the benefit of blacks but to remove them from economic competition. Rich men put their slaves to work, sometimes in skilled trades, and white workers resented this. Free blacks, without the protection of powerful masters, easily could be driven from crafts, and this is what eventually happened. "If the gentlemen had been permitted by law to hold slaves," John Adams wrote, "the common people would have put the Negroes to death, and their masters too, perhaps." 
     
    


	 
      Mohammed at  urlLink  Iraq the Model   has a splendid post today about his recent visit from Baghdad to his hometown in southern Iraq. In a bus with some others, after skirting the embattled cities of Karbaba and Najaf, he arrived in Samawa just in time to see a rally of locals supporting the coalition troops.   It was a very encouraging thing to see that the simple people there understood the case and this is probably the first time where people go out to the streets to thank and support our allies in the coalition, but strangely it came from ordinary, simple people not from those who claim to be civilized intellectuals.   He passed the coalition military base there, and found it "striking and ugly" behind its high concrete walls.   These walls initiate a sensation of fear in the hearts and a feeling that there’s a huge block between the people and the coalition. I understand the security necessity of these walls but they still form an unpleasant sight for everyone.   But even here, he discovers, things are not what they first appear.   The coalition forces here invited all the kids -- and their parents -- in the neighborhood for a special festival. The kids were given paints and brushes and a definite area of the wall was assigned for each kid to paint on whatever he likes and to sign his painting with his/her name. I leave it for you to imagine how this hateful wall looked like after this festival. It became a fascinating huge painting that gives a feeling of brotherhood and friendship. These paintings eliminated all the psychological walls between the folks and the coalition here.  At the end of the festival, gifts were given to each kid: toys, clothes, candies. You can’t imagine how happy the kids were when they stood proudly pointing at their paintings; flowers, birds, hands shaking and the flags of Iraq and the coalition countries, and then pointing to their names; Zahra, Mohammed, Sajjad, Fatima -- together with phrases like; "yes for peace," "Saddam has fallen and many others." No one can watch this without having tears filling his eyes and I feel sorry that I couldn’t take pictures for this carnival, as I wasn’t there when it happened, but the people there told me the whole story.   At last he reaches his destination, a small town.   Last time I was surprised to see a new water treatment plant near the river distributing clean water for the whole town for free, with four brand-new automobile tanks to deliver water to the remote villages twice a day. Everyone is grateful there as our major health problems are caused by polluted water. Now, this new processing plant will help rid the city of many health problems.  In my very last trip, the special new thing was a campaign to renew the doctors’ residency that we-12 doctors-live in and a decent temporary place is provided for us until the old miserable residency is fully rehabilitated.  The other new foundation that is being constructed now is an Internet Center. Who would dream to see Internet service available in a southern village? This is more than a dream coming true, it makes me feel proud and it makes people believe more and more that the change is in their interest.   As heartening as the physical changes are, he -- and I -- take even more pleasure in the growing consciousness and awareness of the people. They begin to understand they are free, and they act like it. The people in this Shi'ite region tell him they don't want an Islamic government. "See, the SCIRI party established a library and a school to give religion classes that no one attends despite it cost the party thousands of dollars and occupied one of the towns’ buildings. Take a look at the water treatment plant that the coalition established, people gather around it every morning.” Another says, “We want those [leaders] who know what we need, not those who tell us to do what they want.”   The saddest incident for the citizens during my last visit was the death of a coalition soldier from Netherlands in a grenade attack. The small town was shocked and I could hear everyone say, “who did this crime is a stranger and he’s not of us for sure.”  Many of the town’s known figures, officials and tribal leaders headed to the coalition base to declare their support to the coalition and to condemn the crime, one of those men said, with apparent affection, during the funeral ceremonies, “our loss is big and we feel ashamed; you’re our guests but we couldn’t protect your men’s live; we’re terribly sorry.”   He paints other pictures of what he sees, such as a local women's leader standing up to the district council and demanding that the women's concerns be addressed.   The last one was on our way back to Baghdad where we were delayed for a few hours after the coalition forces blocked the road. We didn’t know why, but one of the passengers started to complain, saying, “those Americans always put obstacles in our way and make our lives difficult.”  The driver couldn’t hold himself from answering this comment in a sharp tone as he said, “NO, it’s not the Americans. It’s because of those bastards who plant bombs on the roads. You must thank the Americans for delaying you for a couple of hours to save your live.”  The point behind all these pictures and stories I mentioned is that the people started to speak out and express their feelings and here we’re in great need for support from the free world to back the progress. Moving back is absolutely unacceptable; we’ve put our feet on the right way and we need help from the others. Never let the bad pictures lay their heavy shadow on the good, bright ones.  The negative media want our eyes to pause on the bad events to win time in this worldwide battle and to make us forget the good pictures that encourage us to keep the momentum. This includes most of the major western media. They are ‘unconsciously’ supporting the terrorists and the totalitarian regimes in the region to stop this great progress. The media have managed to create some distrust and hate between some Iraqis and some of the coalition and the west in general.  Well, not in my city, it seems to be immune to their poison. The road is long and hard but together, we can do it.  
     
    


	 
      If I came back in 1,000 years, I'll find the same people, espousing the same positions, glumly tossing the same evidence at one another. No, I'm not talking about the Bush-Kerry election. I'm talking about the American Civil War. Every now and then I check back in on my friends in that community, and I find them as immortal and immovable as the poker-playing dogs in those cheap prints, or the Seven Sleepers in the New Testament, waiting it out till the end of the world.  The anti-Confederates mine the history books for quotes from the leading (or not so leading) figures of the South, and crow when they find one who says he understood the war was "all about slavery."  Yet what any one person in a movement gives as his reasons, if he speaks candidly, can only be his own reasons, unless there is some transcendant uniformity of thought or mind-control in effect. Even a quick survey of the old South turns up such a cacophany of rivalries, quarrels, and feuds it would be nothing short of miraculous if, though they all took the same step, they did it for precisely the same reasons.  Just look at current events. America is at war again today. What are the "reasons" we attacked Iraq? Revenge for Saddam's insults to Bush I? Unfinished business from the first Gulf War? Blood for oil? The risk of a rich despot with a determination to get WMD in a post 9-11 world? Freedom for Iraqi people? Planting democracy in the Mideast? Enforcing U.N. resolutions? Intimidating other rogue states?  If you argue that it is ONLY, EXCLUSIVELY about one of those things, you're nuts. The voices on one side are as diverse as Christopher Hitchens and Pat Robertson and Jose Ramos-Horta and Tony Blair and Dick Cheney. Can you really devise a one-sentence reason that covers all those minds (and me, too).  I should add, to the anti-anti-war list, the delightful "Muslim refusenik" Canadian feminist lesbian  urlLink  Irshad Manji  .  Here's how she dismantles one detractor on her Web site:    “You remind me of Afro-Americans like [Supreme Court justice] Clarence Thomas, [national security advisor] Condaleezza Rice, [Congressman] J.C. Watt and [Secretary of State] Colin Powell, who sold out their Afro-American credentials to the Republican Party to gain affirmative action appointments.” - Tanzila    Irshad replies:  Afro-American "credentials”? Honey, that’s so 1980s. Please join the 21st century and think about this: Why should skin color dictate thought pattern? Isn’t it racist to assume it should? And why do you automatically reduce these individuals to ‘affirmative action appointments,’ neglecting that Watts fought and won an election or that Rice was provost at Stanford? I’ll need some thoughtful answers before I can be shamed into believing that I’ve ‘sold out’ my Muslim credentials. Meanwhile, don’t forget to forward your ideological clock to 2004.  
     
    


	 
      Remember that horrific explosion in North Korea about a month back? Who would have thought that the world's most dysfunctional leadership would have packed a train bound for a port city with fertilizer and petroleum.   urlLink  Who indeed.   According to the World Tribune and other sources:   A North Korean missile shipment to Syria was halted when a train collision in that Asian country destroyed the missile cargo and killed about a dozen Syrian technicians.  U.S. officials confirmed a report in a Japanese daily newspaper that a train explosion on April 22 killed about a dozen Syrian technicians near the Ryongchon province in North Korea. The officials said the technicians were accompanying a train car full of missile components and other equipment from a facility near the Chinese border to a North Korea port.  A U.S. official said North Korean train cargo was also believed to have contained tools for the production of ballistic missiles. North Korea has sold Syria the extended-range Scud C and Scud D missiles, according to reports by Middle East Newsline.  "The way it was supposed work was that the train car full of missiles and components would have arrived at the port and some would have been shipped to Syria while others would have been transported by air," an official said.   
     
    


	 
      Just about every warblogger in the business has picked up on this piece about  urlLink  U.S. Marine Corps Gunnery Sgt. Nick Popaditch,   the "cigar Marine," but it's truly a keeper.   "This kid was waiting for his buddy to be medevaced when a frag grenade came in. Ortiz could move, he could get out of the area, but his friend couldn't — so Ortiz covered his buddy with his own body, hoping their body armor would take up most of the blast. He used his arms to shield his friend's face, and at the last second, this other Marine, shot and bleeding, wrenched his arm free to cover Ortiz's face, too."   And that's just from the stories he tells about his comrades. A story about someone's life-threatening injuries just shouldn't be a feel-good piece, but thanks to the man at the center of this one, it is.  Elsewhere,  urlLink  Spirit of America   reports that the television equipment a great many of us chipped in nickles and dimes to pay for is on the ground in Iraq, earmarked for delivery to seven news stations in Al Anbar province.  And, sadly,  urlLink  the war hits home for one of the Internet's strongest voices.    
     
    


	 
       urlLink  In the New York Sun, Daniel Pipes offers a provocative piece on "Europe's Threat to the West."     ... Muslim life in Western Europe and North America is strikingly different. The former has seen the emergence of a culturally alienated, socially marginalized, and economically unemployed Muslim second generation whose pathologies have led to "a surge of gang rapes, anti-Semitic attacks and anti-American violence," not to speak of raging radical ideologies and terrorism.  North American Muslims are not as alienated, marginalized, and economically stressed. Accordingly, Mr. Leiken finds, they show less inclination to anti-social behavior, including Islamist violence. Those of them supporting jihad usually fund terrorism rather than personally engage in it. Therefore, most jihadist violence in North America is carried out by hit squads from abroad.  And, contrary to expectation, these come predominantly not from countries like Iran or Syria, or even Saudi Arabia and Egypt, for the simple reason that their nationals undergo extra scrutiny. Islamist terrorists are not dumb; they note this special attention and now recruit intensively from citizens of the 27 countries – mostly European – who, thanks to the Visa Waiver Program, can enter America for 90 days without a visa.   Meanwhile, at the "Weekly Standard," Robert S. Leiken & Steven Brooke answer the question,  urlLink  "Who Is Abu Zarqawi?"     WHO KILLED NICHOLAS BERG? His grief-stricken family blames the U.S. government for the appalling videotaped beheading of their son in Iraq. A more fitting object of outrage is the executioner. For the terrorist who claims credit for the killing of the Jewish-American civilian is no walk-on, no lackey or even lieutenant of Osama bin Laden. Instead, he is an independent operator with a long history in global jihad -- sometimes coordinated with al Qaeda, sometimes not -- who may be challenging bin Laden for the leadership of global Sunni terrorism.   
     
    


	 
      Tests today confirm that an artillery shell that blew up in Iraq on Saturday contained an estimated three or four liters of the deadly nerve agent sarin. I might point out that it's "only one shell," but only one WMD is like only one cockroach.  Alan, at  urlLink  The Command Post   has an informative piece about "Sarin, Binary Agents, and 155mm Shells" including an explanation of how they work, and why, just because nobody got killed by this particular shell, it was still a WMD:   A binary artillery shell is projected from an artillery piece with an acceleration of over 100g, and spins at thousands of RPM. It also gets very hot, from the flame of the propellant, but also from air friction. This is quite enough to break the membrane separating the two chemicals, and mix them very thoroughly indeed. By the time the shell reaches the target, the chemical reaction is complete, and a small bursting charge shatters the shell and spreads the fog of droplets over a wide area.  If the artillery shell is (accidentally or deliberately) detonated without being fired from an artillery piece, there is very little mixing of the chemicals. Although the chemicals are not totally safe (I wouldn’t drink them, for example), the amount of Sarin produced would be very small, and chemical wounds would be minor and easily treatable.   Meanwhile, my own newspaper buried the story on page A4 this morning. At least one reader called to complain about that. It was hard for me to argue with the guy. If the story had been "No Sarin shells found in Iraq" you can bet it would have been 72-point on page A1. After the call, I mentioned to the wire editor that someone had wondered why we buried the story. His response: "I guess Rush told him to call."   urlLink  Chief Wiggles,   one of the most prominent milbloggers, has been an interrogator for 34 years. He knows his business, and he is frustrated by the media's half-story coverage, and he's willing to help them get it right, if they want to. Here's an expert commentator offering his services:   I welcome any news media that would like to delve into the details of the other side of the story, the one that represents the way most American soldiers act. I would love to have the opportunity to explain my world, from my perspective, the one shared by the majority of soldiers and especially interrogators. I will gladly give them the finer details of each phase or approach that was used.   Why can’t we show the world that what they are seeing is an isolated incident not representative of the thousands of soldiers who do sincerely care and who have accepted the humanity of our fellow brothers, the Iraqis.   This is your chance News Media. This is a way for you to redeem yourselves from the barrage of accusations that you are biased and one sided, that you are just looking for any opportunity to crucify us and our leaders, and that you fail to provide us the American people with balanced factual reporting. We need to offset the continual flow of negative degrading reporting with factual positive stories of all the good that is being done.    Think anyone in the networks will take him up on it? Neither do I.  Meanwhile,  urlLink  Belmont Club, in "News Coverage as a Weapon,"   cites historian John Terraine and compares U.S. casualties in Iraq to unit loss rates in the Civil War, the Battle of Britain, German U-boat crews, and ponders the nature of "defeat."   Viewed in this context, the American "defeat" in Iraq projected by the press must be understood as being something wholly different from anything that has gone before. The 800 odd US military deaths suffered since the start of Operation Iraqi Freedom a year ago are less than the number who died in the Slapton Sands D-Day training exercise in 1944. The campaign in Iraq has hardly scratched American strength, which has in fact grown more potent in operational terms over the intervening period. Nor has it materially affected the US manpower pool or slowed the American economy, which is actually growing several times faster than France, which is not militarily engaged. The defeat being advertised by the press is a wholly new phenomenon: one which leaves the vanquished army untouched and the victor devastated; the economy of the vanquished burgeoning and that of the victor in destitution; the territory of the loser unoccupied and that of the winner garrisoned. It is an inversion of all the traditional metrics of victory and defeat.   That the assertion is not instantly ludicrous is an indication of the arrival of a new and potentially revolutionary form of political wafare.   
     
    


	 
      Michael J. Totten writes exquisitely on  urlLink  the 'Genovese Syndrome' at 'The Nation.'     It’s true that many people are dead in Iraq because of what we did. It’s equally true that a larger number are alive because of what we did. The well-being of Iraqis isn’t even remotely what’s at issue to Mr. Savoy. He only cares that we are morally pure. Tyranny, barbarism, and genocide are fine with him in a lesser-evil sort of way as long as we can sit safe and sound on our side of the ocean and not have to dirty ourselves by messing with it.  Not only is this morally reprehensible, it isn’t even logical. We do not sit safe and sound on this side of the ocean as the terrorism on September 11, preceded by Al Qaeda’s genocidal death warrant, has already shown. The political culture of the Middle East absolutely is our business. Middle Eastern political science topples buildings and kills thousands in our own cities.  Paul Savoy is a September 10th person. He doesn’t understand that we’re war whether we’re happy about it or not.     
     
    


	 
      A couple of weeks ago, when the U.S. Marines paused on the verge of a powerful victory in Fallujah, and brought in local militias to handle the insurgency there, I thought it was a terrible mistake.  Granted, this situation was a collision of what ought to be our two main goals in the country: 1. convincing West-hating Islamic terrorists that we will defeat them and kill them without tiring, and 2. convincing average Iraqis that it really is their country now, even though we're all over it, and our purpose is not to rule them, but to set them up in self-rule and then go home.  But the second goal seemed distant then, and the first seemed to be faltering with our indecisive military strategy, that allowed the thug-army that hid among the civilians to flout us and pose like pan-Arabist heroes.  Now, it seems, the Iraqification solution is working -- so far -- beyone what I could have hoped. I'm willing to eat every word I ever said against it if I get to read more stories like this one, from today's AP wire:   FALLUJAH, Iraq (AP) - A former Saddam Hussein-era general appointed by the Americans to lead an Iraqi security force in the rebellious Sunni stronghold of Fallujah urged tribal elders and sheiks Sunday to support U.S. efforts to stabilize Iraq.   Retired Maj. Gen. Mohammed Abdul-Latif rose to prominence after nearly monthlong battles last month between the Marines monthlong battles in April between the Marines and insurgents hunkered down in Fallujah's neighborhoods.   "We can make them (Americans) use their rifles against us or we can make them build our country, it's your choice," Latif told a gathering of more than 40 sheiks, city council members and imams in an eastern Fallujah suburb.   The siege of this city of 200,000 people, located about 40 miles west of Baghdad, was lifted when top Marine officers announced the creation of the Fallujah Brigade — a force made exclusively of former Iraqi army officers.   The Marines withdrew from Fallujah into the rural hinterland and far-flung suburbs, allowing the Iraqi force to take up positions and start patrols inside the city. The brigade is expected to number about 1,500 men, many of them conscripts or noncommissioned officers under Saddam.   They are expected to fight the guerrillas, although some of the same insurgents who fought the Marines last month will likely join the brigade.   On Sunday, Marines of the 1st Battalion, 5th Regiment provided security for the gathering in Kharma.   Latif, 66, a native of Baghdad, urged the elders to talk freely, citing the Muslim holy book, the Quran.   "The Quran says we should sit together, discuss and make a decision, but let it be the right decision," the silver-haired Latif — a slim figure wearing a blue shirt and dark blue tie and pants — told the sheiks.   The venue offered a rare insight into Latif's interactions and influence over Fallujah elders. As he spoke, many sheiks nodded in approval and listened with reverence to his words. Later, they clasped his hands and patted Latif on the back.   Latif, speaking in Arabic to the sheiks, defended the Marines and the U.S. occupation of Iraq.   "They were brought here by the acts of one coward who was hunted out of a rathole — Saddam — who disgraced us all," Latif said. "Let us tell our children that these men (U.S. troops) came here to protect us.   "As President Bush said, they did not come here to occupy our land but to get rid of Saddam. We can help them leave by helping them do their job, or we can make them stay ten years and more by keeping fighting."   Lt. Col. Brennan Byrne, the Marine battalion commander, said, "No truer words have been spoken here today than those by General Latif."   Latif also told the insurgents to "stop doing stupid things."   "Those bullets that are fired will not get the Americans out, let them finish their job here so that they can return to their country," Latif said.   "Our country is precious, stop allowing the bad guys to come from outside Iraq to destroy our country."  
     
    


	 
        In the last few days, the Mirror, a raucous Fleet Street tabloid, has published pictures of British troops urinating on Iraqi prisoners, and the Boston Globe, a somnolent New England broadsheet, has published pictures of American troops sexually abusing Iraqi women. In both cases, the pictures turned out to be fake. From a cursory glance at the details in the London snaps and the provenance of the Boston ones, it should have been obvious to editors at both papers that they were almost certainly false.  Yet they published them. Because they wanted them to be true. Because it would bring them a little closer to the head they really want to roll — George W. Bush’s. If you want to see what the Islamists did to Nick Berg or Daniel Pearl or to those guys in Fallujah or even to the victims of Sept. 11, you’ll have to ferret it out on the Internet. The media aren’t interested in showing you images that might rouse the American people to righteous anger, only images that will shame and demoralize them.    urlLink  Mark Steyn in the "Chicago Times."     The other day, while taking a break by the Al-Hamra Hotel pool, fringed with the usual cast of tattooed defence contractors, I was accosted by an American magazine journalist of serious accomplishment and impeccable liberal credentials.   She had been disturbed by my argument that Iraqis were better off than they had been under Saddam and I was now — there was no choice about this — going to have to justify my bizarre and dangerous views. I’ll spare you most of the details because you know the script — no WMD, no ‘imminent threat’ (though the point was to deal with Saddam before such a threat could emerge), a diversion from the hunt for bin Laden, enraging the Arab world. Etcetera.   But then she came to the point. Not only had she ‘known’ the Iraq war would fail but she considered it essential that it did so because this would ensure that the ‘evil’ George W. Bush would no longer be running her country. Her editors back on the East Coast were giggling, she said, over what a disaster Iraq had turned out to be. ‘Lots of us talk about how awful it would be if this worked out.’ Startled by her candour, I asked whether thousands more dead Iraqis would be a good thing.   She nodded and mumbled something about Bush needing to go. By this logic, I ventured, another September 11 on, say, September 11 would be perfect for pushing up John Kerry’s poll numbers. ‘Well, that’s different — that would be Americans,’ she said, haltingly. ‘I guess I’m a bit of an isolationist.’ That’s one way of putting it.   The moral degeneracy of these sentiments didn’t really hit me until later when I dined at the home of Abu Salah, a father of six who took over as the Daily Telegraph’s chief driver in Baghdad when his predecessor was killed a year ago.    urlLink From a piece by London "Daily Telegraph" correspondent Toby Harnden,   preserved by Instapundit. To which an anti-war reader responded, "It is not wrong to root for your country's defeat if your country is evil." To which Willow whomps,    urlLink  I find that pretty rich coming from someone who most likely subscribes to the theory of moral relativism,   as most anti-war types do. A pox upon you if you should call anyone else, or any other country evil, but our own country is fair game for such an accusation. It's disgusting when people strive so hard to give savages the benefit of the doubt long after they've proven they don't deserve it and dismiss their own homeland, their own people as irredemable tyrants ....  
     
    


	 
       urlLink  Jonah Goldberg is another who, like me, would trade a George Bush defeat for an Iraq victory.   He also points out some other sane people on the libera/Democratic side, and he points out the ridiculous double-standards of partisanship.   Now, there are plenty of prominent liberals who do see winning the war as more important than hurting Bush, which is not to say they wouldn't cheer if Bush lost. My short, but not exhaustive, list includes: Sen. Joe Lieberman, the editors of The New Republic, Christopher Hitchens, the Washington Post editorial board, Michael Ignatieff, Tom Friedman, Sen. Zell Miller, and a few others.  But when things go badly in Iraq, particularly in the wake of the Abu Ghraib scandal, there's a detectable, albeit restrained, glee from the likes of [Ted] Kennedy and Paul Krugman of the New York Times and others.  Hundreds of liberals have e-mailed me saying, in effect, their partisanship is "payback" for how conservatives undermined President Clinton. There are two responses to this. First, shame on you. If you thought it was wrong to "undermine" Clinton during peacetime, why is it right to do it to Bush during a war?   And, for that matter, if Clinton's aviodance of military service in the Vietnam era was insufficient to disqualify him as a modern leader of America, why is Dubya's avoidance of combat duty (by a different route) suddenly so damning? John Kerry served ably and well, by most accounts. Yet it sounds like some Democrats this year have taken up the absurd and frightening notion that only a veteran can be a leader. If they thought for just a second about the long-term prospects of their party, they'd cut that line. But they have stopped thinking.  I didn't vote for G.W.B. the first time, and I don't know whether I will in November. Whatever I feel about him or his party is far outweighed by what I feel about the ability of sanity and civilization to defeat murderous fundamentalist religious cults, and the mission to rebuild Iraq. If those goals can be accomplished, I don't care whether Bush becomes the greatest president, or is dumped in history's dustbin.  Unfortunately, however, only one other option presents himself, and his comments so far do not incline me to think John Kerry is going to answer my purposes better than Bush. He still seems to favor the legalistic approach to fighting terror, which,  urlLink  as Andrew C. McCarthy demonstrates,   doesn't work.
     
    


	 
         "A tragic situation exists precisely when virtue does  not  triumph but when it is still felt that man is nobler than the forces which destroy him."  [George Orwell,  "Shooting an Elephant,"  1950]      West Chester, Pennsylvania, my hometown, is in the world's headlines again. Nick Berg, the young contractor who went to Iraq to do good and was brutally murdered by Islamist terror-thugs, was from there.  I saw the "West Chester" reference in the first news story about him. But as soon as I saw a picture of the house his family still lived in, I knew it wasn't West Chester borough, but one of the suburban townships, West Whiteland or West Goshen, probably. By the looks of it, they lived near where I grew up: all the houses out there were built about the same time. Tonight I finally looked up Michael Berg in an old West Chester phone book; the address is so close to my old home I could have biked there in two minutes when I was 9.  I recognize other scenes, too, and though I don't know the Bergs, I know many others who have come up with this story, such as Andy Dinniman, the amiable Democratic county commissioner who has been one of the spokesmen for the family. Flo Miller, the school district spokeswoman, is a former co-worker. I remember Mike Carroll, the West Goshen police chief, from my days as a cop reporter. I even know the people behind the bylines on the Knight-Ridder stories, old Inky hands like Kathy Brady, Reid Kanaley, Tom Infield.  The fact that someone from West Chester could be at the center of a firestorm doesn't surprise me. Like Bob Shoemaker, my old boss at the West Chester "Daily Local News" used to say, "If there's a bullet to be caught anywhere in the world, someone from Chester County will be there to take it."  Yet this one is different. The county hasn't had so much world attention since another fomer boss of mine, Dave Warner, decided to run pet obituaries in the newspaper.  The sorrowing father says Bush and Rumsfeld killed his son. I'm not going to blame a man in the depths of an unimaginable grief. I am going to blame the people who keep sticking microphones in his face.  Chester County is one of the very "red" counties on the map. It's got a thumping Republican majority, so that even middle-of-the-road Democrats, who actually want to get elected rather than simply railing at the government, tend to become Republicans. The hard-core stays out in the rain. (Dinniman is an exception, but he only gets elected because state law mandates all three commisioners can't be from the same party, which effectively sets aside one job for the minority party.) In that environment, the virulence of the Bush-hating faction can flourish untempered in the Democratic culture. On the car in the driveway of the Berg home is a bumper sticker with a red slash through a "W" and the slogan, "Let's not elect him in 2004, either."  Yet this father, who is of the age of the '60s youth movement, taught his son to think and to make his own choices. And the son grew up to see a world that could be made better, even by Americans. Among those who sent the family condolences this week were Kenyan tribesmen young Berg had helped improve their village. He went to Iraq with the same vision: to bring democracy and a good life to people who knew little of either.  He supported the war, for humanitarian reasons. This, more than any accident of geography, is what makes me feel identified with him.  In the Vietnam War, the old held that American power was a force for good and believed in the spread of freedom as a patriotic virtue. Their children spit bile at the administration. In this war, the natural order is reversed. And the war itself, we can only hope, is fought with more wisdom, and more vision, than was Vietnam. I hope this for the sake of the growing list of men and women who have given their lives believing that it is so. 
     
    


	 
        José Ramos-Horta is the 1996 Nobel Peace Prize winner for his work in East Timor. Unlike too many Nobel Peace Prize winners, he actually deserved it, and he actually has the ability to think about the world, not simply react against America.  His Wall Street Journal op-ed from yesterday is brilliant.  urlLink  Sometimes, a War Saves People: We must be willing to bring the fight to those who would do evil   contains a plea for Washington to give the U.N. a greater role in Iraq. Not everyone is convinced that will work, or that it is desirable. But Mr. Ramos-Horta's argument is much easier to accept, and to subject to serious consideration, for the sake of his common sense:    As a Nobel Peace laureate, I, like most people, agonize over the use of force. But when it comes to rescuing an innocent people from tyranny or genocide, I've never questioned the justification for resorting to force. That's why I supported Vietnam's 1978 invasion of Cambodia, which ended Pol Pot's regime, and Tanzania's invasion of Uganda in 1979, to oust Idi Amin. In both cases, those countries acted without U.N. or international approval--and in both cases they were right to do so.  Perhaps the French have forgotten how they, too, toppled one of the worst human-rights violators without U.N. approval. I applauded in the early '80s when French paratroopers landed in the dilapidated capital of the then Central African Empire and deposed "Emperor" Jean Bedel Bokassa, renowned for cannibalism. Almost two decades later, I applauded again as NATO intervened--without a U.N. mandate--to end ethnic cleansing in Kosovo and liberate an oppressed European Muslim community from Serbian tyranny. And I rejoiced once more in 2001 after the U.S.-led overthrow of the Taliban liberated Afghanistan from one of the world's most barbaric regimes.  So why do some think Iraq should be any different? Only a year after his overthrow, they seem to have forgotten how hundreds of thousands perished during Saddam Hussein's tyranny, under a regime whose hallmark was terror, summary execution, torture and rape. Forgotten too is how the Kurds and Iraq's neighbors lived each day in fear, so long as Saddam remained in power.  ... In almost 30 years of political life, I have supported the use of force on several occasions and sometimes wonder whether I am a worthy recipient of the Nobel Peace prize. Certainly I am not in the same category as Mother Teresa, the Dalai Lama, Desmond Tutu or Nelson Mandela. But Mr. Mandela, too, recognized the need to resort to violence in the struggle against white oppression. The consequences of doing nothing in the face of evil were demonstrated when the world did not stop the Rwandan genocide that killed almost a million people in 1994. Where were the peace protesters then? They were just as silent as they are today in the face of the barbaric behavior of religious fanatics.  Some may accuse me of being more of a warmonger than a Nobel laureate, but I stand ready to face my critics. It is always easier to say no to war, even at the price of appeasement. But being politically correct means leaving the innocent to suffer the world over, from Phnom Penh to Baghdad. And that is what those who would cut and run from Iraq risk doing.   
     
    


	 
       urlLink  "Never mind the weather overkill: scientists praise Hollywood's global warning,"   is the headline of this article in the "Guardian." (May 13).  As a leftist anti-American newspaper, the "Guardian's" delight in the upcoming Hollywood blockbuster "The Day After Tomorrow" is hardly surprising. Even though the editors seem piqued that Europe, too, gets wiped out, they enjoy the destruction of New York and Los Angeles and the humiliation of a "Cheney lookalike" U.S. leader in this "strongly anti-Bush" movie about catastrophic effects of global warming.  But what's appalling to me is that, even given the movie's "scanty relationship with scientific fact" (the "Guardian's" phrase), it "won praise from both the British research establishment and the environment movement."     Among the film's unexpected fans after a sneak preview are the government's chief scientific adviser, Sir David King, and Geoff Jenkins, head of the Hadley Centre for Climate Change, who both regard the film's stunning special effects as good fun and welcome the blockbuster as raising public awareness and debate about a vital issue.   Sir David, who recently stirred political debate on both sides of the Atlantic by saying that global warming was a greater threat than terrorism, said the beginning of the film was particularly realistic - both scientifically and politically.     In this movie, tens of thousands of years of climate change are condensed into a week. Impossible consequences, like killer hurricanes forming over dry land and tornadoes ripping up Los Angeles, are yanked out of the special effects hat. It's worse than junk science. "The Day After Tomorrow" may make a great disaster movie, but it is to science what "Death Race 2000" is to driver's education.  "[F]act and fiction are tangled," the "Guardian" demures. Yet the "scientists" don't mind a bit. King spoke about justifiable poetic licence.  Not all the scientists who screened the movie were impressed. Some pointed out that by grossly exaggerating the real risks of climate change, the film isn't likely to raise public awareness. Rather the opposite. The atmosphere of gross exaggeration, for the sake of attention, is more likely to make people heed those equally unthinking voices that advise shutting out the doomsayers as untrustworthy.  The fact is, the world's climate is prone to change over time. Our impression of its stability is based on an unusually consistent run of predictable weather for the past 300 years or so. But to assume that the world always was, and always will be, thus is the sort of fiction usually favored by Creationists.  The fact is, we just don't know enough about what drives long-term climate change to make accurate predictions about it.  The fact is, humanity is a part of nature, and we have strong evidence that human activity has contributed to climate change. How this will interact with the natural shifts in the climate is difficult to predict.  But to say that, just because the earth changes anyway, people shouldn't worry about the impact of pollution, is downright silly. Yet some on the right, who oppose environmentalist reflexively as a force from the "left," do this. And the more the academic community and the policy-makers align themselves with Hollywood junk science, the more they play into the "loony left" trap that discredits them in the eyes of many people who might otherwise accept them.   Yet that is likely to be the result in many minds when scientists, given the chance to draw the line between legitimate work and lurid entertainment, choose to embrace the latter as a teaching tool. 
     
    


	 
      The south is not the same as the rest of America, even today:   Old World tradition keeps William popular name in South   KNOXVILLE, Tenn. (AP) — William has conquered the South.  William has become one of the most popular names for baby boys below the Mason-Dixon Line, ranking No. 1 in at least five states.  Naming experts attribute William's popularity to English ancestry and a strong sense of tradition in the South.  "It has been more popular in the South than the rest of the country for at least 10 years," said Cleveland Evans, a member of the American Name Society and a psychology professor at Bellevue University in Nebraska. "The William Belt is one of the most striking regional differences."  William ranked only 11th nationally among baby names for boys in 2003, but was No. 1 in Alabama, Georgia, Mississippi, South Carolina and Tennessee, according to the Social Security Administration.  It was No. 2 in North Carolina and Virginia, and No. 4 in Kentucky and Arkansas. Vermont was the only state outside the South to put William in the Top 5.  "Traditional boys' names will rank high in most Southern states, more so than Northern states," said Edward Callary, past president of the American Name Society. "Part of it is there is a longer tradition, and a lot of these are family names that are passed down from generation to generation."  From 1880 to 1920, William was second only to John — the most common male name of all time, according to Social Security statistics. But William slipped all the way to 23rd by 1996.  "I don't know why," Callary said. "I don't think Bill Clinton had anything to do with it, because he preferred to be called Bill."  Evans said Williams is popular among both whites and blacks, making it one of the few names that cross racial boundaries. 
     
    


	 
         When we were in Paris last fall, Luke and I had an excellent lunch -- roasted ham and greens on toast, smothered in melted goat's milk cheese -- one rainy, raw afternoon at an Auvergnois bistro near the  gare du Nord.  Across the street stood a gutted McDonald's; its shatter-proof windows all spider-webbed by some massive assault, and the whole thing plastered in posters proclaiming  McDonald's is dead  and  merde a McDonald's.  Photocopied newspaper articles hung there, too, telling the story. With my miserable French, I was only able to piece together part of the story: some French union activists had focused an attack on this restaurant, and they violently shut it down after a long effort.  I learned more of the story when I got home:   The McDonalds franchise located in Paris at Strasbourg St. Denis has been shut down by striking workers for the better part of a year. Now the strikers are occupying the McDonalds and using it as a storefront to sell t-shirts to fund striking French artists and anything that José Bové©®™ is up to at the moment. So here we have the confiscation of private property that has been turned into a squat, and illegal commerce, and nothing is done about it. The globophobe nitwits, ecstatic before so much symbolism, think that there is nothing wrong with this. So while they all whack off to the symbolism of it all here's another symbol they can rub up against: France is not subject to the rule of law. France is ruled by the law of the jungle.   The sad part is that while the neoleftists are worshipping symbols, McDonalds is taking care of Paris' poor. Many French retirees and low income workers go to McDonalds to buy a coffee or just a bottle of water because it is so much less expensive and they can drink it sitting down. Paris cafés charge higher prices for drinking anything sitting down. But the limousine leftists, who of course would never be caught dead anywhere near a McDonalds, do not know this. They are too busy chowing down where-the-elite-meet-to-eat in the 8th arrondissement right next to their PR firms.    [ urlLink  From this blog site  ]   So the root of it was a labor dispute, but the result was an all-out assault on the physical presence of McDonald's, and all it embodies in a lower-middle-class Paris neighborhood. This makes me uncomfortable. Luke and I are anti-McDonald's. We groaned when we saw one on the Champs-Élysées. I suppose they can be tolerated in airports or soul-less train stations, but otherwise they have no place in Europe. Even in America, we associate them with the waddling malnourished obesity of our neighbors.  I suppose I'd even accept the premise that property violence is a legitimate response to the intrusion of a McDonald's into a community. Yet without having been there, I can't tell whether "anti-McDonald's" and "anti-American" are clearly distinguished in the minds that smashed the windows. And from what I've seen of French anti-Americanism in several sources, it's as unthinking and reflexively prejudiced as the worst U.S. knee-jerk patriotism. I'm not convinced these people know the difference between me and Ronald McDonald, or whether they care.  A writer named Steven Shapin, reviewing a book that deals with the globalization of food, in  "The Guardian,"  on Dec. 1, 2003, had a perceptive passage about this:    [G]lobalised products such as the Big Mac and Coke have secured their spread across the world by travelling in the special channels carved out by American power, capital and culture. While Big Macs are now everywhere -- you can avoid them in Bhutan and Afghanistan, but that's a high price to pay -- it would be impossible to explain their global distribution without attending to those channels and to their identification with the powerful idea of America. Just as Château Lynch-Bages has a Pauillac Appellation d'Origine Contrôlée, so the Big Mac is AOC USA. You can't account for why so many people throughout the world want to eat it -- or, indeed, why so many others use it as a reference for globalised abominations -- without understanding their ideas about the place called America.   Love it or leave it alone. If you don't like it, don't eat there. Bearing that in mind (and without taking the comparison to ludicrous excess) How is the rage-intent underlying an attack on McDonald's, as a symbol of a hated alien culture's intrusion, any different from the hate that defaces a synagogue, say, or a mosque?  One thing that's changed since 1979, the last time I traveled extensively on the Continent, is that graffiti is everywhere. It's on the old fountains in Germany, on the classic Parisian houses, even on the wooden cattle pens in the Alps. At first I actually thought it was American knuckleheads coming over to do it, having covered every available surface in the States. But no, there's too much of it. I'm afraid the Europeans have done it to themselves. Yes, I realize it's a Roman invention, but there's nothing indigenous about this modern graffiti I saw. It's plain old tagging, the same kind of stylized letters you'd see in any freight yard in New Jersey. The same names over and over again for miles, deep in the Metro tunnels under Paris.  None of it was political, except a few "Fuck Bush" statements near Stuttgart. (Italy is an exception; more on that later.) France was worse than Germany, and Paris was worst of all.  Now why would a people who would burn out a McDonald's in the name of cultural integrity turn around and suck down this sort of cultural poison? For that matter, why do they tolerate the awful American pop music that flowed from the radios and CD players everywhere we went? For a people to loot a McDonald's, then turn around and deface their own historic treasures with Bronx-born graffiti styles, seems to me as stupidly self defeating as a man refusing to wear American-made clothing and then tattooing "Made in the U.S.A." on his forehead.  The graffiti in Venice was more intense, and, unlike elsewhere, it was decidedly political. "Yankee Go Home" is in big red letters on a wall along the alley that leads from the train station to the busy part of town. Below it is something smeared that once might have said, in Italian, "Americans are murderers." This seemed ominous on the night we arrived, because we pulled in after dark, and the Venetian streets are narrow canyons, twisting, blind, never more than 20 yards in any direction, rarely wide enough for three to walk abreast. All the storefronts were shuttered for the night. It seemed the kind of place you associate with sudden, random violence, whether it's medieval drama or Raymond Chandler novels.  But the next day, Venice lolled in the sun like a big old dog, the gondoliers made conversation, and the "Yankees Go Home" sign became a navigation aid. The first time we passed it, we were just following the crowd's flow. Later, when there were fewer people about, it  marked which alley, among three nearly identical ones, we should turn down to find our excellent hotel full of French tourists. 
     
    


	 
      Watch the media in the coming weeks. I've been in journalism for 21 years, and the Abu Ghraib story is the Perfect Storm for writers and editors who like to cloak an editorial jab as a news story.  Here's an example of how it works, from the AP "lawmaker react" story in Wednesday's cycle:    " 'I saw cruel, sadistic torture,' said Rep. Jane Harman, D-Calif., who said some of the images were of male prisoners masturbating."    Now, I presume that howler (such things used to be called "boners," but we'll not go there) is an innocent mistake. But it shows how media reporting of the Abu Ghraib story, and the reaction to it, can be both true and misleading. The nature of the story invites the equivalent of the prison abuse itself: humiliation under the cover of legitimate work.  Two aspects of the story allow this:   1.  The initial evidence presented last week, the photos and videos, showed actions that, in themselves, were abusive. In themselves, some of them reminded many people (not only Rush Limbaugh) less of war crimes and more of knucklehead fraternity pranks or "Jackass" routines.  In the context of a prisoner of war situation, even the mildly brutalizing activities depicted crossed the line into torture. But to some civilians not well acquainted with the Geneva Conventions, this was not at first clear. In the context of what the U.S. and its allies are attempting to do in Iraq, the images were tragically destructive. Some people who had pinned their hopes on that mission at first suffered a denial reaction before realizing what they were seeing, and its consequences.   2.  The "worst," which Rumsfeld promised us last week, is starting to transpire. Congress members this week saw a whole batch of fresh photos and videos, some of which are said to be much more shocking than the first set -- showing rape, unmistakable torture, and even murder.  Yet this new set is a mix of images -- apparently the Pentagon simply took whole computer and camera disks as evidence, and sat the Senators down for a slide show of everything it found on them, including scenes of U.S. soldiers having sex with one another (not a Geneva Conventions offense) and just plain tourist-type shots of Iraqi scenery.  In addition, spurious images and stories have turned up in media outlets unable or insufficiently willing distinguish Photoshop work from genuine pictures -- the Boston Globe and a German television network both published images that later turned out to be hoaxes.  At the same time, the list of treatments meted out at Abu Ghraib includes some that most civilians would find unpleasant (shuffling food and sleep schedules, creating an anticipation of real violence without doing it) that were sanctioned by the U.S. authorities as within the range of what they believe international law allows. Other things done at the prison, however, left U.S. authorities shocked and revolted.  What interests me is that people you see quoted in news stories may be reacting to any one of these aspects, and their quotes may be reported accurately. Yet by juxtaposing their quotes with images or descriptions from another level of the crisis, they can be made to appear as foolish as Rep. Harman looked in the AP paragraph.  And it may not be an innocent mistake. In the AP story, after the Harman graph, the writer (Pauline Jelinek) gives the most graphic description in the entire story, detailing the worst of what was shown -- sexual abuse of women, prisoners forced to commit the most heinous sex acts on themselves and one another, beating, blood.  And this is immediately followed by Tom Delay's quote that, "some people are overreacting. The people who are against the war are using this to their political ends." I'm no friend of Tom Delay, but I don't think he was answering a question like, "what do you think about the reaction to the worst of the worst?"  All along, in this story, people in power or on the sidelines have been reacting to what they've seen; but the list of what they've seen has changed from person to person and over time.  This allows a journalist to do his job of telling the facts of the story, inverted pyramid style, with quotes interspersed to "humanize" it, and at the same time make anyone he chooses to single out look despicable.  
     
    


	 
       Almost every writer I've encountered who lived through the Great War, whether English, German, or French, remarks on the beautiful summer of 1914. The weather in Western Europe, apparently, was perfect, with long, glorious days and lovely sunsets. So September 2001 was, as I remember, a perfect Indian Summer here in the Northeast.  When my son and I finally made it up to New York, in October, the air was still suffused with the glow of that autumn. But it also stank, of course, of crushed particle-board and airline fuel and rotting flesh.  And there the parallel ends. The youths who went off to World War I did not know they were walking into that meat-grinder. But, in retrospect, it was clear where they were going. A set of nations equally matched, with equal firepower, going to war at one of those moments when the technology entirely tilts the odds in favor of the defenders.  The Americans who had seen the trench fighting at the end of the U.S. Civil War (Emory Upton, for instance) might have been able to warn them of this. But if they did, no one listened. Twenty-five years later, technology (more fickle than fortune) had turned the tables again, and with mobile tank brigades and dive bombers, the attackers again held the upper hand (Spain could have taught them that), and when Germany went to war with France and Russia again the result was very different than it had been in 1914.   In 2001, we went to war in a moment perhaps unique in history -- certainly unique since the Roman Empire. The disparity in skill and firepower on our side was so great that we could anticipate, not only victory, but overwhelming victory. And furthermore, it would be possible to do this with a bare minimum of civilian deaths.  Every civilian death is one of war's tragedies. But compare the U.S. conquest of Afghanistan (which of course was regarded by the chattering class in Europe as a revolting war crime) with the Russian strategy in Kabul or Grozny. The utter superiority of American air power will not last forever. But while it lasts, we have the ability to defeat enemies without destroying nations.  Nothing is certain in war, and I knew that in 2001. But any reasonable check of the balance sheets would show that the U.S. had the ability to carry out its intent, even in the supposed graveyard of conquerors that was Afghanistan.  That didn't stop the doomsayers, of course, and those who were using the word "quagmire" when the war was only hours old. Some people are so eager to see the U.S. in defeat that they are blind. Unfortunately, a great many of those people are writers or commentators in the world media.  Peace is to be cherished. But a clinging to peace when 3,000 of your fellow citizens lie slaughtered in your cities and fields, and the stench of their blood still stains the air -- stewardesses in their uniforms, handing out pillows to sleeping children, getting their throats slit by boxcutters -- to crave only peace in that atmosphere is, I say, a cowardice hardly to be conceived.  And I was raised among Quakers!  The young men of 1914 sought glory and honors and chivalry in their war. I didn't recognize any of that here. I saw a grim determination to punish, and to avenge, and to protect what remained. Those are manly, if dark, qualities.  Based on what I read, most Europeans no longer even recognize those things. Their recommended reaction, for us, was to cut off aid to Israel, hold seminars on "why we deserved this," and maybe file a brief at the World Court in the Hague. They felt a great outpouring of compassion for us, when we were getting slaughtered. The moment we stood up and began to do something about it, they reverted to hating us. As I recall, they looked at us then, in horror, and saw only a nation of sheep. They couldn't have missed the point more completely. They cast their eyes on wolves, and all they saw was sheep. 
     
    


	 
      Abdolkarim Soroush, an Iranian scholar currently at Princeton, is one of the most important thinkers of our day, on a global scale. His  "The Hermeneutical Expansion and Contraction of the Theory of Shariah"  is crucial to anyone who wants to understand the present state of Islam, not just the terrorist splinter of it. After discussing al-Sistani in  urlLink  this article,   he says this:    These grand ayatollahs are not philosophers. They are scholars and jurists concerned with interpreting how religious law should be applied in the modern world. Their concerns are legalistic. That doesn’t make them illiberal either. I know that Ayatollah Ali Sistani did not take a position against my writings when they were presented to him. That, in itself, says a lot. He and the people around him are absolutely open, for example, to the education of women and promotion of women’s rights.    
     
    


	 
         "One writer asked of Bush supporters: Where is your outrage? Meaning where is their outrage about the mistreatment of prisoners at Abu Ghraib and, more broadly, about the idea of invading Iraq in the first place. The writer added that the half of the American population still supporting Bush appear to be beyond reason, and that frightens him.   "It's no surprise that the Abu Ghraib situation has outraged Bush's critics. But, with the exception of Rush Limbaugh's egregious claim that the treatment of the Abu Ghraib prisoners was merely on the level of a college prank, I've heard Bush supporters -- in print, on the radio and in personal conversations -- express enormous regret about the mistreatment of the prisoners and a wide-awake understanding of how greatly the photos have damaged the U.S. cause in the Arab-Muslim world.   "As someone who was lukewarm about the invasion but who is fervent in the belief that we need to be resolute in helping construct a new, positive political order in Iraq now that we're there, the Abu Ghraib matter has left me bewildered and reeling. Initially, I had hoped that the issue would provide a point of bipartisan consensus: The mistreatment was so clear and the fallout so awful that surely all Americans, regardless of party or ideology, could sound a common note about it. That hope was a sign, of course, not of perspicacity but of my rather desperate longing for bipartisanship on foreign policy.  "Arguing over the particulars of policy is more important than debating people's motives, but on the topic of "where is outrage?" I've long been asking a related question:  Where is the passion -- the passion among many Bush critics, regardless of their opposition to the invasion, to making the erection of a new stable order in Iraq a reality? That ought to be a matter of bipartisan consensus. But, judging from their rhetoric, many critics have made a political concern -- their fixation with scoring political points against Bush in an election year -- their main priority.  I've heard little interest or passion from them when the discussion turns to the crucial need of building a new Iraq."     urlLink  AMEN, brother.   
     
    


	 
      I've been corresponding with a young fellow from Spain, who got in touch with me via the etymology dictionary. Although we share word-lore, we mostly talk about world politics, which is natural in these times.  I don't want to mine a personal correspondence for blog material, but he laid out to me a list of reasons for world suspicion of American power. It's a list I have seen many times before. This is based on what I wrote in response, but it is here not as correspondence, rather as a general response to a common list of canards about American power and history:   Criticism:   Power breeds resentment. All great powers in history are resented and criticized.    Answer:  This is true, but this is a reflex, and human beings are not animals. We are not slaves to reflex, especially when we have minds that can distinguish one situation from another. And I see too few anti-Americans make that distinction. They see what America does, and they're against it, without needing to know any more.   Criticism:   Look at what you did to the Native Americans.    Answer:  I love this one. It always kicks off the chronological European recital of America's crimes. As if every murder committed on the continent of North America was, de facto, done by citizens of the United States.  And so, in the twisted European view of history, Cortez strides into Tenochtitlan in MacArthur's tinted sunglasses and corn-cob pipe, waving the stars and stripes, his pockets stuffed with dollar bills. Put down that Chomsky book for a minute and think! You see what happens when the inner anti-Americanism burns so fiercely? The smoke rises and clouds your vision.  By the time the Americans got control of their destiny, in 1783, the number of Indians who had inhabited the continent in 1492 had been slashed by two-thirds or more, by disease, wars, and starvation brought about by colonial policies directed from European capitals and enforced by European military might. Only in the last years of their rule in America did the British adopt a slightly more humane policy toward the Indians, because they found them useful allies in their struggle with the French over Canada -- and because the natives were useful in restraining the growth of the obstreperous colonials.  After the United States took over self-government, their Indian policy largely consisted of removing the natives from the better lands onto the worse ones. Certainly an inhumane treatment, but arguably better than the general European treatment that had prevailed before that, which was to enslave and kill them.  The Indian removal, especially in the decades after the American Civil War, when the frontier collapsed and then closed, cleared the way for millions of immigrants from -- you guessed it -- Europe! When the Sioux got chased off the prairies, their places were taken not so much by native-born Americans but by Norwegians and Germans and Hungarians -- the surplus lives of an overpopulated Europe, which found an outlet in the United States and thus staved off the inevitable famines and revolutions that would have taken place if all these people had stayed home.   Criticism:   America stole half of Mexico in 1848, in a war started under false pretences.    Answer:  Yes, the Mexican War was a great big land-grab. Jemmy Polk mastered the trick that has been useful to American presidents since then: the way to coax the country into a war that many of its people don't want. He maneuvered U.S. troops into a place where they got shot at by the enemy, and the people at home then rallied to the boys in uniform.  [The delicious irony is, a young congressman from Illinois saw through the ruse and condemned it eloquently. And 15 years later that same man, now President Lincoln, used the same trick, to the same effect, at Fort Sumter.]  Yet what was the bigger picture? Mexico was deep in debt to France and Britain. In 1836, France had bombarded, blockaded, and raided Mexico's coast over a demand for 600,000 pesos. A decade later, the Mexican government was in discussion about having its British debt forgiven in exchange for giving the British the province of Upper California (which it probably knew it was destined to lose anyhow, to the Americans, the Russians, the British, or even the Mormons).  The British -- who were then the great power of the world -- coveted the excellent deep-water harbors of San Francisco and San Diego. Polk and his advisors (Buchanan, Slidell, etc.) knew all this, and rightly foresaw that it would be a disaster for the United States if the west coast of the continent fell into the hands of its European rivals, who wanted to keep America weak. So they acted.  It doesn't make it less of a land-grab, from the Mexican perspective, but it puts it in the context of a global game, then dominated by European powers. Typical anti-American tunnel vision, however, presents the United States at all times in history as the world's great superpower, capable of forcing its whims on everyone.   Criticism:   American intervened in the Caribbean basin and Central America, over and over, usually to protect American business interests.    Answer:  A great deal of selfish bullying, of course, much like that going on in the same years all over Asia and Africa, at the hands of Europeans. So Americans are no better and no worse than Europeans. Where does this leave us? How does this end up in Chirac having a right to lecture me about my evil nation?   Criticism:   American failure to stand up to dictators like Spain's Franco allowed them to persist.    Answer:  For most of its history, the U.S. has been trying desperately  not  to be involved in European wars. But pardon me for seeing a double standard here. In the eyes of the world, America does exactly two things wrong: 1. It intervenes in the affairs of other nations, and 2. It fails to intervene in the affairs of other nations.   Criticism:   Americans allied themselves with dictators in the Cold War and fought wars against communist insurgents in the Third World.    Answer:  No doubt we kept friendship with some truly odious characters then. It was a struggle to the death between the U.S. and the U.S.S.R., and it turned into a situation where "the enemy of my enemy is my friend."  It's called  realpolitik.  It's an ugly business, but it's one that Europeans used to be good at. In fact, they invented it. Then they got too noble to even think of doing such a thing (except with Saddam). Which creates another burden for the United States, which sometimes deals realistically with the situations it finds (alliances with Afghan warlords to oppose the Taliban allow the country to be conquered with a minimum loss of life on both sides). Now we have to be scolded by Europeans at the same time.  European descriptions of the Cold War seem to have a false simplicity: America on one side, and all the poor and oppressed people of the world on the other. Left out of this equation is the Soviet Bloc. Stalin? Remember him? A dangerous enemy, which the West defeated by boxing it in and letting its economy lock up. It was a messy kind of war, and many innocents suffered, but at the end the world is better.  Perhaps you've heard of the tens of millions of dead, and the ethnic slaughter of everyone from the Crimean Tartars to the Cambodian intellectuals. If you don't believe me, you can go to Poland, Prague, or Hungary today and ask them if they were better off under Russian rule. Yet the same European intellectuals who spat hatred at America in the 1960s and 1970s told us the East was a paradise of freedom, a much better place to live. Their descendants have learned nothing, and hold up Islamofascists and Palestinian bus bombers as heroes of the anti-American cause.   Criticism:   All these people who have suffered at American hands will never trust or support the U.S.    Answer:  Not true. Look at the Kurds. They have suffered much and have us to thank for it. When we decided to use Saddam as a bulwark against Iran's fundamentalist Islam, we left the Kurds at his mercy, and he gassed and bombed them on a horrific scale. I met Kurds in Europe in 1979 who were fleeing that genocide, and I promised myself to do what I could for them.  Now look at them. They've got a flourishing enclave, protected by American power, and they're as happy as can be. In the recent public opinion survey of Iraqis, not one Kurd, out of thousands surveyed, said his life was worse off now than before the overthrow of Saddam. Do they forget what happened to them in the 1970s? No, of course not. But they understand  realpolitik,  and they also are more interested in attaining their goal of autonomy than in holding a grudge against the one power willing and able to help them get it.  Not all the criticisms can be so easily turned aside.   Criticism:   The U.S. props up corrupt and repressive Middle Eastern regimes.    Answer:  Valid criticism. If it was up to me, that would not happen. It's a mistake. During the Cold War, certain Soviet satellites tried to put some distance between themselves and Russian dictatorship (Romania, Yugoslavia) without giving up their own repressive Soviet-style leadership. The U.S. rightly kept its distance from them, which allowed us to continue to be seen by the repressed people of Eastern Europe as the champion of their freedom.   Criticism:   America has more self-interest than altruism in its Middle Eastern policies. It didn't liberate Kuwait; it returned it to its dictators.    Answer:  Partially right. Putting those cowardly medieval tyrants back on the throne of Kuwait in 1991 was a big mistake, and the more time passes the more tragic it looks. But don't blame the Americans entirely for that. It was a U.N. operation. The U.N. didn't ask for a new Kuwaiti government, based on popular support. Also, the "multilateral" coalition included many Arab states that would never have permitted the U.S. to start shuffling governments in Arab nations. The first Gulf War was an object lesson in the failure of multilateralism and U.N. leadership.   Criticism:   The U.S. Middle Eastern policy, whether it has good motives or not, is tainted by the U.S. dependence on Middle Eastern oil.    Answer:  Absolutely right. One of the good outcomes of the Iraq war was that the U.S. now can pull itself away from Saudi Arabia, our false friend. But to really get where I want us to be, the U.S. has to stop being reliant on Middle Eastern oil. And that, unfortunately, is a culture change that I don't think my fellow citizens are ready to make. We'll never really succeed in the world without a better energy policy, and as much as I want to see that, I don't.  We're tearing ourselves apart over this election, but it doesn't make a difference whether Kerry or Bush sits in the White House; we keep buying those goddamned SUVs, and that limits what any president can reasonably do in the world.  On the other hand, even if we cut ourselves off from Middle Eastern oil tomorrow, I don't think it would convince anyone of our good intentions. Crafty pundits would invent some new nefarious Yankee (or Jewish) self-interest that would be THE REAL REASON for every U.S. policy. 
     
    


	 
      Interesting piece in the Wall Street Journal this morning (I can't link to it because it's password protected), the upshot of which was a vision of a future U.S. military in which a "Leviathan" military force fights wars and a "System Administrator" organizations works independently, doing nation-building work either after a war or instead of one. It makes sense. The hard reality of Iraq is that the kind of "hearts-and-minds" work we're doing now does not necessarily get done best by soldiers and Marines who are still actively engaging a fluid enemy dispersed among civilian populations.  Americans have a tremendous faith in their military organizations (along with a general unwillingness to serve in it). This is the source of much of our current angst. Because these young soldiers and Marines are not necessarily better than the rest of us, and the military organization is just another bureaucracy, prone to the same flat tires and blown valves as any other.  I sense a difference in tone between the shock and revulsion of the Rest of the World to the Abu Ghraib pictures and the shock and revulsion of the Home Front. Along with the common reaction ("how could you be so stupid?" "what sadistic barbarism," etc.) there's a big feeling here in the States of "betrayal." You meet that word in Americans' writing, but I don't see it from overseas. The clowns who did this let everyone else down. It's like finding that your football team won the World Cup, and then learning that a very minor player was using drugs, and that disqualified the whole victory.  Or, as one site I visited puts it:   "Part of the impact of the Abu Ghraib affair has been the sense of betrayal many supporters of the war have felt at finding that some of those they trusted most were least worthy of it. The shock of discovering a Bishop at peepshow comes not so much from a finding that peepshows exist as in accepting that some Bishops watch them. 'Love,' John le Carre once remarked, 'is whatever you can still betray' and it was the mark of how deeply we loved the troops that the abuses of Abu Ghraib have cut so deeply into the soul of the nation. And every betrayal's trademark is the belated realization that we should have suspected it all along."   I can't think of many Europeans who would discuss their military forces in public and use the word "love" without a deep sense of irony or (more likely) sarcasm.  Nor can I think of many Europeans I have read who would write this (also plucked from a Web log this week):   "In a world filled with tyrannical forces that desire all mankind to be in bondage, maintaining a tight grip on the minds and bodies of their prisoners, there must be a counteracting force for freedom somewhere in the world. There must be a nation that will stand as the bastion for freedom, giving hope to millions of enslaved people everywhere, that someday someone somewhere will come to their rescue freeing them from their evil masters. There must be hope for freedom, for democracy, for independence, and for justice...   "If not us who? Who is going to step forward to be the bastion for peace, the supporter of the weak, and keeper of the flame of equality? Who will give hope for a different life to the enslaved millions of the world?"   Yet this is something that anti-Americans mistake. They assume we are as detached and cynical as they are, and therefore when we express idealistic motives for our policies, we must be lying. It seems impossible to them that we could say things like this and really mean it.  But we do.  Americans see the U.S. military as the representatives of America itself in the world. We're ashamed of them when they act poorly and proud of them when they act well. Perhaps it's because our military is so large, relative to our population. So many families have sons and daughters in the services that we tend to think of them collectively as all of our sons.  Yet when I think of the people I know who went into the military after high school, some were good, strong spirits, and would be proud warriors in the old tradition. And some were just average people of no great talent or character, for whom the military was a way to get an education in technologies (cheaper than college). And some were neer-do-wells who went in because if they didn't they'd probably end up in jail or worse, and the military was a chance to get some self-discipline. I don't know enough to make a rough estimate of the proportion of the three groups. And I think it varies by region. The South perhaps tends to produce more pure soldiers. The military tradition is greater there and there are many military academy high schools.  Yet there are good reasons we love our military. One of its best qualities is that it is absolutely the most integrated segment of American society. It is color-blind: every ethnicity is represented at every level, and not just because of a desire to promote minorities; they got there by the same skill (or bureaucratic efficiency) as everyone else, and they know it. So far, out of the Iraq war, we've seen top military leadership that is black, white, Hispanic, Filipino, and Arab-American.  The flip-side of that positive effort is a deep resentment of Americans who trash-talk the military and spout endlessly about its brutality and criminality, and tell the world that the Abu Ghraib pictures show the true face of American men and women in uniform. People here feel, probably with some justification, every time a Michael Moore opens his mouth, a U.S. soldier bites the dust. They pay the price for freedom of speech quite literally.  
     
    


	 
      My Spanish friend calls me "Von Rauffenstein," after the militaristic Prussian aristocrat in "The Grand Illusion." It's an identification I accept. It's been a long evolution, but I've come to appreciate the role -- the essential role -- of natural aristocracies in a civilized society. And the role of horoable warriors, too. It seems to me Von Rauffenstein represented to old values that World War I was sweeping away.  This was a period of history that came to my mind much in the past few weeks, when everything seems so dark and when it seems like the American bid to redeem Western civilization and defend it from the Islamofascist attack has gone so horribly wrong, and we are destined to fail, with terrible consequences. That the people who apologize for their sins, who punish their transgressors, are going to lose -- really lose -- to the people who parade around with the heads of their enemies and who make their mass murderers into heroes.  I remember how it seemed World War I destroyed everything worthwhile.  I think of Pound's lines:  THERE died a myriad,  And of the best, among them,  For an old bitch gone in the teeth,  For a botched civilization, -  Charm, smiling at the good mouth,  Quick eyes gone under earth's lid, -  For two gross of broken statues,  For a few thousand battered books.  Yet it survived. It is stronger than the chthonic powers that would tear it apart, from within and without. 
     
    


	 
      Berg had traveled several times to Third World countries to help spread technology, his family said. He had previously traveled to Kenya and Ghana, where they said he had bought a $900 brick-making press for a poor village, the family said.   Michael Berg described himself as fervently anti-war, but said his son disagreed. "He was a Bush supporter," Berg said. "He looked at it as bringing democracy to a country that didn't have it."  His father said Berg returned from his trip to Ghana emaciated because he gave away most of his food, and the only possessions he had were the clothes on his back.  
     
    


	 
       "Even the verbal abuse heaped on me during class by students, and the daily glares from the key lady, felt too empty and passionless to be very revelatory. The students weren't militant about their anti-Americanism, or about much of anything. History had rendered them too cynical for any level of fervor. Their antagonism felt vestigial, the persistently acrid smell of the cold war tinged with envy and the bitter odor of half-truth doled out by a sleazy press."    urlLink  In Central Asia, an American Professor Finds Hostility Spiked With Cynicism    By Elinor Burkett 
     
    


	 
      A "liberal" is someone who believes that change can be good, especially when it is guided by a spirit of free inquiry and it aims to increase human freedom and give people more opportunities to guide their own lives. A liberal believes people are basically good, and they can, and want to, make their lives better. It's a faith enshrined in Bobby Kennedy's quote (nicked from G.B. Shaw) about "seeing things that never were" and saying "why not?"  A "liberal" is someone who believes the Enlightenment values enshrined in the constitutions of the Western democracies are true human values, not merely cultural artifacts. That these nations are worthy not because they have some gift from god, not because their citizens are better than those of other lands, but because they have set up these principles as their collective guide and they have committed themselves to live by them, when right, and be corrected by them, when wrong.  I grew up thinking that, and I identified myself as a liberal. What I saw as the opposition was ... well, everything opposite to this. It was many things: Hidebound religious orthodoxy, knee-jerk refusal to think and apply one's mind to political problems, insistence that any change was only going to make things worse. These often could be grouped under the label "conservative."  At that time, during the Cold War, "left" and "right" generally were seen in terms of "communist" and "anti-communist." But this was a false dichotomy and I got an early education in that.  Twice, in the late 1970s, when I was a teen-ager, I lived in West Berlin and spent some time across the wall in East Germany. It was the most "conservative" place I have ever been. Nothing changed. Ever. No one experimented. It lacked color, even on a sunny day; no discos, no pool halls. The neon decadence of the Ku-damm in West Berlin might have been on another planet, not just across the wall. With other students, I took a tour of some of the historic sites in the East -- Potsdam, Frederick the Great's palaces, etc. Our tour guide was an employee of the state. No doubt she was chosen particularly to lead this cluster of young Americans. Perhaps they thought they had picked someone to convince us of the virtues of the People's Republic.  A few of us, including our American teacher guide, spent a lot of time up at the front of the bus between stops, chatting with her. She was a matronly woman, good-natured and honest. We probed her about life in the DDR. She said she would never want to live anywhere else. It suited her just fine. In upholding the virtues of her system, she said something I'll always remember: "when my children go out of the house, I don't have to worry about where they are."  At one of the palaces on this tour, we happened to pass a line of Hungarian students of about our own age (guided by their own government-supplied minder). They practically broke through the velvet ropes to get to us and pepper us with questions about life in America. They scrawled down addresses and pressed them on us. By the time our respective guides had herded us all on, we on the U.S. side got a clear impression of their restlessness and their hunger for a way of life we took for granted.  This was odd because, back in the U.S., all the anti-com-ya-nists I knew were grumps and blue-hairs who saw the Beatles and blue jeans as evidences of socialist corruption, and all the self-professed communists were layabout bohemians with "Che" buttons on their ratty army surplus jackets. It was easy to see which of them would have found life better in the Worker's Paradise.  So "communist" and "anti-communist" wasn't what I felt. Just like the late '60s false dichotomy of hippies and construction workers. It was an accidental identification. If you want to meet a conservative war supporter today, go to a college campus. If you want to meet a hairy, dope-smoking hedonist, go to a construction site.  But I didn't see at the time how much of the "liberal" view was simply an anti-American one. Many of the people advocating it didn't really care about Marxism-Leninism, except insofar as the idea of their advocating it pissed off their parents. Many of them also didn't really care about North Vietnamese or South Africans, except insofar as those people were shaking their fists at the company daddy runs.  In Europe, I also met Kurds. I met them in taverns and hostels in Nuremburg, because, for some reason, the small town of Fürth, near there, was a center for black market passports. They were refugees who had escaped ahead of Saddam's death squads after the U.S. had pulled its support from them. This was the moment Iraq shifted from Soviet satellite to U.S. client in containing the Ayatollah. These Kurds weren't bitter. They understood war and politics and betrayal. They wanted to come to the U.S., too, to bide their time and live the life.  When I read about Kurdistan today, I wonder if any of the young men I met in Nuremburg in 1979 survived and are now among the leaders of that reborn land. I was on their side instinctively in 1979; I'm on their side now. An indigenous non-Christian tribal people, victims of decades of official repression, fascist attempts to eradicate their culture and literally wipe them off the face of the earth. Brutally murdered with the complicity -- at least -- of the U.S. government. This ought to be a no-brainer for a true "liberal."  But instead the liberals I know have no interest at all in the Kurds, because the Kurds made the unforgivable mistake of liberating themselves with the help of American military power. That makes them the bad guys, because the only indigenous people a modern liberal approves are those that burn American flags.  It's been a year and a half since Ron Rosenbaum's brilliant farewell to "Left Idiocies," but I feel more strongly than ever my identification with his kiss-off:    Goodbye to a culture of blindness that tolerates, as part of "peace marches," women wearing suicide-bomber belts as bikinis. (See the accompanying photo of the "peace" march in Madrid. "Peace" somehow doesn’t exclude blowing up Jewish children.)  Goodbye to the brilliant thinkers of the Left who believe it’s the very height of wit to make fun of George W. Bush’s intelligence—thereby establishing, of course, how very, very smart they are. Mr. Bush may not be the sharpest knife in the drawer (I think he’s more ill-informed and lazy than dumb). But they are guilty of a historical stupidity on a far greater scale, in their blind spot about Marxist genocides. It’s a failure of self-knowledge and intellectual responsibility that far outweighs Bush’s, because they’re supposed to be so very smart.  Goodbye to paralysis by moral equivalence: Remind me again, was it John Ashcroft or Fidel Castro who put H.I.V. sufferers in concentration camps?  Goodbye to the deluded and pathetic sophistry of postmodernists of the Left, who believe their unreadable, jargon-clotted theory-sophistry somehow helps liberate the wretched of the earth. If they really believe in serving the cause of liberation, why don’t they quit their evil-capitalist-subsidized jobs and go teach literacy in a Third World starved for the insights of Foucault?  Goodbye to people who have demonstrated that what terror means to them is the terror of ever having to admit they were wrong, the terror of allowing the hideous facts of history to impinge upon their insulated ideology.   Goodbye to all those who have evidently adopted as their own, a version of the simpering motto of the movie Love Story. Remember "Love means never having to say you’re sorry"?       
     
    


	 
      I can't wait for Kerry to win. Can't wait, can't wait, can't wait. Because I can't wait to invite a large number of people to shut their pie-holes and climb out of the peanut gallery and explain why they support his solutions and why his policies are working. People who are so glib and delighted about everything that goes wrong, without committing themselves to having a clue how to do it right. They'll also have to grin and pretend they have a clue about Iraq, unless they really want to have a clue, which would require both reading and thinking, so don't hold your breath.   You might be my co-worker if ...   Three thousand of your fellow citizens are slaughtered in cold blood, incinerated at their desks, forced to jump from awful heights, or wallowing in their own blood on the floors of airliners and your solution is "Condemn foreign aid to Israel and rent another Michael Moore video."
     
    


	 
      Put the U.N. in charge of Iraq today, and by tomorrow it's likely to  urlLink  start looking like Kosovo:     German troops serving with the Kfor international peacekeeping contingent in Kosovo have been accused of hiding in barracks "like frightened rabbits" during the inter-ethnic rioting that erupted in the province in March.    
     
    


	 
        While it is important to punish everyone responsible for the outrages at Abu Ghraib, the only effective way to stop the corrupting influences of war is to achieve victory. Japanese tourists are welcome in Asia everywhere today because the Second World War ended in 1945. And if by contrast Palestinians hand out sweets whenever a Jewish orphanage and Old Folk's home is bombed it may be because the UN refugee camps there celebrated their 50th anniversary in 1998. If the outrages at Abu Ghraib hasten the end of war it will not have been in vain, but if they lead, as the Left most earnestly desires, to a Vietnam-like stalemate, it will be not the last but the first of many sad mileposts.  ... One day Ted Koppel will read, in addition to the names of American soldiers who died in Iraq, the names of friends who will have died in another attack on New York. One day Nicholas de Genovea, the Columbia professor who called for a "million Mogadishus" will understand that it means a billion dead Muslims. And then for the first time, perhaps, they will understand the horror of Abu Ghraib while we all raise our glasses,  sardonically like Robert Graves, "with affection, to the men we used to be".     urlLink  Poignant and poetic, sad words for a tragic time. Thank you, Belmont Club.  
     
    


	 
      It is possible both to burn with personal shame and rage at the fools Abu Ghraib, who threw away so much for so little, and at the same time to remind other people to keep  the reaction to  their criminal folly in perspective. The incident itself is one thing; the way it has been received around the world is another. Here's a good example of perspective, by a voice from the Middle East that is no American lackey:   Absolutes are appealing, but in imposing them, moralists must consider two points: That only a system which responds to censure through amelioration can eventually set lawful standards of behavior; and that some of Washington's more zealous Middle Eastern critics often avoided applying a universal ethical yardstick when considering what took place under Saddam - even as the US today accepts their moral privilege to condemn its actions in Abu Ghraib.  There is no justification (let alone a politically expedient rationale) for a host of recent American undertakings in Iraq - whether the mistreatment of Iraqi prisoners or the bombardment of civilians in Falluja. However, there is also no excuse for denying that what we have seen in the past week in the US has been the thrashing about of a democratic system that feels disgraced by the behavior of several of its citizens, and that intends to rectify matters.   The Egyptian playwright Ali Salem told me recently that the true indignity of the Iraq war was that it was not Arabs who had overthrown Saddam Hussein. He was right. As Arabs examine the photographs from Abu Ghraib and read about American misconduct there, they might reflect less on what this says about the US, which usually ponders its worst excesses, than what it says about their own systems, where such images could only have been glimpsed over the carcass of an overthrown regime.    urlLink  Abu Ghraib, or how to lose some perspective on a very foul affair,   in the (Lebanon) "Daily Star."
     
    


	 
      The amazing  urlLink  North County Times   comes through again. (Hat tip to  urlLink "Citizen" Smash )  For extra credit, want to get up a pool about how long it takes for one of the Michael Moore clones to photoshop something really vile into one of these loving greetings home, and then post it all over the anti-war blogs?  A lie gets halfway around the world before the truth has a chance to get its pants on.  -- Winston Churchill
     
    


	 
       urlLink  Essential for agruing this on any level, because people who yap about it seem to be unclear about what happened when.  
     
    


	 
        1.  In 1983 the Indiana University historian Robert F. Byrnes collected essays from 35 experts on the Soviet Union -- the cream of American academia -- in a book titled  After Brezhnev.  Their conclusion: Any U.S. thought of winning the Cold War was a pipe dream. "The Soviet Union is going to remain a stable state, with a very stable, conservative, immobile government," Byrnes said in an interview, summing up the book. "We don’t see any collapse or weakening of the Soviet system."  Barely six years later, the Soviet empire began falling apart. By 1991 it had vanished from the face of the earth. Did Professor Byrnes call a press conference to offer an apology for the collective stupidity of his colleagues, or for his part in recording it? Did he edit a new work titled  Gosh, We Didn’t Know Our Ass From Our Elbow?  Hardly. Being part of the American chattering class means never having to say you’re sorry.   From  urlLink  Glenn Garvin's review of "In Denial: Historians, Communism and Espionage," in this month's edition of Reasononline.     2.  I find that I cannot shake a memory of something I read years ago in one of Shirley MacLaine's memoirs. The work of Ms. MacLaine might seem an odd thing to reference here, but bear with me. I write from memory. She was a young movie star. It was the 1950s. She had appeared in a film that was at least implicitly critical of the United States. She came under fire from some critics:  Why can't you people in Hollywood be more positive? Your work encourages anti-American propaganda.  She didn't think this was true, but she wasn't exactly a world-class thinker so it didn't matter. What did matter is what she threw away at the end of her story. She went to an international film festival and talked with an anti-American intellectual. He told her something like, "The first time I ever thought maybe your country was something special was when I saw your movie and saw how critical Hollywood is allowed to be. You must really have some kind of freedom."   Peggy Noonan in WSJ, on  urlLink  "A Humiliation for America: Why the abuse of Iraqi prisoners is so disheartening,"   and like many of us trying to trace thread of hope through the dark maze.   3.  If anyone wanted to argue that torture is a matter of routine in many of the countries whose official media now express such shock, they would have to argue by way of double standards. This case would collapse at once and of its own weight if the standard was to become a single one, or if one torturer became an excuse for another. This point doesn't completely apply to the media themselves, who have yet to show the video execution of an Italian civilian kidnapped by Iraqi jihadists, or indeed many other lurid atrocities. But there's no hypocrisy in holding self-proclaimed liberators to a higher standard.    urlLink  Hitchens, of course, whose rage in other parts of this piece comes close to hitting the temperature I feel, and the word for it: Betrayal. By cheap S&M porn-scum sleazebag prison guards.  
     
    


	 
      It becomes possible to think that way. If this were a sports team, this would be the point at which you think about firing the coach to try to salvage the season. The only trouble with that is the guy who's the only alternative. Every time he  urlLink  says something sensible,   it seems that within 24 hours he turns around and  urlLink  says something boneheaded.   But then maybe that's what they've been trying to tell us about him all along.  Maybe we will end up being to the Middle East what France was to Europe. Under Napoleon, they liberated Germany, Italy, Spain and Poland from brutal, backwards rulers. And their armies spread the concept of liberty and democracy, more by examples than by organized action. And yet they ended up being the object of insurgencies and revolts among the very people they had liberated.  What we won't have is a congress of reactionary powers joining forces to drive us out and re-impose the old order. But those seeds of liberty remained, and within a few lifetimes the nations he had touched rose up and freed themselves.  It's not what I want. But after this week, the line between realism and pessimism seems less distinct.
     
    


	 
      It's been a "horrific" week for anyone who had high hopes for Iraq. I find myself every day reconsidering whether to settle for the simply "nationalist" solution: get rid of the dictator, catch the relevant bad guys, launch a functioning and decent, if not particularly robust, native government, and call that a win. That was what the U.S. did in Afghanistan (except we're still chasing bad guy #1).  For Iraq, I sought a neo-imperialist solution: to actually craft a true, open, secular Middle-Eastern democracy in a place that hadn't known the rule of law, except sporadically, in thousands of years. The country was a dysfunctional mess to begin with -- a better candidate would have been Kuwait in 1991, but it's too late to undo that error.  There was a lot of sheer will power and hope in this desire. Would Bush, a leader I did not much respect, emerge as a true war president? Would the U.S. military, so fine at killing enemies and tanks in the name of the government, be able to lead a nation into freedom after defeating its military might? The historical record offered little proof of any of that.  But it was worth the effort; it was a noble enterprise. And I have to keep reminding myself that I said at the outset, it will be 20 years before we know if this was a good idea or not.  Meanwhile, the splendid  urlLink  Andrew Sullivan   gives me something else to hope for: that the playing out of the Abu Ghraib mess will serve as an object lesson to those who are watching closely around the world:    "Americans are no better and no worse as human beings than anyone else. They can become savages as well. But our system -- the open press, the internal reviews, the democratic accountability - minimizes the damage of our flawed human nature. I hope that this incident demonstrates to the Iraqi people that it's the system that we're trying to help them build. This system is not American. It is simply the best of the worst options for human government there is. They deserve it, after the terror of so long a tyranny. We need to hang in there. Through the inevitable mess and mistakes, the goal is clear and noble and essential."      urlLink  From what I read from Iraqis, that may be happening, to some extent.   I'm not so sanguine about our "open press," however. Maybe less confident of it than I am of ultimate Iraqi freedom. It wasn't the media that uncovered the prison abuses. The military system did that, and the investigation and damning reports all came about internally. The lazy media pundits just sat on their butts and watched the military's work broadcast on CBS, like everyone else, and then ran out and mounted their high horses.  The election year gets uglier. The number of undecided voters is truly small, so the candidates stay in their bases for the most part, and try to tease the outsiders in with weasel words (Kerry) or shock them in with crude attacks (Bush). And really the difference between what you're going to get in the next four years, in terms of direct government, is minimal. More troops will have to go to Iraq. The U.N. won't be much help. The economy will continue to slowly improve. But deficits will have to be trimmed. And so forth.  It looks more and more to me like the 1820s, when party distinctions vanished and mere personalities drove the elections. The mis-called "Era of Good Feelings" was one of the nastiest in U.S. history.  "Doonesbury" is doing a take on that this week (the modern divisiveness, not the 1820s), but typically seeing it only from the "Bush" side, with the result that the strip is all straw man, little reality.  In this political lanscape each faction is personified by a hateful belching volcano (Moore-faced on the left, Limbaugh-headed on the right). It looks like the waste of Mordor in between. I long for some place where people can discuss and even disagree without veins popping on throats and foreheads.   urlLink  IMAO   offers a nice set of ground-rules for such a hypothetical discussion.    Most often people will disagree on issues of the day, but just because someone doesn't think like you doesn't mean you should call him evil and kill him. That's what Islamic extremists and the majority of posters at Democratic Underground would do. Instead, following these steps you can have a nice discussion with someone with different viewpoints and both come out of it smarter.    This stuff used to be understood, in a civil culture. We have got to re-learn it, I'm afraid.
     
    


	 
      Of why it's  urlLink  not possible to simply walk away and quit.   Too many good people have died. Too many lives have been torn. This is not Ted Koppel trying to do for the U.S. in Iraq what "Life" magazine did for the U.S. in Vietnam in the 1960s. These are not sneaky photos of caskets at Dover. These pictures are from news wires. Some families whose loved ones died in Iraq have chosen to open their grief to us. They have allowed press photographers at the funerals. We owe it to them to look, to swallow hard, to remember, and to work harder to do this job right.  (But another type of mind looks at these pictures, and gloats, and thinks:    I'm sorry, but the majority of Americans supported this war once it began and, sadly, that majority must now sacrifice their children until enough blood has been let that maybe -- just maybe -- God and the Iraqi people will forgive us in the end.  -- Michael Moore)   
     
    


	 
      Have a hard time telling them apart much of the time? So do I.  urlLink  This excellent article by Jean-Francois Revel   helps to explain why, and to put it into historical perspective.   We French have had little to say against Saddam Hussein, Muammar Qaddafi, Kim Jong Il, Fidel Castro, Robert Mugabe, the imams of the Islamic Republic of Iran, or the bosses of China and Vietnam. We reserve our admonitions and our contempt and our attacks for the U.S., for Ronald Reagan and George W. Bush, and for Europeans like Margaret Thatcher, Silvio Berlusconi, and Tony Blair, because they are insufficiently hostile to capitalism. Our enemy is not the dictator but the free market economy.  Anti-globalizers make the same mistake. What’s important to them is not the eradication of poverty. Rather, it is the propaganda value they gain from linking poverty to the spreading market economy. But this puts them on the wrong side of all evidence, of reality, of history.  
     
    


	 
      By far the best parsing of the media reports coming out of Fallujah has been at  urlLink  The Belmont Club.   The latest posts there deal in the political scene, both in the U.S. and in Iraq, and are as worth reading as the military analysis. Money line:    Clemenceau famously said that "war is too important to be left to the generals". Perhaps he should have added that occupation is too important to be left entirely to the diplomats.    
     
    


	 
      Well, I took my career in my hands last night and dangled it over the abyss, as reckless as Steve Irwin on too much cough syrup. On our front-page we were about to run a New York Times story (we subscribe to their wire service) on the fallout from the Abu Ghraib mess. It contained prominently the phrase,  "... the horrific descriptions and photographs that have emerged in recent days of acts of humiliation, sexual and otherwise, at Abu Ghraib prison ..."   I read this several times, then suggested to my fellow copy editors that perhaps the word  "horrific"  was hyperbole, and that simply describing "acts of humiliation, sexual and otherwise," was sufficient. Also (though I didn't say this much out loud), perhaps we can safely trust the readers, who had seen the pictures and read the descriptions, to have their own emotional reactions, and know what they were and give a name to them, without being told what to feel by the NYT.  My reaction to the pictures and descriptions, for instance, was revulsion, a need to re-check my moral principles against the difficult decision to have this war right now, and rage at the handful of idiots who risked an entire century for some jackass stunt. (My reaction on seeing the full Army report of them, today, is even stronger).  But "horrific?" No, this wasn't the stuff of horror movies. In itself, it was the stuff of hell night a Phi Kappa Sigma when I lived across the quad from their house at Dickinson. Culturally, it was a brutal insult. Politically, it was a disaster. But "horrific?" Twelve-foot-tall spiders are horrific. No: bodies burned and mutilated and torn apart and hung up on bridges are horrific.  urlLink  Men with machine guns executing little girls and then videotaping the scene while the babies bleed to death in their car seats.   That's horrific.  But I didn't say that, either. I asked if we could agree to drop that one word. At first I got blank stares. Part of it, perhaps, was incredulity that I, or any of us, would presume to rewrite the prose of a NYT story. Copy-editing them usually is limited by custom to fixing their many misplaced commas. Who was I, a small-town ink-stained wretch, to presume to know journalism better than the Gray Lady?  And to make matters worse for myself, I recommended a change in a direction that could only be interpreted in many minds here as "supporting that asshole Bush." Remember this is a place where I hear almost daily, from a variety of sources, that no sane person could fail to vote for John Kerry. These are the same copy editors who wanted to remove a mild insult to the French from an account of a patriotic rally. The mayor had said it in public, but it was deemed too "editorial" for a news story. My attempt, the last time I was given a wire page to fill, to include a picture of Nazi-style desecration of a Jewish cemetery in France likewise was objected to as not newsworthy.  At first, consent was granted to remove "horrific" -- as long as it was replaced with something equally strong. I pointed out that "acts of humiliation, sexual and otherwise" seemed to describe the crimes pretty well, and that adding more adjectives was redundant. No further objection was made, but I had to pick up the paper this morning to be sure the change I suggested had been made and approved at the top. It was. Chalk up one small victory for sanity.  My editorials, meanwhile, used to be solicited and praised. Now those I've offered haven't been running. I guess it was finally discovered that they have a tendency to focus on the importance of the war effort, not on the things that go wrong with it. 
     
    


	 
      Here's a good run-down on the  urlLink  controversy over the cartoon about Pat Tillman,   by an "artist" whose name I do not care to repeat.  A number of people have written to the sources that published this piece of work, expressing their opinions about it. I added my voice, with particular reference to my position in the media:    Universal Press Syndicate: Lee Salem  lsalem@amuniversal.com  Mr. Salem,  I'm writing to you as a private citizen, but I also happen to be an editor at a newspaper that runs some UPS material. I often am asked by my editor to vet potential columns and services that the paper is considering picking up.  Like many people, I was repulsed by cartoonist Rall's take on the death of Pat Tillman. Being in journalism, I have a commitment to free speech that I'm sure you share. But I also have an awareness of the responsibility of the job, which tells me that, just because you CAN say anything doesn't mean you SHOULD say everything. This piece of work seems to me to clearly stand on the wrong side of that line.  I'm looking forward to what response UPS will take to this situation. I would like to continue your organization in my esteem.  Best wishes, Doug Harper   
     
    


	 
        Let me register at this point the curiously unreflective way in which [Scott] Lucas appears to define dissent. It is, as far as I can see, to have views that are different to the line of the government. But Lucas cannot be bothered to deal with one obvious problem, which is the question of what constitutes dissent in a country where the government is opposed to, say, the war in Iraq. Who is the dissenter in France, or Germany, or Russia? Let alone Syria or Saudi Arabia.  Lucas confers all intellectual virtue on his friends and vice upon his enemies. Those he agrees with are invariably "cogent" or "acerbic", whereas only his opponents can be "smug" or "crude". Far worse, however, is his Olympian ascription of motive, which eventually leads to farce. At one point Lucas writes that, "By intention or convenient coincidence the War on Iraq could divert attention from the 'quagmire' on the West Bank." It is pretty daft to claim that the coalition may, "by intention", have launched a full-scale invasion of a country thousands of miles away, in the hope that it would make people forget about Palestine.    "Guardian" columnist  urlLink  David Aaronovitch  , scathing Scott Lucas' "The Betrayal of Dissent: beyond Orwell, Hitchens and the new American century" in the "New Statesman."   urlLink  Go and read the whole thing.   And don't miss the conclusion:    My eventual support for the war to get rid of Saddam Hussein has earned me letters and e-mails calling me a wanker, brown-nose, arse-licker, propagandist, warmonger, Zionist, Islamophobe, neoconservative, glorifier of slaughter and murderer by proxy. Old friends say I have gone mad, old comrades that I have become an apostate and committed heresy. My father, I am told by a veteran communist who seems to know nothing about what Iraqi communists are saying today, would be turning in his grave.  And not because I have "suppressed" anything but because (and this is the real point), like Hitchens and others, I have put the other side of the argument, have argued what many Kurds and Iraqis and Sierra Leoneans and Bosnians know - that there is a leftist case for intervention, just as there is a leftist case against it. It is this second case that Lucas is unequipped, or unwilling, or too scared to make.   
     
    


	 
      We run an "ask the doctor" column at the newspaper where I work. It's one of my jobs to edit it. Usually the first question is something bland, like, "what can you tell me about sore throats?" But after he answers that, the doctor (I'm not making this up: his name is "Dr. Gott") will print "the second question." And buried down there at the bottom of the column is often something howlingly funny, like, "Dear Dr. Gott: Every day at 4:40 a.m. my cock turns neon blue. Is this usual."  "The second question" is now my way of expressing the really juicy bits of a story that the reporter (or editor) saw fit to work in well down the text, long past the jump break, where not one reader in 5 is likely to see it.  After the carnage this weekend in Yanbu (a city I encountered for the first time last week, reading T.E. Lawrence's "Revolt in the Desert"), the BBC offers  urlLink  this account.    Well down the column comes an interesting bit of description of what the thugs did after they drove into a school compound with the shreds of a Westerner's body tied to their bumper. They got the students' attention with a burst of gunfire:    There the gunmen fired into the air to attract attention before shouting: "God is great, come to join your brothers in Falluja."   One of the schoolboys watching said the men pointed to the bloodied and badly damaged corpse, screaming: "This is the American president."    Yes, very nice, thank you. But after that comes this:    Crown Prince Abdullah, the leading Saudi royal, has promised to use an "iron fist" to crush terrorism.  He also [said?] Jewish interests were behind the attacks.     Now, pick up your jaw, please, and put it back together, because you're going to need to drop it again as soon as you read the line right after that, which is the BBC's way of putting this cowardly lie into context:    It is not clear if those were remarks for domestic consumption or if that really is the Saudi assessment of the source of violence in the kingdom, our correspondent says.    My first thought was, "As if it makes a difference!" But then I realized this is exactly the right question to ask in writing about this two-faced false friend.  
     
    


	 
       urlLink  The Guardian   laments the fading of the popular movement to halt the growth of nuclear weapons arsenals. This once was a defining cause for the left, and in my days of association with it, in the late 1970s, it was still very much alive, both in America and in Europe. It seems things have changed.    In 1958, some 15,000 people set off for this sleepy corner of Berkshire to protest outside the AWE. Over the following five years they came in ever increasing numbers and from ever further afield, from Pakistan and Sweden to India, Cyprus and Iraq, from Malta, South Africa, France, Ghana and Nigeria, trudging through rain and sometimes snow.   Some 46 years later, a 200-strong reception party awaits these 300 road-weary marchers outside the austere AWE building today. There are tents and teepees and refreshment stalls around the main gates and the main camp in Bluebell Wood. Tethered to the barbed wire are home-crafted banners reading "Women for Peace" and "No War", alongside more official notices reminding us that the premises are protected by police guard dogs and that we are at all times under CCTV surveillance.   It is, by any measure, a disappointing showing.    Now, this is sad, because stopping the spread of nuclear weapons is a valid cause that ought to transcend left and right. And it does, but it draws people differently. In the 1960s and '70s, the issue in Western Europe and the U.S. was to condemn Americans for their nuclear arsenal (not used since its infancy) and to make the deployment of American military power as difficult as possible.  Now, the nuclear threat remains; if anything, it's worse than it was in 1958. But it's also more complicated. It involves non-Western nations like Pakistan and Iran and North Korea. It seems many of the people who felt the fire in their bellies to march against American nukes can't be bothered to do the same when they fall into the hands of people who were, or might be, or might fear to be, oppressed by Americans.  Bruce Kent, an official in a British anti-nuclear organization, typically sees the thing right but upside down: "People have just got complacent," he said in the "Guardian" article. "People seem to think that nuclear weapons in the hands of countries such as North Korea or Libya or Iraq are bad but in our hands they're reasonable, and that, in some sense, has been sold to the public."  No, a great many people see nuclear weapons in the hands of Iraq or North Korea (and ultimately in the hands of al-Qaida types who boast that as soon as they get one they'll take out an Israeli city) as a big problem. And they're thinking about it, and trying to do something about it. But hanging out with aging hippies in a British pasture isn't high on the list.  It's possible (but probably inaccurate) to take the 15,000-to-500 ratio as the ratio of people in those organizations who simply reflexively oppose American power to people who are serious about the threat of nuclear weapons. After all, what are Kent and his companions doing about Libya? And if the U.S. still has a nuclear arsenal, and Libya is giving up its aspirations to have one, is his approach to the thing better than Dubya's?  Plenty of wingnuts on the right simply opposed anything that the U.S.S.R. embraced, whether the thing itself was good or bad. But it also seems to me the John Birch types largely have been marginalized in the "conservative" wing, while the "loony" contingent has claimed a lot of core ground in the intellectual circles of the "left." Think of Chomsky denying the Cambodian holocaust because, well, any indigenous power that rises up to oppose American hegemony must, de facto, be a good and benevolent thing (hell, think of a turgid, tenured professor at MIT being held up as the champion of the world's oppressed).  It also seems to me that more people who are labeled "right" take the time to develop consistent ethical and intellectual positions, and to stick with them even into uncomfortable situations. Simply opposing anything an American leader wants to do is, like, so much easier.
     
    


	 
      The number two top story on the Yahoo newswire right now is the AP article titled  urlLink  Iraqi Prisoner Details Abuse by Americans    It tells the tale of one Dhia al-Shweiri, described as "a die-hard fighter in the al-Mahdi Army." It leads off with 12 graphs on the "pattern of torture" by coalition forces and the "systematic abuse" of prisoners, reports of which, we are assured, "were widely dismissed as politically motivated" (but never told "by whom").  Then, long after the angry reader has already taken his snootful of America-hated and moved on to the next tale of outrage, the subject of the article gets to explain exactly what awful thing was done to him by the Great Satan's minions. Shield your children, America, it's shocking reading:    Al-Shweiri, who was arrested by the Americans in October, said he was asked to take off his clothes only once and for about 15 minutes.   "I thought they wanted me to change into the red prison uniform, so I took off my clothes, down to my underwear. Then he asked me to take off my underwear. I started arguing with him but in the end he made me take off my underwear," said al-Shweiri, who was too embarrassed to go into too much detail.   He said he and six other prisoners — all hooded — had to face the wall and bend over a little as they put their hands on the wall.   "They made us stand in a way that I am ashamed to describe. They came to look at us as we stood there. They knew this would humiliate us," he said, adding that he was not sodomized.   "They were trying to humiliate us, break our pride. We are men. It's OK if they beat me. Beatings don't hurt us, it's just a blow. But no one would want their manhood to be shattered," he said.    So, in other words, it was sort of like a physical exam for the high school football team.  A little perspective with that outrage, please.  
     
    


	 
      It turns out that one of my favorite bloggers, Willow, has some experience in military interrogation, and her take on the idiots in Abu Ghraib is as  urlLink  full of passion as it is of informed perspective.  
     
    


	 
      "Islam Online" is a news service that gives the truth about the Mideast from, I suppose you'd call it a "non- American" perspective. Here's a sampling, headlined "Palestinian Fighters Kill Five Israeli Settlers."    GAZA CITY, May 2 (IslamOnline.net & News Agencies) - Five Israeli settlers were killed Sunday, May 2, and three soldiers injured in a Palestinian resistance attack on an Israeli settlement in occupied southern Gaza.  Two Palestinian fighters disguised as shepherds ambushed two cars of Israeli settlers near the Kissufim road, which leads to the major Gush Katif settlement bloc, witnesses told IslamOnline.net.  The Palestinian resistance groups Islamic Jihad and the Popular Resistance Committees claimed the attack.  Earlier, media outlets said the operation was claimed Hamas armed wing Ezzudin Al-Qassam Brigades, which later denied responsibility, but praised the “heroic operation”.    The dead were a 34-year-old woman, 8 months pregnant, and her four little girls, ages 2 to 11. I can well understand the threat a 2-year-old girl posed, that would require the brave "resistance" (one of whom is pictured at left) to spray her with machine gun fire.  It wasn't a misake, by the way. According to the "Jerusalem Post," Tali Hatuel, 34, who was 8 months pregnant, and her daughters, Hila, 11, Hadar, nine, Roni, seven, and Merav, two, were shot at point-blank range, after initial gunshots brought their car to a halt. The terrorists then sprayed the car with bullets to ensure that all the occupants were dead.  Hey, I have an idea: let's bend our power toward helping these people get a country.
     
    


	 
      I'm sorry that John Kerry dropped the idea of a tax on gasoline, because it was one of the best things he's proposed, and we need it. I'd like to see gas cost at least three times as much at the pump as it does now. That would push forward toward a resolution of some of the worst problems the country faces.  It would be more equitable as a tax, because it would fall harder on the rich or those who choose luxuries over practicalities. Nobody made you buy that SUV. Some relief structure would have to be built in for necessary work such as doctors in rural counties, but that could be handled in the tax codes. As things now stand, everyone, frugal or not, pays taxes that subsidize the current (relatively) low price of gas.  It would begin to change America's collective lifestyle for the better. People would walk more, bicycle more. That would help slow the obesity epidemic. It would make inner cities more appealing as places to work and live. That would turn the tide on another frustrating cancer in the nation.  It would encourage car companies to bite the bullet and make more fuel-efficient vehicles. And it would pile on incentives for research into alternate energy sources. If people drive less, pollution levels will subside, and if people use less gasoline, we'll be less inclined to drill for it in fragile environments.  Americans would continue to buy gas, of course, but more of the money we spend on it would go into the government services we need, rather than into the pockets of our false friends the oil sheiks, who use it to fill mosques and madrassahs around the world with West-hating Wahhabist imams.  And if you think you're paying more at the pump than you were 20 years ago, please remember that  urlLink  you're actually paying less.  
     
    


	 
      (I'm proud to say I gave $140 bucks to this effort)   A Good Start On the Iraq Homefront  Spirit of America exceeds its fund-raising goals 15-fold.    BY DANIEL HENNINGER   Friday, April 30, 2004 12:01 a.m. EDT   The photograph below was taken at Camp Pendleton, the Marine Corps base 38 miles north of San Diego. It shows Col. Robert Knapp and Spirit of America's Jim Hake in front of the television equipment that was bought with contributions from readers of this newspaper and others. It will be in the air tomorrow, bound for Al Anbar province in Iraq. There, Marines from the First Expeditionary Force will help Iraqis restore seven local TV stations.   This is a remarkable story of can-do. I think it is also the story of a nation willing to do more than it has been asked by the Bush administration. It is about the need for an Iraqi homefront.   The column describing Spirit of America's effort to raise $100,000 for the TV stations appeared in this space 14 days ago. Since then, the following has happened:  Jim Hake, Spirit of America's entrepreneur founder, says they have received $1.52 million. Some 7,000 donations have come from every state, and one from ... France.  Mr. Hake purchased all the needed equipment and had suppliers ship directly to Camp Pendleton. Federal Express donated domestic shipping costs.   Stanley Hubbard at Hubbard Broadcasting Inc. in Minnesota has offered several hundred thousand dollars in state of the art digital television equipment. That equipment would provide satellite uplink and downlink capability, allowing the Iraqis' TV stations to get program content from elsewhere in the world.  Mr. Hake has received five new requests from military in Iraq and also in Afghanistan, the live war that faded from view until Pat Tillman, the former NFL player, was killed there. A Special Forces soldier in Afghanistan requested soccer equipment for a village team: "They compete regionally but have no equipment save a couple of soccer balls." The team's equipment will soon be shipped.  Sounds like small potatoes. But in the relatively alien worlds the U.S. now finds itself, represented by its soldiers, this is what must be done if we hope to extinguish terrorism and restore self-government in lands taken over by terrorist networks.   Tellingly, Mr. Hake has also received a request from a Coalition Provisional Authority office in Iraq. The CPA of course is the U.S. government agency officially tasked with restoring Iraq, and funded by Congress (i.e., the American people). That the CPA itself would ask Jim Hake for help suggests that peacetime rules and red tape are smothering a wartime effort--whether by the CPA, private contractors or the military. This is a good subject for another time (horror stories of bureaucracy run wild welcome at the address below).   Let us downshift a moment from this tale of real people giving their own money to do real good in Iraq to survey how the war appears more familiarly in the life of America. Just in the past week, amid televised scenes of U.S. soldiers fighting to defeat their killers and the killers of Iraqi innocents in Fallujah and Najaf, the homefront consisted of:  John Kerry sitting down Monday with ABC's Charles Gibson to parse "medals" and "ribbons" in panicked syntax that recalled Ralph Cramden's famous "hummina-hummina-hummina" routine; a debate over televising covered coffins; an appearance before the all-partisan September 11 commission by the President and Vice President; and tonight's scheduled naming by Ted Koppel of every U.S. soldier killed in Iraq the past year. Mr. Koppel said, "We felt that the impact would actually be greater on a day when the entire nation is not focused on its war dead." Not focused on its war dead?  The war as it is presented in the U.S. and the war as it exists in Iraq seems to occupy separate spheres of reality. The political class and media treat the war as something whose "policy" details can somehow be revisited, even rethought. At home, the war is a political event, a normal partisan phenomenon. Its metaphors are borne out of Vietnam--quagmire, bogged down, body counts, Ted Kennedy.   Guess what? Vietnam isn't coming back. The people of this country tore the nation's fabric terribly over Vietnam. They are not going to do it again.   The grand response to the Spirit of America request says to me that the public understands that we are there in Iraq and the job now isn't to debate its value but to get the job done. Most Americans don't want to be one of the partisan bobbleheads on television. They want to be part of a genuine homefront, helping. One who responded to the Spirit of America appeal, Dick Kampa of Tucson, Ariz., put it this way:  "My sense is that there are many who would support civilian, home-front activity that would bolster troop morale and communicate to the Iraqi people that we really are their friends. Putting a political label on such activity would be counterproductive. I think Democrats and Republicans should, and many would, unite in these activities. Perhaps we need rallies or community meetings linked to constructive actions like funds for impactful projects in Iraq, adopt-a-communities, collection of goods, bandage rolling, etc., things that involve people across America."  You know for a fact that if Laura Bush undertook any such homefront effort, it would be dissected and mocked as hokey and irrelevant. Too bad. I don't think most Americans want to debate woulda, coulda, shoulda just now. They want to win. Spirit of America is a start, but someone high in the Bush administration ought to start thinking of ways to let more people pitch in.    Mr. Henninger is deputy editor of The Wall Street Journal's editorial page. His column appears Fridays in the Journal and on OpinionJournal.com  
     
    


	 
       Did you donate to  urlLink  Spirit of America?   If you did, you've probably seen this good news. If you didn't, go check them out, and maybe you can feel a little glow of satisfaction when the next update comes. If you've been watching from the sidelines, wanting to do your part, this is an excellent group. They work hard, they keep it real, and the overhead is minimal. What you give them, they put to work.   From: Dunham Maj Oliver H  Sent: Monday, June 28, 2004 6:12 AM To: Jim Hake Cc: Lutkenhouse LtCol John F; Chandler Maj Thomas E  Subject: sewing center  Dear Jim,  The local TV station we have been supporting with your donated media gear did a news spot on the new sewing center that opened in Ramadi. The station did a 14 minute segment set to music, with interviews of different people interspersed throughout the segment.  The center has actually been expanded into what the Iraqis are calling a "Women's Center" (the sign reads in English below the Arabic, "The Organization of Creative Women in New Iraq"). The Iraqis will be planning use profits generated from the sewing to fund women's education (English, computer skills, etc). This is huge and is exactly the direction we are trying to drive things as it runs counter to the agenda of the extremists who are fighting to keep this part of the world mired in the dark ages. During the segment, they panned to new furniture (purchased by us), school-type desks and new computers (I believe provided by CPA), and of course, the sewing machines set up on tables, each one being its own sewing station. They are saying that 900 families will be supported by the center though I think that may be a little bit of an overstatement as locals here are sometimes apt to do.  That said, the Iraqis had a true ribbon cutting ceremony.  There was a darling little girl who was holding one end of the ribbon while a man cut the ribbon. One of the Iraqis interviewed (I believe he is the director of the center) thanked the Governor for the assistance that made the center possible.  Because we are approaching the transfer to sovereignty there was no Coalition involvement in the opening of the center.  Thus, though the Coalition was not mentioned; we still see this as a win. Any time the interim government gets credit for something that benefits local people, it increases support for the interim government.  Support for the interim government means greater stability, which is what we need to get Iraq through the transition period.   There is still a fight here, but we are making progress.  Thanks again for the help.  Holden
     
    


	 
      Someone recently dug up one of my old postings, pre-Iraq War, in which I waxed multinationalistic, criticized Bush, and praised the U.N. He asked me what had changed since then.  The short answer is, I haven't changed my position about Bush, and I still think Tony Blair says the right things, and says them far more articulately than Bush. I've seen through the hypocrisy of the United Nations, especially the French and Germans, and I'm now more disgusted with them/it than anything that emanates from America. Even al Qaida will stand up and tell you to your face they want to see you dead. The French ruling class pretend to be on your side, when behind their backs they have their fingers crossed, hoping you'll die.  At the time I wrote, the Bush Administration (mainly Powell) apparently were trying to work within the framework of the United Nations, and its repeated resolutions on Iraq, which Saddam repeatedly tore up and laughed at. Bush et al were giving the U.N. one last chance to be effective and actually prove it meant what it said. At the time, that made us look like monkeys and gave every little candy-ass dictatorship a chance to dance on the U.S. as it tried to build consensus in the U.N.  And as for having other nations helping us, I have come to realize that, militarily, most of them just would be dead-weight. And politically, they would be weak sisters who would run at any sign of real trouble. Better to go alone with the few you can trust, who are willing to work.  Now? Looking back? I'd have gone up to the U.N. on Sept. 12, told them all to follow me down to 23rd and Chambers, shown them the red-hot pile of metal, with people crawling into it seeking anything that might still be alive, and said, "you have 30 days to tell us what you're going to do about this, before we go and do something about it on our own." Then after they didn't (of course), I'd have gone up to 44th Street, locked the doors to the U.N. building, and handed them all their passports and a one-way ticket home.   * * *   I had thought about those older posts, and how they seem out of synch with, if not downright contradictory to, what I'm writing now. But the Internet is the antidote to "1984." You can't re-write its history, thanks to Google archives and sites like the Waybackmachine. What's been published, if it's been up for any length of time, will remain accessible, somewhere.  But mainly I decided to keep them linked from my current pages because I thought that, years from now, someone might be curious about the political evolution of one small mind, not for its own sake, but as a representative of a larger class. Historians do that all the time: how did the majority in the U.S. North, which loathed abolitionists in 1838, come to put them in power just 22 years later?  So someday historians might wonder about the diaspora of people like me, in the American political landscape. "Pro-war liberal" might be a kind classification for us, though there are a great many unkind ones. I encounter similar minds among my peers and in the sites I visit online: men and women who have traditionally identified themselves with a group of positions and attitudes generally called "liberal," but who have slowly found themselves pushed over to another alignment, ranged against people they once considered allies and beside people they once called enemies.   It began on Sept. 11, 2001. And it certainly wasn't the siren appeal of our newfound allies that drew us over. Most of us oppose them as vigorously as ever in social issues and sometimes even in War on Terror issues (Guantanamo detainments, etc.), though more quietly.  One thing I appreciate about the people on "this side" is, they know how to fight hard when the time is right to argue, and how to shut up for the sake of the greater good when that time has passed. Many "conservatives" were deeply opposed to Bill Clinton's military forays into Kosovo and Serbia, but I never saw them openly gloating over American mistakes or cheering for American deaths the way the left does today in the case of Iraq.  Yes, yes, more straw man arguments. But are they? I was told not long ago that Michael Moore, who  does  call for more dead American soldiers, is a fringe player, not representative of the mainstream of Democrats in America. And I allowed that to be accepted in the argument I was having. And now, lo and behold, all the top Senate Democrats have walked his red carpet to the premiere of his new movie in D.C. And the DNC has worked out a deal that will ensure more than a half-million DVD copies of the film will be distributed nationwide in October 2004, just a month before the general election.  I have no truck with Rush Limbaugh or Ann Coulter. How am I supposed to differentiate people on the other side from their worst exemplars, if they won't separate themselves from them?   * * *   Moore joined a national conference call and webcast on Monday sponsored by MoveOn to promote the film.  urlLink  Moore pleaded with his fans to vote for Kerry.   No surprise there, but at least he's looking over his shoulder at the election rules, because he hastily added, "I've never spoken to the man. I've never spoken to anybody in his campaign."  Which is a typical instance of Moore's definition of "the truth." Because right after that he bragged about how he's been speaking with Alexandra Kerry (she of the see-through dress), who, according to Slate, is "active in the [Kerry] campaign," and who, according to the article cited above, "does media outreach for the Kerry campaign and is considered one of her father's closest advisers." Moore also had stumped for the Wesley Clark campaign, and he and his associates keep in touch with the many former Clark staffers now working for Kerry.  So much for "I've never spoken to anybody in his campaign."  And according to a Kerry campaign source, Moore's distributors have been talking to the campaign, and Moore employees twisted arms to get Kerry to agree to a private screening of  "Farenheit."   "Moore or his people have been all over us," according to a Kerry campaign staffer in Washington. "We were getting free passes to the premiere. It's obvious that when we beat the Republicans, they want to get the credit for it." Props to Kerry for dodging this stunt. At least he can do one thing right. 
     
    


	 
      Pundits on both sides invoke Abraham Lincoln in the modern debate over Bush's war against Saddam, the disposition of terror suspects, and the Patriot Act.  I'm not interested here in comparing the Constitutional complications of the 1860s and those of today. The nature of the U.S. government and its powers have changed enormously since Lincoln's day -- largely as a result of the Civil War itself, and the Reconstruction amendments. Anything more than a superficial comparison only is possible amid a jungle of explanatory paragraphs swarming with footnotes.  The situations, too, are different. Lincoln faced the economic and physical disruption of the union, with a third of its population and a great deal of its revenue-generating section trying to depart. He faced the sudden emergence of a new world power on the doorstep of the remaining section, with potential powerful allies like Britain and France eager to see the fall of the United States.  After Sept. 11, Bush faced relatively fewer, more distant, and scattered enemies. But they were ideologically focused, not on escaping from the U.S., but on going right to the heart of it and unleashing fatal poison. And they are capable of a hellish destructive force never dreamed in Lincoln's day.  Many of the constitutional issues do run in parallel, however, and Lincoln's response to the crisis echoes Bush's. (Their careers have broad similarities, too: Both men had checkered pasts and won disputed elections without a majority; both were blamed for starting a war unjustly when negotiated settlement was possible and for exploiting a national crisis to advance their private agendas and attain partisan goals).  Lincoln offers a model, good or bad, for the role of a president in times when the nation sails into murky waters and faces conditions not imagined when the laws were written.  Like Bush in 2001, Lincoln in 1861 faced a legal fog in defining his enemy, and delineating his war. Even among many people in the North, the power of a state to secede from the union was held to be a legal right. The Constitution, as read by many, was seen as silent, or ambiguous, on the issue. A range of positions could be defended. Buchanan's attorney general, for instance, had investigated the laws and concluded that, while the secession was not legal, the government had no authority to stop it.  Meanwhile, the seceded states formed themselves into a new nation. Lincoln's official position was that the Confederacy did not exist and that he was suppressing an internal rebellion. Yet in practice, he treated the South as a sovereign power. He blockaded its coast. His administration acknowledged its sea-rovers as privateers and not as pirates. When rebels invaded the North and were captured at Gettysburg they were treated as POWs, not as traitors to be hanged for treason, because they were commanded by officers holding commissions from the Confederate government.  In fact, Lincoln made every attempt to have it both ways, because his powers, as president, were limited differently in each case. Whichever situation gave him what he needed, that is how he painted the war/rebellion in that case.  He did so to recruit and maintain a large standing army to fight a modern war, and in doing so he broke the Constitution he had sworn to uphold, which was structured to provide temporary, minute-man armies (in a system little changed since King Alfred's aldormen led the Anglo-Saxon fyrd to repel Viking marauders).  He did so in sweeping aside civil rights, including habeas corpus, and filling Northern jails with men never charged with any crime. He did so in full knowledge that his nation was full of dissent, and his agents couldn't, or didn't care to, distinguish honest loyal opposition from active treason.   Lincoln had at his back a Congress driven by his allies. And he managed to skillfully avoid the courts. When he couldn't avoid them, he defied them. In the  Merryman  case in 1861, Chief Justice Roger B. Taney denounced the notion of arbitrary military arrest and defended civil liberties, and pointed out that only Congress had the right to suspend habeas corpus. And he admitted he could do nothing to enforce his ruling in the face of a military force "too strong for me to overcome." Taney wrote as defiantly as any anti-Bush zealot today. And the cause for his wrath was more immediate and dangerous than the Patriot Act:  “I can only say that if the authority under which the constitution has confided to the judicial department and judicial officers, may thus, upon any pretext or under any circumstances, be usurped by the military power, at its discretion, the people of the United States are no longer living under a government of laws but every citizen holds life, liberty and property at the will and pleasure of the army officer in whose military district he may happen to be found.”  Lincoln wrote out a standing order for Taney's arrest, but it was never served. But  Merryman  set the tone and left it to the justices to decide whether to provoke fights, legitimate or not, that they had no power to win.  Lincoln got a break when an important case came to Justice James M. Wayne, who was perhaps the staunchest war supporter on the Court. In  U.S. v. Colonel Gorman  Wayne upheld Lincoln’s extra-legal (at best) recruiting drive in 1861 and its retroactive endorsement by Congress.  “It is my opinion,” Wayne ruled, “that Congress has constitutional power to legalize and confirm executive acts, proclamations, and orders done for the public good, although they were not, when done, authorized by any existing laws.”   Even some who supported the Northern cause blanched at this notion, but it was in keeping with the general spirit of the administration and the pro-war press, which was to “preserve the union at all costs.”  Lincoln used his presidency to pack the Supreme Court with justices who would be more sympathetic to his purposes. Three of five justices who sustained the administration in the important  Prize  case of 1863 were new Lincoln appointments.  But the full question of whether the Constitution gave the president a special power to suspend the writ of habeas corpus during wartime never got to the Court. In large part that's because the administration made sure it didn't. It had a valid fear that the Court would rule against there being such a power under the Constitution, and such a ruling would undermine the war effort. On the other hand, by keeping the matter away from the Court, the administration could largely accomplish its policy.  Opposition, especially in the press, clamored for a test case to settle whether the arbitrary arrests were legal. Secretary of War Stanton thought it would be wise to do so, too, but Attorney General Bates talked him out of it. In a letter of Jan. 31, 1863, Bates wrote to Stanton that a Supreme Court decision against the habeas corpus policy “would inflict upon the Administration a serious injury,” and would do more good to the rebels “than the worst defeat our armies have yet sustained.”  Only after victory was secure, and only gradually and tentatively at first, did the Supreme Court begin to put the nation back on a Constitutional basis, which Lincoln and the Radicals in Congress had disrupted. Both Lincoln and Taney were dead by this time.  Lincoln had done what was necessary to his purpose, which he saw as saving America's future, and he let the lawmakers catch up as they would. Or he left it to the courts to undo the changes long after they ceased to be necessary. Some of them were never undone, and America after 1865 was never again ruled by the government that had been created in 1787.  History forgives him these transgressions (though they are more bitterly remembered in the South) because the war he led America into had a great (if unintended) result of freeing slaves. It gave them an imperfect freedom, to be sure. The backlash brought explosive violence into their lives. And real civil rights didn't come their way for another century.  Yet however imperfectly he did it, Lincoln defeated slavery -- an institution that had enjoyed the protection and support of the U.S. government until then. (Even so radical an anti-South man as Thad Stevens once took a case on behalf of a master reclaiming his runaway slave.) And history gives him that honor and Americans rank him among their greatest presidents. 
     
    


	 
       Someone asks my contractor friend in Iraq, " I want to know why we haven't done more than a half-hearted try to circumvent the oil problem by developing viable alternate energy sources. I've been wondering this for years now. It is plain to see that if we did that we could cut loose our dependency on the Mideast and begin to solve a raft of problems." It's something I've wondered, too. Here's her answer:   I took a bit of extra time to think about this, and still haven't set everything straight in my head. Sometimes you can know something very clearly, but still have a hard time explaining it, you know? Still, take a look at the list below.  Ink  Dishwashing liquids  Paint brushes  Telephones Toys  Unbreakable dishes  Insecticides  Antiseptics  Dolls  Car sound insulation  Fishing lures  Deodorant Tires  Motorcycle helmets  Linoleum  Sweaters Tents  Refrigerator linings  Paint rollers  Floor wax Shoes  Electrician's tape  Plastic wood  Model cars Glue  Roller-skate wheels  Trash bags  Soap dishes Skis Permanent press clothes  Hand lotion  Clothesline Dyes  Soft contact lenses  Shampoo  Panty hose Cameras  Food preservatives  Fishing rods  Oil filters Combs  Transparent tape  Anesthetics  Upholstery Dice  Disposable diapers  TV cabinets  Cassettes Mops  Sports car bodies  Salad bowls  House paint Purses  Electric blankets  Awnings  Ammonia Dresses  Car battery cases  Safety glass  Hair curlers Pajamas  Synthetic rubber  VCR tapes  Eyeglasses Pillows  Vitamin capsules  Movie film  Ice chests Candles  Rubbing alcohol  Loudspeakers  Ice buckets Boats  Ice cube trays  Credit cards  Fertilizers Crayons  Insect repellent  Water pipes  Toilet seats Caulking  Roofing shingles  Fishing boots  Life jackets Balloons  Shower curtains  Garden hose  Golf balls Curtains  Plywood adhesive  Umbrellas  Detergents Milk jugs  Beach umbrellas  Rubber cement  Sun glasses Putty  Faucet washers  Cold cream  Bandages Tool racks  Antihistamines  Hair coloring  Nail polish Slacks  Drinking cups  Guitar strings  False teeth Yarn  Petroleum jelly Toothpaste  Golf bags Roofing  Tennis rackets  Toothbrushes  Perfume Luggage  Wire insulation  Folding doors  Shoe polish Fan belts  Ballpoint pens  Shower doors  Cortisone Carpeting  Artificial turf  Heart valves  LP records Lipstick  Artificial limbs  Hearing aids  Vaporizers Aspirin  Shaving cream  Wading pools  Parachutes  If we completely eliminate the use of gasoline we'd save about 47% of our total petroleum consumption. If we completely eliminated the use of diesel fuel and fuel oil, I think we'd eliminate another 23% or so. It would just about take that to eliminate our present use of imported oil. Believe it or not, the US is still one of the largest oil producers in the world.  Unfortunately, a number of the products above are not only produced using petroleum, but are also manufactured through processes that require fuel oil. And of course this list doesn't directly name all of the urethanes, nylons, coolant mixtures and other products that are essential to the machines that produce the items on the list. Those products include things like rollers, conveyor belts, motor housings and parts, shielding, piping, etc. And of course it doesn't mention that even with those items that can be economically produced using electric energy, oil is often used to produce that electricity, both in the US and abroad.  When everything is said and done, I believe the primary problem is technology. In some cases viable alternative technology already exists. What doesn't exist is the ability to radically and immediately make the change. This is due to a number of problems, but the most significant one is the simplest-- money.  For automobiles alone, we have to consider the retooling costs for construction of these new vehicles. Then we have to consider the means by which fuels will be transported, stored, and distributed, which includes the equipment that must be built in order to make that possible. The expense isn't borne just by the auto makers, but also by shipping companies, fuel producers, trucking companies and truck manufacturers, and even gas station owners. Decades of innovations have produced products and systems that are relatively efficient and safe, but revolve around the use of petroleum. Now we're looking at newer technologies and require much the same level of refinement in order to be able to completely replace petroleum fuels. And we can't get that without incredible expenditures, all of which we (the consumer) eventually must pay.  We also don't want a situation where current investments made in good faith by Americans or others are simply legislated away. For instance, if the US government was to simply ban the use of petroleum products in all cars by the year 2010, those with investments in auto companies, shipping companies, and petroleum corporations would immediately see a significant drop in the value of their investments, primarily because at that moment, all of their present assets in machinery, employees and facilities would become liabilities, and the mission of the companies they were invested in would be, in lay terms, to spend money. It is concievable that any such legislation would cause such a rush to sell in those markets that it would collapse the markets. In such a situation, the only way to save a company such as UNOCAL, for instance, would be to place a hold on trading, but that doesn't necessarily mean that the remainder of the market wouldn't react in such a way as to lower the overall value of the total market. Either way, it's not fair to those who have invested in these companies in good faith.  The word is out. The petroleum supply is getting smaller. New technology has to be developed to replace it. But this has to occur over a broad market, including everything from cars to machinery to shipping to clothing to medical equipment. As the technology develops to make this possible, more and more of these products will begin to arrive, and the economic effect will snowball. But in order for that to occur, it has to develop slowly, so that the dollars required to make that development progress can process throughout the whole economic system. Again, not just in the US, but everywhere else.  This is something that is understood by many of the extremists in the Middle East. For them, full control of the majority of the world's oil supply means a last great stab at power. If they can grab control, they can not only enrich themselves, but they can also slow or even halt the economic progression of other countries, particularly those who do not meet their religious approval.  And you are seeing this in action, right now. This isn't a debatable thing. The attacks on Iraqi oil lines, the attacks on foreign workers in Saudi Arabia, the threats of piracy in Indonesian waters, the increased spending necessary for both countries and companies to secure their equipment and employees-- all take away needed funds for the development of new technologies. And all indicate the economic power which can be brought to bear by these people if they can take and control the world's oil reserves. The US and other nations are at the moment seeing a slowdown in economic growth, and in some cases, a decrease in growth and wealth, largely because of increases in fuel costs. And this is with Saudi production running as close to wide open as they can presently handle.  Reserves aren't production capacity. Iraq has far more in reserve, and even that it can pump, than it can physically deliver to port. The only way you can increase that volume is by constructing new pipelines, new pumping stations and new port loading facilities. Those are in the works. And if we have our hands on them, then US and foreign companies working to create new technologies have the economic stability necessary to develop them. If not, then the US has a fleet of ships, jets, tanks, APCs, etc. with no fuel to operate, and no fuel to keep the economic engine that drives the US in operation.  The change over is happening. But it's not and cannot be an overnight affair. Think of cell phones. When I was a kid they were huge. Now they're tiny. The difference is in battery cell technology. The same would hold true for electric cars. Changes in battery construction and capabilities have made it possible for electric cars to actually be a viable form of transportation. But we still have to use some type of fuel in order to initially power up those cars. If all of the US could convert to those or to hydrogen autos then we could actually run coal fired power plants in the US with scrubbers, and still have less pollution in the air than we do today. And we have more coal in the US than in any country in the world save Russia.   And if the people in the Middle East wanted to hoard their oil, continue to use petroleum technology because it was cheaper for them, more power to them. It wouldn't make any difference, because we'd be doing the same. But right now, that would put most of the rest of the world at their economic, and ultimately, military, mercy. And the extremists amongst them don't believe in that.  That's about it. I don't know what else to tell you. This is a race. And even though oil, and even money is a big issue, it's not matter of greed. It's a matter of survival. Believe it or not, we  need  this oil, and we need these profits, in order to actually make the change and remain stabile.  And those who we are fighting know this,  even if many in the US, don't. 
     
    


	 
       CASABLANCA, APRIL 16, 1946 (AP) - The Allies today opened the final campaign of the war in Europe, with a vast thre-pronged invasion into the last bastion of fascism in Europe.  Some 20,000 American troops embarked from French Morocco and hit the beaches of southwestern Spain near Cadiz and Seville, blasting their way 5 miles inland by dusk, in the face of stiff resistance. Meanwhile British bombers based off Gibraltar pounded Spanish military instalations far inland.  To the north, a separate Anglo-American invasion fleet, based in Marseilles and backed by battleship firepower, landed north of Barcelona. The city was partially in flames tonight, its cathedral spires toppled. Meanwhile, paratroops dropped inland. And Basque partisans, on signal from the Allies, siezed border posts in the Pyrennes and threw open their gates to Allied convoys from southern France.   History that might have been. Jose, my online friend from Spain, has reminded me that the Allied victory over fascism was incomplete in 1945. We left one dictator -- Franco -- in power. Though not an active combatant, he was as bad as Mussolini, if not Hitler, and the notorious caudillo was allowed to linger in power as a distant friend of America till he died of old age in 1975. Spain is still recovering from his scars, and the people of Spain, I have learned from Jose, are still bitter over this. It is part of the reason, I am told, they do not trust us, or support us, in Iraq.  We should have finished the job. What third way was there between that and dealing with Franco as an unpleasant reality? Isolate him and starve him out? The experience of Iraq teaches the impossibility of doing that to a tyrant. As the ultimate power in a country, he is able to gather in the resources and stay safe amid his inner circle, while the people who would oppose him suffer the most, and soon find themselves too weakened to mount resistance. Spain likely would have been no easier than Iraq to isolate, with its long and convoluted coastline and with willing smugglers in Portugal, North Africa, and Andorra.  But would Spain have welcomed a second D-Day? Air bombing in France during the war claimed an estimated 60,000 civilian casualties. Another 20,000 French civilians died in "other military operations" ("other" than the fall of France in 1940), largely associated with the liberation of their country from the Nazis (a liberation many French did not particularly desire).  Some 11,912 tons of bombs were dropped in Normandy on D-Day alone, to try to blast German resistance on the coast and inland.  The Allied bombings of railway yards alone in 1944 are said to have killed at least 3,411 civilians. The city of St. Lo was leveled by bombing to allow Patton to break out a few days after D-day, and the simultaneous Allied bombing of Caen is said to have killed 5,000 civilians in a day.   Robert Lilly, criminology professor at Northern Kentucky University, author of "The GIs' Hidden Face," estimates 3,620 rapes by U.S. soldiers in France from June 1944 to June 1945, based on military records he analyzed. Some accuse him of being an anti-American. I don't know if he is or not, but publishing this by itself does not prove it. In fact, it rather supports modern America's blundering but sincere bid to free Iraq, by pointing out that even the most lauded such efforts of history are attended by the inevitable tragedies and crimes of war.  So what do you say, Spain?
     
    


	 
       Bloody Wal-Mart customer who bought garbage bags charged with murder   NAPLES, Fla. (AP) — A man who walked into a Wal-Mart covered in blood and bought garbage bags Friday was charged with murder after authorities found a stabbed body in a trash bin.  Wal-Mart workers called deputies after a blood-soaked man walked into the store and bought some clothes, bandages and trash bags around 4 a.m. He paid with a $100 bill that also appeared to be bloodstained, they said, and drove off in a pickup. 
     
    


	 
       TAPPER:  Is it not also legitimate to question whether, however, you are doing the same thing you're accusing the U.S. government of doing? You fault Saddam Hussein for being a brutal dictator back in the '80s when the United States was allied with Iraq during the Iran-Iraq war, yet when it comes to the part of the movie where you discuss going to war in Iraq in 2003, that's not a part of the movie you talk about how brutal Saddam Hussein was.    MOORE:  Because people like you and this network and other networks over and over and over again told us that. Look, we all get it. We all know that. I'm just trying to present another side of the story. Why don't you think that's a good idea to have a filmmaker out there presenting a point of view and a side of the story that really wasn't well represented in our mainstream media?     urlLink  Michael Moore turning nasty on ABC News correspondent Jake Tapper,   who asks remarkably good hardball questions. [For a TV guy, I mean.] Moore is Saddam's Leni Reifstahl, but with less filmmaking skill.    ***   Right after 9/11, some of us thought it was impossible for leftist critics to undermine a war against fascists who were sexist, fundamentalist, homophobic, racist, ethnocentric, intolerant of diversity, mass murderers of Kurds and Arabs, and who had the blood of 3,000 Americans on their hands. We were dead wrong. In fact, they did just that. Abu Ghraib is on the front pages daily. Stories of thousands of American soldiers in combat against terrorist killers from the Hindu Kush to Fallujah do not merit the D section. Senator Kennedy's two years of insane outbursts should have earned him formal censure rather than a commemoration from the Democratic establishment.   What a litany of distractions! Words — preemption," "unilateralism," "hegemony," — whiz by and lose all meaning. Names — "Halliburton," "Chalabi," "INC" — become little more than red meat. Vocabulary is turned upside down: "Contractors," who at great risk restore power and water to the poor, are now little more than "profiteers" and "opportunists"; killers are not even "terrorists" but mere "militants." "Neo-cons" are wild-eyed extremists; "realists" are no longer cynics — inclined to let thousands die abroad unless the chaos interrupts transit of oil or food — but rather "sober" and "circumspect," and more likely Kerry supporters.   Victor Davis Hanson on  urlLink  "Year Three: Where do we stand in this disorienting war?"      ***   This afternoon I logged on to the CNN website and their major headline read "92 Iraqis killed". After reading the news report, I logged on to Al-Jazerah's website and guess what their major headline was? "3 American soldiers killed". This is what they ONLY care about, to see America fail. In fact, it is not just Al Jazerah, I am beginning to believe that the majority of Arabs/Muslims feel indifferent towards Iraqi deaths as long as the US sinks deeper in their perceived "Iraq quagmire". They don't give a dead rat's ass about Iraqis being killed on a daily basis by suicide bombings and arbitrary shooting. Their passion of "Arab/Muslim brotherhood" only explodes when few Iraqi civilians are accidentally killed by US forces. I am outraged at such hypocrisy and lies.    urlLink  Big Pharaoh   scores again 
     
    


	 
      Many people I read and respect in the Blogosphere have an attack-dog reaction to the name "Chomsky." But people who mock and dismiss him should read him first. They may find much that will have them nodding in agreement.  Chomsky's politics are execrable, and his world-view is warped. But one aspect of his spiel is a critique of media bias. And it's worth reading.   He does actually do something for a living, beside discover how Everything is America's Fault. He's a linguist, but not a nuts-and-bolts type who studies the structures of languages and how they evolved. You can read dozens of the best books on that topic (as I have) without ever encountering his name.  Chomsky's work is in a more theoretical realm: language as something that happens inside the human brain. He develops and tests theories about how grammar happens, on the subconscious level. It's really more psychology than linguistics, I think.  His observations about human behavior are often insightful. And he has studied the media carefully. And guess what? He thinks it's badly biased. So do a lot of people who don't agree with him about almost anything else. But while his opponents tend to regard media bias as a "given," an article of faith that doesn't have to be explained, Chomsky has carefully gone about explaining how it happens.  He writes ably about how the "elite media" set the agenda for the rest. By "elite media" he means generally the same set of names the rest of us do -- The New York Times, CBS, the handful of corporations on that plane.  Now, here's the rub: to Chomsky, these media are biased because they're  too conservative.  OK, when you stop laughing, please note that his analysis of the system, of the method by which the slant becomes institutionalized, is politics-neutral. It can as easily explain any sort of bias -- against the war, for white people, against religion, for cheap beer. It can even be applied to Chomsky himself, who is a media phenomenon.  The idea of "manufactured consent," which Chomsky rides hard in his writing on the media, likewise does not imply an ideology. He describes it like this: "We [i.e. the media] can make it [people's right to vote] irrelevant because we can manufacture consent and make sure that their choices and attitudes will be structured in such a way that they will always do what we tell them, even if they have a formal way to participate. So we'll have a real democracy. It will work properly."  I found this in a piece by Chomsky published by Z Media Institute in June 1997.   There is another sector of the media, the elite media, sometimes called the agenda-setting media because they are the ones with the big resources, they set the framework in which everyone else operates. The New York Times and CBS, that kind of thing. Their audience is mostly privileged people. The people who read the New York Times -- people who are wealthy or part of what is sometimes called the political class -- they are actually involved in the political system in an ongoing fashion. They are basically managers of one sort or another. They can be political managers, business managers (like corporate executives or that sort of thing), doctoral managers (like university professors), or other journalists who are involved in organizing the way people think and look at things.  The elite media set a framework within which others operate. If you are watching the Associated Press, who grind out a constant flow of news, in the mid-afternoon it breaks and there is something that comes along every day that says "Notice to Editors: Tomorrow's New York Times is going to have the following stories on the front page." The point of that is, if you're an editor of a newspaper in Dayton, Ohio and you don't have the resources to figure out what the news is, or you don't want to think about it anyway, this tells you what the news is. These are the stories for the quarter page that you are going to devote to something other than local affairs or diverting your audience. These are the stories that you put there because that's what the New York Times tells us is what you're supposed to care about tomorrow.  If you are an editor in Dayton, Ohio, you would sort of have to do that, because you don't have much else in the way of resources. If you get off line, if you're producing stories that the big press doesn't like, you'll hear about it pretty soon. ... So there are a lot of ways in which power plays can drive you right back into line if you move out. If you try to break the mold, you're not going to last long. That framework works pretty well, and it is understandable that it is just a reflection of obvious power structures.   OK, well, that's not quite right, but it wouldn't be Chomsky if he got it quite right. The New York Times sends out a wire item every afternoon slugged "AM-PAGE1-CONSIDER-NYT." It tells what the paper's top stories will be for the next day, and it goes only to subscribers of the New York Times wire, which is a different thing than the AP wire. But the AP also sends out its page 1 recommendations every day, and, with the exception of enterprise pieces that one or the other is working on, the list is essentially the same for the AP and the NYT.  I work as a copy editor for a small-city Pennsylvania newspaper (Dayton would be a good comparison). On nights when I sit at the wire desk, I read the wires and put together my "page one recommendation" lists, and pitch those stories at our daily budget meeting. I always have done this without reference to the AP and NYT recommendations. But it doesn't matter. My boss, the editor, always checks the AP tip sheet, and also looks to see what "the boys on 42nd Street" are doing in their newspaper, and no matter what I recommend, he adjusts his story choices accordingly.  The next day, we see the WaPo, NYT, Philly Inquirer, etc. And nothing makes my boss more pleased than to see that his front page design that morning is exactly like theirs. Same stories, same pictures, same placement. That proves, to him, that he has "good news judgment." It proves he belongs in the same league as the big boys. My pitching other stories, instead of some of those on the "recommendation" list, confirms my boss in the belief that I lack good news judgment. I don't want to make this personal, but I am pretty sure it's one reason he's never left me to run the newspaper on days when he's away.  So who is this boss? If you read down the posts on this blog you'll get a beginning of a picture. He doesn't read much more than what is on the newswires, but to him, there was no sane connection between Iraq and the terror attacks of Sept. 11, and therefore the war to overthrow Saddam was illegal and unjust. To him, stories about death and chaos and American failure in occupied Iraq are "what the readers want," and any other kind of stories are irrelevant.  But of course my boss would deny that his agreement with NYT coverage was evidence of a "bias," which, after all, is a word freighted with menace and subterfuge. He would deny that it is part of a systematic inclination in the media. Chomsky anticipates this, and anticipates the response.    They say, quite correctly, "nobody ever tells me what to write. I write anything I like. All this business about pressures and constraints is nonsense because I'm never under any pressure." Which is completely true, but the point is that they wouldn't be there unless they had already demonstrated that nobody has to tell them what to write because they are going say the right thing. If they had started off at the Metro desk, or something, and had pursued the wrong kind of stories, they never would have made it to the positions where they can now say anything they like.   And that's essentially correct. And it works as well to explain a "liberal" bias as a (presumed) conservative one. Even Chomsky says this, in discussing why this whole topic is taboo in journalism schools. "Again, it is not purposeful censorship. It is just that you don't make it to those positions.  That includes the left (what is called the left), as well as the right.  Unless you have been adequately socialized and trained so that there are some thoughts you just don't have, because if you did have them, you wouldn't be there." [italics added]  Of course, Chomsky also goes on to say, in this article, that the agenda-setting media  are controlled by corporations, and thus by a corporate structure that he compares to fascism. He goes on to say that this means the news agendas are set by wealthy, parasitic elites, to protect their interest. He talks about propaganda and world domination. He is Chomsky, after all. Along the way he makes the astonishing observation that, "The U.S. [before World War I] was a very pacifist country. It has always been."  But if you can peel away the paranoia and focus on the media critique, and the explanation of the system by which it happens, you can learn something useful from Chomsky sometimes.
     
    


	 
       urlLink  Medienkritik   reports on the German media's enthusiasm in drawing parallels between the American abuses at Abu Ghraib and the Nazi concentration camps. The Bush-Hitler comparison is so old it's hardly shocking anymore. But now "modern America = Nazi Germany" (so much for the paper distinction of loving Americans but hating U.S. foreign policy).  The blog cites an example from the conservative, mainstream  "Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung,"  writing about "a pile of naked men that reminds us of pictures from the concentration camps."  Overlook the fact that the concentration camp photos showed piles of  dead  bodies. Apparently that difference doesn't register in the German media. Overlook, too, the fact that the German media had zero interest in Abu Ghraib under the previous owners. Pictures exist from that phase in the prison's history. The only reaction I have to those of them I've seen is a line from Günter Grass: "I couldn't eat enough to puke enough."  But overlook it, because I will say, in Abu Ghraib, Americans got a glimpse over the precipice that leads to a Death Camp.  I haven't read many books more cold-blooded than Christopher Browning's "Ordinary Men" (1992). He tells of a group of average German civilians who mustered into the military as Reserve Police Battalion 101, shipped off to the Eastern Front, and methodically rode from village to village across the plains of Poland, marching the Jewish men, women and children of each place out to the woods and shooting them individually to death.  This book paints the horror with an everydayness that makes it the more horrible.  On their first assignment to kill Jews, in the Polish village of Josefow, the battalion's major gave his troops the option of "excusing themselves" from the task. Of the 500 in the unit, only about a dozen did so. They were not punished. The rest slaughtered 1,500 women, children and old people. They became one of Nazi Germany's most efficient extermination units; by the time Police Battalion 101 disbanded in late 1943 "the ultimate body count was at least 83,000 Jews."  [If this sounds familiar, but you haven't read Browning, realize that his research was a key source for Daniel Goldhagen's bestseller "Hitler's Willing Executioners."]  Browning's new book, "The Origins of the Final Solution," explores how the Holocaust came to happen. It was not Hitler's plan all along; it evolved. The racial policy shifted as the military campaigns in the East rolled up huge successes. There was no direct order from the Führer to exerminate. "But local commanders, whether SS officers or administrators in occupied territory, always sensed that more extreme action on the ground would find approval above them," a reviewer of the book observes. Hitler is portrayed as a leader who "filled the air with fearsome innuendo, but left it to junior figures to put into practice what they sensed he wanted -- and what they wanted too." In the end, "[t]he Wannsee Conference of January 1942 only made the German bureaucracy complicit in what was already being done."  Among Browning's revelations in the new book, one seems to have caught the eye of British reviewers, in publications that take a dim view (at best) of the war to overthrow Saddam. "The decisive impulse (to the Final Solution) was not defeat but the euphoria of victory in Russia, in the summer of 1941," a reviewer writes. "It was the sense that they were invincible which persuaded the Nazis that the genocide of Soviet Jews, which they were already carrying out, could be extended to the Jews of every nation they controlled."  Euphoria of rapid victory ... war crimes that begin with low-level decisions, implicitly sanctioned from above ... something seen at first even by Himmler as "un-German" becoming a fact, then a policy ... the mix of semi-professional soldiers with loutish tendencies and leaders willing to turn a blind eye to brutality.  Yes, it's there. The parallel is there. If you only look at it through a drinking straw.  Now put the straw down and look at the whole scene. What came before? In Germany, whole generations of demonization of Jews -- they were vermin, disease, the focus of a century of legal restrictions and social exclusion. This was approved in the churches, in the universities, and in the political parties of all stripes.  In the U.S., we have a welcoming culture that is aware of its own mongrel, immigrant origin. Some cartoonish Arab bad guys in a few Hollywood movies hardly are the equivalent of  Der Stürmer's  vicious blood-libels. Imams visit the White House. Courts uphold muezzin chants. After 9-11, in town after town, neighbors protected Muslim women who were afraid to walk in the street in their distinctive garb. The list goes on.  What came after? Were the American abusers sent off to the next prison, to continue their work? Were their bosses promoted and their leaders pleased? The criminals have been sacked and await punishments. The whole system has been shaken by the revelation. Civil and military tribunals convened, the chain of command exposed and scrutinized. Even though the recently released memos show Bush rejecting any interrogation methods that don't meet Geneva standards, the outcome of all this very likely will be the defeat of his entire administration.  The German fighting force of 1940 was the finest professional army in the world. And before it was over, even the proudest outfits had been tainted by war crimes. Americans are not better than Germans. American National Guard prison units from Pennsylvania are not inherently morally superior to German police battalions from Hamburg. What is the difference? Start with transparent institutions, free inquiry, a cultural sense of right and wrong that had not gone completely mad over a demonized enemy, and, yes, a media that is willing to expose crimes.  As  Medienkritik  goes on to point out, the German press probably should not push this line too hard. It could lead to some embarrassing comparisons.
     
    


	 
      "What is international law when you have the human rights commission in Geneva headed by Libya?" is one of the pithy lines from  urlLink  this interview with Adam Michnik,   the leading force in the Solidarity trade union movement who founded and edits Poland's largest daily newspaper.  Unlike many European liberal intellectuals, but like many Poles, Michnik was an outspoken supporter of the war in Iraq. He was interviewed by by Thomas Cushman, editor of the "Journal of Human Rights" and a professor of sociology at Wellesley College (and himself a liberal supporter of the war in Iraq), in Warsaw on Jan. 15. It appears in the online version of "Dissent" magazine, under the title "Anti-totalitarianism as a Vocation."  Here are some excerpts defining and explaining the "anti-totalitarian" justification for the overthrow of Saddam. I find that, though I have no direct experience of totalitarianism (a few weeks in East Germany hardly count), this resonates with me.    Adam Michnik:  I look at the war in Iraq from three points of view. Saddam Hussein's Iraq was a totalitarian state. It was a country where people were murdered and tortured. So I'm looking at this through the eyes of the political prisoner in Baghdad, and from this point of view I'm very grateful to those who opened the gates of the prison and who stopped the killing and the torture. Second, Iraq was a country that supported terrorist attacks in the Middle East and all over the world. I consider that 9/11 was the day when war was started against my own work and against myself. Even though we are not sure of the links, Iraq was one of the countries that did not lower its flags in mourning on 9/11. There are those who think this war could have been avoided by democratic and peaceful means. But I think that no negotiations with Saddam Hussein made sense, just as I believe that negotiations with Hitler did not make sense. And there is a third reason. Poland is an ally of the United States of America. It was our duty to show that we are a reliable, loyal, and predictable ally. America needed our help, and we had to give it. This was not only my position. It was also the position of Havel, Konrad, and others.    TC:  Yes, you specifically mention that this is a view you share with Vaclav Havel and Gyorgy Konrad.   AM:  We take this position because we know what dictatorship is. And in the conflict between totalitarian regimes and democracy you must not hesitate to declare which side you are on. Even if a dictatorship is not an ideal typical one, and even if the democratic countries are ruled by people whom you do not like. I think you can be an enemy of Saddam Hussein even if Donald Rumsfield is also an enemy of Saddam Hussein.  ...    AM:  It's simply that life has taught me that if someone is being whipped and someone is whipping this person, I am always on the side of those who are being whipped. I've always criticized U.S. foreign policy for forgetting that the United States should defend those who need to be defended. I would object to U.S. policy if it supported Saddam Hussein, and I have always criticized the United States for supporting military regimes in Latin America.   ...    AM:  Well, who was worse, Ronald Reagan or Leonid Brezhnev? If I were American I would never have voted for Reagan, but as a Pole, I liked the tough position of Reagan toward Brezhnev. Perhaps Reagan did not quite understand what he was doing, and maybe Bush doesn't understand either. But the facts are that, suddenly, Libya has begun to speak a different language. Syria has begun to speak a different language. Even North Korea has started to speak a different language. This is not to say that Bush is always right. Of course not. But you must see the hierarchy of threats, of dangers. I asked my French and German friends, Are you afraid that tomorrow Bush will bomb Paris? And can you really be sure that terrorists and fundamentalists will not attack the Louvre? So which side are you on?    TC:  So it's either-or ... you're either with us or against us.   AM:  Unfortunately, yes   ...   TC:  Throughout your revolutionary period, when you were fighting against communism, you always took a position of nonviolence. Now, in supporting the war you are advocating violence. Can you explain this? I ask this because many people in the United States admired you for your nonviolent stance against communism. But now they say, "Michnik advocates nonviolence, but he's supporting this war." Isn't it paradoxical to advocate the promotion of human rights through violent means? I realize that this is a difficult question.   AM:  No, it's a very easy one. I can't remember any text of mine where I said that one should fight Hitler without violence; I'm not an idiot. Against [Polish premier Wojciech] Jaruzelski you could fight without violence, even against Brezhnev. This is clear if you look at [Soviet dissidents] Andrei Sakharov and Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn. But never against Saddam Hussein. In the state of Saddam, the opposition could find a place only in cemeteries.   ...   TC:  Why are Western European intellectuals deaf to this moral argument?    AM:  Well, Hans Magnus Enzensberger, Bernard Kuchner, and others aren't deaf. It's related to why so many Western European intellectuals did not want to hear about Stalin's crimes for so many years.    TC:  They say that the intellectuals who support the war in Iraq don't understand that Saddam Hussein is not Adolf Hitler, and so on. I interviewed Jacek Kuron the other day and, as you know, he was against the war. He was critical of the idea that the fight against Saddam Hussein is the same thing as the fight against Hitler.    AM:  Well, it's obvious that Saddam is not Hitler. Pol Pot was not Hitler either. My fundamental question is, What would Saddam Hussein have to do for my dear friend Jacek to agree that he's as bad as Hitler? What more would he have had to do? Invade Poland and build gas chambers in Auschwitz one more time?   
     
    


	 
      "Dhimmi Watch" has a powerful work of prose by  urlLink  Hugh Fitzgerald   on the slow sinking of France and the willful blindness of the French to the trajectories of their present.   And you have friends who live in the south. And they tell you that the beurs – some call them maghrébins -- make life hell for everyone. They attack French children on the way to school. They vandalize cars. They threaten, and do more than threaten, anyone who is still foolish enough to walk out wearing a kippah or a cross. Whole areas of cities in the south, as in the north, and east, and west, have become off-limits to non-Muslims. In the schools, the teachers have lost authority. They cannot even cover the subjects of World War II, the Resistance, and the murders of the Jews as the state prescribes; they fear, with reason, the violent reaction of the Muslim students.   And as the schools become more and more dangerous for non-Muslim students and teachers, with more time and resources devoted to discipline rather than to learning, French parents and would-be parents are now silently factoring into their childbearing plans the present value of the future cost of what, they see, will now have to be added: private school tuition. And that means, of course, that those French people will plan on smaller families. And they will also be factoring in the growing cost, paid by them, those French taxpayers, for the whole expanding edifice of security, the guards in the schools, the guards at the train stations and métro stations and airports and at government buildings everywhere, the costs of keeping the gravestones from being vandalized, the costs of protecting the synagogues and the churches, the costs for all those tapped phones and agents in mosques, and subsidies to lawyers and judges to hear charges and try cases against Muslims, and the costs of monitoring da'wa in the prisons (more than 50% Muslim).   But the Muslims are indifferent to expenses incurred by the French state. France is part of the world; the world belongs to Allah, and to his Believers. That doctrine has remained immutable for 1400 years. Imam Bouziane, the one they keep trying to deport, had 16 children by two wives, all living on the French state: a representative Muslim man. Over time, the difference between average family size of Muslims and non-Muslims steadily increases. And, over time, the education system continues to disintegrate. Right now, perhaps, you cannot see it. Your children go to the best schools, followed by the best lycées. You vacation in Normandy, or Brittany, or the Ile de Ré. And you do not take the metro often enough, or walk in the right districts, or work in the right factories or offices, to understand what tens of millions of your fellow Frenchmen now have to endure. You, for the moment, are still immune, still willfully unaware. You have spent the last few decades learning about the Muslim world from Eric Rouleau, and his epigones (after they silenced Peroncel-Hugoz, the one journalist who reported the truth) in Le Monde. You are deeply-versed in the constantly reported-upon, endlessly dilated-upon, perfidy of the mighty empire of Israel. You know what we have all had dinned into us: that the Arab Muslims are reasonable people, with clearly-justified grievances, grievances so reasonable and so limited in scope, that justice demands they be satisfied. Everyone agrees on the “solution.” It is called a “two-state solution” and of course it is a “solution” for otherwise, of course, it would not have been called a “solution.”   And everything looks the way it always has looked: the linden trees, the river, the bridges, the réverbères, the étalage in the neighborhood boulangerie. Douce France, cher pays de mon enfance. At the end of the school day, chic mothers still congregate in little towns, or small cities, outside the school – this or that Ecole Jules Ferry -- waiting to pick up their children. Here come the littlest ones, from Maternelle, running up now -- just look at how small they are. And here are the CE1 group, with those huge cartables on their tiny backs. Run, run, run, to Mommy. Oop-la. And then the years of study, study, study marked by ever-larger cahiers -- "cahier" and "cartable" are the words that identify French DNA better than Piaf or gauloises, isn't that true? And now we will read the books, and study the subjects, set down so completely and precisely by the Ministry of Education. And now we are up to the final year, preparing for the Bac, with copies of blue-backed BALISES, guides to Les Châtiments and La Peau de Chagrin. And just look at the results listed in the newspaper: Claire-Alix has a mention très bien. Fantastic. Everything is fine, everything will always stay the same, whole countries cannot change. It’s not possible.   But it is changing, coming apart, quietly, slowly --let’s not look too closely, we mustn't pay too much attention -- the streets, the schools, the hospitals, the ability to speak the truth about things, about life as it is lived, la vita vissuta as they like to say in a neighboring country. Dominique de Villepin always knew there was nothing to worry about; he was born, after all, in Salé, next to Rabat, even spent a few years of his infancy there; of course he knows his Arabs, his Muslims. And surely Eric Rouleau, who for decades in Le Monde was the resident expert on the Middle East (he was so knowledgeable that he never had to so much as mention the teachings of the Qur’an and Sunna), surely he knew everything, didn't he? And those French translations of Edward Said that denounced with such passion the Islamophobia, and those vicious cliches with which the blind and rotting West has always caricatured the Arab Muslim world. Oh, we have been so terrible to the Arabs, we colonialists, we French, we Westerners. And then there is the never-ending outrage of Israel, that running colonial sore. Of course, they have every right, those Muslims, to come here to France. We went to their countries once, now they come to ours. And they have every right to hate us, don’t they?   
     
    


	 
        Waning empires. Religious revivals. Incipient anarchy. A coming retreat into fortified cities. These are the Dark Age experiences that a world without a hyperpower might find itself reliving. The trouble is, of course, that this Dark Age would be an altogether more dangerous one than the one of the ninth century. For the world is roughly 25 times more populous, so that friction between the world's "tribes" is bound to be greater. Technology has transformed production; now societies depend not merely on freshwater and the harvest but also on supplies of mineral oil that are known to be finite. Technology has changed destruction, too: Now it is possible not just to sack a city, but to obliterate it.     Niall Ferguson imagines a world without American hegemony, in  urlLink  "The End of Power"   in Monday's "Wall Street Journal." His conclusion? As if you couldn't guess from the reference to "dark ages." It's ugly.     The prospect of an apolar world should frighten us a great deal more than it frightened the heirs of Charlemagne. If the U.S. is to retreat from the role of global hegemon--its fragile self-belief dented by minor reversals--its critics must not pretend that they are ushering in a new era of multipolar harmony. The alternative to unpolarity may not be multipolarity at all. It may be a global vacuum of power. Be careful what you wish for.   
     
    


	 
      The  urlLink  Washington Times   is the only paper I've seen so far to report on the American victory over the Mahdi's Army. When the a-Sadr forces rose up in revolt, it was a top news story in the major media in the "We're Losing" category. When the revolt was put down, only a right-wing player like the WT bothered to cover it from the point of view of a Coalition success.   When the division got word April 8 that Sheik al-Sadr's uprising meant most 1st Armored soldiers would stay and fight, rather than going home as scheduled, it touched off a series of remarkable military maneuvers.       Soldiers, tanks and helicopters at a port in Kuwait reversed course, rushing back inside Iraq to battle the Shi'ite cleric's 10,000-strong army. Within days, a four-tank squadron was rumbling toward the eastern city of Kut. And within hours of arriving, Lt. Col. Mark Calvert and his squadron had cleared the town's government buildings of the sheik's so-called Mahdi's Army.   
     
    


	 
      You'll never guess what the buzz of the newsroom was yesterday (this was reported to me; I was mercifully off work). My fellow editors and reporters can't wait to see the new Michael Moore movie.  This is the same Michael Moore who gloats over (alleged) American defeat in Iraq and calls for the death of more American troops:    ... There is a lot of talk amongst Bush's opponents that we should turn this war over to the United Nations. Why should the other countries of this world, countries who tried to talk us out of this folly, now have to clean up our mess? I oppose the U.N. or anyone else risking the lives of their citizens to extract us from our debacle. I'm sorry, but the majority of Americans supported this war once it began and, sadly, that majority must now sacrifice their children until enough blood has been let that maybe -- just maybe -- God and the Iraqi people will forgive us in the end.    I told my friend to beware in speaking up about Moore. Not only will you find the rest of the newsroom edging away from you with suspicious stares,  urlLink  you might get sued.   Yes, the almighty Moore, who makes his meat off the freedom to say any stupid thing he likes, has threatened that, "Any attempts to libel me will be met by force," and so reviewers of his movie had better have deep pockets if they want to say anything bad about him.  Of course, that doesn't stop people like Hitchens from  urlLink  eviscerating the guy   (it's a big job) and the movie he made. Among the many holes Hitch punches in the movie-clown, I especially like this one:   In late 2002, almost a year after the al-Qaida assault on American society, I had an onstage debate with Michael Moore at the Telluride Film Festival. In the course of this exchange, he stated his view that Osama Bin Laden should be considered innocent until proven guilty. This was, he said, the American way. The intervention in Afghanistan, he maintained, had been at least to that extent unjustified. Something—I cannot guess what, since we knew as much then as we do now—has since apparently persuaded Moore that Osama Bin Laden is as guilty as hell. Indeed, Osama is suddenly so guilty and so all-powerful that any other discussion of any other topic is a dangerous "distraction" from the fight against him. I believe that I understand the convenience of this late conversion.   Meanwhile, the distributors of Moore's latest effort shamelessly "welcome" the  urlLink  assistance of a Hizbullah front-group   in distributing the movie in the Mideast.   The movie industry publication Screen Daily reported, "In terms of marketing the film, [distributor] Front Row is getting a boost from organizations related to Hezbollah which have rung up from Lebanon to ask if there's anything they can do to support the film."    Well, that's enough for me. I'll just mail my $7.50 directly to Hizbullah, and skip the middle man.   
     
    


	 
      People who supported the war did so for a melange of reasons, differing from person to person. Neither me nor any of the supporters I know did so because we bought the administration's line entirely. At times I was dubious of what even Powell was saying, I never liked Ashcroft, and I still think Cheney inhabits some cultish parallel universe.  To us, the fact that the administration messed up its case doesn't change the verdict we reached last year. But to many war opponents, this always was and always will be a domestic issue, not a future-of-the-world/clash-of-civilizations issue. To them, the connection or non-connection between Iraq and Qaida was all that mattered, because it gives thumbs up or thumbs down to the "Bush Lied" protest banner.  To me, that's a secondary issue; sure I'll take it into the voting booth (along with whatever John Kerry has to offer to prove he'll do better, which I still can't discover). To me, as I said, the interesting parts of the preliminary report were the degree to which Qaida  was  courting Saddam, which validates my fear, and the administration's pre-emtive response.  This was a dilemma. Our intelligence was flawed and weak. We didn't know a whole lot, and a lot of what we thought we knew was wrong. Intelligence-gathering in a democratic society is an inexact business: Americans are learning that this year. It's like baseball hitting: you know the pitcher is going to try to throw a ball past you, but you don't know exactly how. Or maybe he's faking it and plans a pick-off move. Either way, if you guess right one third of the time, you're considered to be doing great.  So do we want to live in a country that is ruthlessly efficient in snooping? If not, then we have to take a risk sometimes, and judiciously pre-empt without 100 percent certainty. The alternative is to be both nearsighted and naive in a jungle of a world. 
     
    


	 
        The 203rd Engineer Battalion, originally from Missouri, is helping reconstruct Iraqi schools: "As well as overseeing the contractors, the battalion's own engineers supported the effort by performing electrical, carpentry, and plumbing work," the soldiers instituted a quality control system on local contractors, resulting in great improvement in quality of work. Meanwhile, Yash Sinha, a first lieutenant in a New Jersey-based Army Reserve civil affairs unit had learned that "[t]he way to Iraqi hearts is through their sewer pipes." Says Sinha of his experiences: "The people were very friendly. They'd invite me for lunch, offer me tea. They were always courteous. They wanted to hear a lot of things that were going on in the outside world." Major Danny Hassig, of the 478th Civil Affairs Battalion stationed on the Tigris River in Baghdad has been restoring "essential services such as waste management, medical services, food distribution, education and transportation systems, to the area." "Sometimes it seems like the good news just doesn't get out. There is so much good news," says Hassig.   Just a sliver of the  urlLink  Good news from Iraq,   courtesy of Chrenkoff.  
     
    


	 
      Here's a  urlLink  scientific, academic study of media bias in the United States.   The methodology seems sound. The conclusion is that the media is far to the left of the mainstream, so much so that Fox News comes out, not as the conservative beast that my co-workers consider it to be, but the mainstream.  From the introduction:   Few studies provide an objective measure of the slant of news, and none has provided a way to link such a measure to ideological measures of other political actors.  That is, none of the existing measures can say, for example, whether the New York Times is more liberal than Tom Daschle or whether Fox News is more conservative than Bill Frist.  We provide such a measure.  Namely, we compute an ADA score for various news outlets, including the New York Times, the Los Angeles Times, USA Today, the Drudge Report, Fox News’ Special Report, and all three networks’ nightly news shows.    Our results show a very significant liberal bias. All of the news outlets except Fox News’ Special Report received a score to the left of the average member of Congress.  Moreover, by one of our measures all but three of these media outlets (Special Report, the Drudge Report, and ABC’s World News Tonight) were closer to the average Democrat in Congress than to the median member of the House of Representatives.  One of our measures found that the Drudge Report is the most centrist of all media outlets in our sample.  Our other measure found that Fox News’ Special Report is the most centrist.  These findings refer strictly to the news stories of the outlets.  That is, we omitted editorials, book reviews, and letters to the editor from our sample.   To compute our measure, we count the times that a media outlet cites various think tanks.  We compare this with the times that members of Congress cite the same think tanks in their speeches on the floor of the House and Senate.  By comparing the citation patterns we can construct an ADA score for each media outlet.    As a simplified example, imagine that there were only two think tanks, one liberal and one conservative.  Suppose that the New York Times cited the liberal think tank twice as often as the conservative one.  Our method asks:  What is the estimated ADA score of a member of Congress who exhibits the same frequency (2:1) in his or her speeches?  This is the score that our method would assign to the New York Times.  
     
    


	 
      "The majority of pacifists either belong to obscure religious sects or are simply humanitarians who object to taking life and prefer not to follow their thoughts beyond that point. But there is a minority of intellectual pacifists, whose real though unacknowledged motive appears to be hatred of western democracy and admiration for totalitarianism. Pacifist propaganda usually boils down to saying that one side is as bad as the other, but if one looks closely at the writing of the younger intellectual pacifists, one finds that they do not by any means express impartial disapproval but are directed almost entirely against Britain and the United States ...."   [George Orwell, "Notes on Nationalism," May 1945] 
     
    


	 
      From an article in "The Australian:"   "President George W. Bush also insisted Baghdad had a massive arsenal of weapons of mass destruction, but no such weapons have ever been found."   Except for that shell stuffed with the Sarin gas brew. Here Michael Moore sneers, "Oh, just one, big deal."  1. Sarin shells are like cockroaches; there's never "just one"  2. the U.N. resolutions that justified this war didn't set an upper limit on the number of banned weapons Saddam was allowed to have, so one shell puts him over the line  3. if you're a media outlet, such as "The Australian," you should know enough about words to know that any positive number -- even "one" -- is more than "zero," And therefore you can no longer say "no such weapons have ever been found" when some have, in fact, been found.  Unless, of course, you're more committed to your preferred version of reality than you are to the truth, in which case you belong in "1984," not in the newsgathering profession.
     
    


	 
      The USAToday story  urlLink  Insurgency boils up in Thailand   reports that:   In Thailand's deep south, the population is 80% Muslim. Militants have burned dozens of secular government schools, murdered Buddhist monks and attacked police posts.   Repeat after me: "T-E-R-R-O-R-I-S-T."  
     
    


	 
      The first bar fight I ever started was in the wildly mis-named Friendly Saloon in Ardmore in 1983. Some yuppie puke buttonholed me and declared that "the media lost the Vietnam war." I was a newly minted reporter at the time. It was mostly clutch-and-grab; there wasn't much room to swing anything and the bouncers moved fast. That was back when we did this job on typewriters.  Nowadays I'd probably just let him blab. I'm too disillusioned with the media to defend it at the risk of getting tossed from a good roadhouse.  We're biased, but it's not like you think. Media bias is not plotted and rehearsed. It's a natural outgrowth of the fact that people who gravitate to a career, and who get along well enough with the other people in that profession to make a lifetime job out of it, tend to see the world in the same tones.  For instance, major media are written with an essentially secular world-view. If your neighbor wraps his car around a telephone pole and walks away unhurt, the newspaper account of it might say he was saved by his seatbelt or you might read a quote from the township police corporal saying he was damned lucky. You won't read that his mother's daily prayer for his safe return moved God, who dispatched a guardian angel to the scene a split second before impact.  That's appropriate; people go to the media for a rational explanation of the world. Yet most Americans do believe in the efficacy of prayer and the reality of the supernatural. So the media deliberately breaks step with the reader's world-view, but most readers, I think, accept it in that case.  But a bias based on political position, or contempt for authority in general, is not, I think, what serves the media well. And I think it alienates readers.  After Sept. 11, for the first time, I found myself breaking from the media herd. Some of my peers felt the attacks were something we had earned. Many thought the Afghan invasion to overthrow the Taliban was a horrible crime against humanity, and they thought (hoped) it was doomed to fail. At least three of them took time off to march in anti-war protests.  There is an essential split in America today. On the one hand are people who think that 9-11 was a new Pearl Harbor, and it ushered in World War IV. And we should behave as a nation (if not a civilization) at war for its survival. On the other hand are people who -- well, I'm not one of them so I hesitate to say what they think 9-11 was, but suffice it to say they do not think it was a call to arms for Americans.  To the people who believe we are at war, the others will look like the enemy's useful idiots at best, like traitors at worst. To the others, my side will like like bloodthirsty sadists. I can parse the difference between being "against the war" and being "for the other side" (and some people ...cough, cough, michaelmoore, cough... clearly cross the line). I accept that you can be an honest pacifist, or can be angry about 9-11 but also be angry about invading Iraq, and still be a good citizen and an honest person.  But I don't think one of those views ought to rule in the major media of a free nation, to the near exclusion of the other view.  I've seen outright editorializing in news stories, and it is vile. But what I see more often is a continuous decision to play up certain stories, and play down or ignore certain others. Over the long run, this is more damaging. It's the kind of bias that doesn't jump out at you. It oozes, and most people never notice.  Specifically, I'm missing two things in all the media coverage I see from Iraq. The absence of them -- the choice not to cover them, or report on them -- reflects a media bias, if not against the war, against the administration that runs the war. And I'm afraid this will have consequences for that administration, and, more tragically, for the American and Iraqi people.  The first missing piece of the coverage is the Coalition soldiers themselves, along with their Iraqi allies. The Ernie Pyle style was so execrated by the Vietnam era correspondents that by now they seem to have tuned out entirely the fact that there are 138,000 or so U.S. soldiers in Iraq. I actually read AP "battlefield" stories during the Shi'ite uprising in May that went on for 30 inches or more, quoted al-Sadr militia fighters, quoted Mark Kimmitt back in the Green Zone, and didn't have a single word from a U.S. soldier about the fight.  I had a brief brush, earlier today, with some folks I used to chat with in an online discussion group. It was military history-based, and the news from them was that the topic has switched to Iraq, but they're as fractious about the present as they were about the past. My ally in there has been plugging away at the modern media the way she used to shell Lincoln.  I wondered if the guys there, who are at least nominally interested in military matters and history, feel cheated that their media didn't report that, in May, east of Amara, the Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders mounted an old-style bayonet charge.  It was the first British bayonet charge since before the birth of most of the soldiers who did it. They routed more than 100 al-Sadr thugs from mortar positions, killed at least 20, captured nine, and suffered only three injuries, none serious. With textbook British understatement, the official spokesman merely confirmed that the Mehdi army "took a pretty heavy knocking."   urlLink  Their local newspaper did a nice write-up on it here,   but I only knew about it from reading milblogs. Nary an article in AP or Reuters, that I saw. My gods, if I were a military reporter, I'd bite into this with all 32 teeth. This is the gem of a story that elevates a penny-a-liner into the history books. Why didn't anyone cover it but the local media? I guess there were no American women holding leashes. Now  that's  news.  Another great heroism story most people missed is the Salvadoran corporal who single-handedly held off a pack of attackers with a switchblade. To its credit, the AP did cover this one. The story was written by Denis D. Gray, and take a bow to him; he's done some of the AP's best work this year. But the editors back in New York didn't play it up at all in their budget, and consequently very few stateside media ended up running it. I didn't see it anywhere in print, in fact. Here's Gray's opening:   NAJAF, Iraq – One of his friends was dead, 12 others lay wounded and the four soldiers still left standing were surrounded and out of ammunition. So Salvadoran Cpl. Samuel Toloza said a prayer, whipped out his switchblade knife and charged the Iraqi gunmen.     In one of the only known instances of hand-to-hand combat in the Iraq conflict, Toloza stabbed several attackers who were swarming around a comrade. The stunned assailants backed away momentarily, just as a relief column came to their rescue.   "We never considered surrender. I was trained to fight until the end," said the 25-year-old Toloza, one of 380 El Salvador soldiers whose heroism is being cited just as criticism is leveled against other members of the multinational force in Iraq.   Secretary of State Colin Powell said recently the Central American unit has "gained a fantastic reputation among the coalition" and expressed hope that they will stay beyond their scheduled departure.   Phil Kosnett, who heads the Coalition Provisional Authority in this holy Shiite city, says he owes his life to Salvadorans who repelled a well-executed insurgent attack on his three-car convoy in March. He's nominated six of them for the U.S. Army's Bronze Star medal.   "You hear this snotty phrase 'coalition of the billing' for some of the smaller contingents," says Kosnett, referring to the apparent eagerness of some nations to charge their Iraq operations to Washington. "The El Sals? No way. These guys are punching way above their weight. They're probably the bravest and most professional troops I've every worked with."    And so on.  And of course 90 percent of the Coalition soldiers spend 90 percent of their time not fighting. Among the other things they're doing is interacting with Iraqis, building or rebuilding. Where's all that? Can you name three U.S. military people (lower rank than general) in Iraq? If you can, they're probably the Abu Ghraib idiots. Newsworthy, of course, but was that truly the only remarkable thing done in Iraq this past year? Why did our "New York Times" and CNN and "Washington Post" make Lynndie England a household name, but never mention Marine Capt. Brian R. Chontosh?     While leading his platoon north on Highway 1 toward Ad Diwaniyah, Chontosh's platoon moved into a coordinated ambush of mortars, rocket propelled grenades and automatic weapons fire. With coalitions tanks blocking the road ahead, he realized his platoon was caught in a kill zone.   He had his driver move the vehicle through a breach along his flank, where he was immediately taken under fire from an entrenched machine gun. Without hesitation, Chontosh ordered the driver to advanced directly at the enemy position enabling his .50 caliber machine gunner to silence the enemy.  He then directed his driver into the enemy trench, where he exited his vehicle and began to clear the trench with an M16A2 service rifle and 9 millimeter pistol. His ammunition depleted, Chontosh, with complete disregard for his safety, twice picked up discarded enemy rifles and continued his ferocious attack.  When a Marine following him found an enemy rocket propelled grenade launcher, Chontosh used it to destroy yet another group of enemy soldiers.  When his audacious attack ended, he had cleared over 200 meters of the enemy trench, killing more than 20 enemy soldiers and wounding several others.    Isn't he part of the story, too?  For that matter, our media constantly tell us the new Iraqi defense forces are no damned good, and showing endless reels of Iraqi thugs celebrating burning U.S. convoys. Did you read anywhere about Private Imad Abid Zeid Jassim of the Iraqi Civil Defense Corps?  “I was walking beside the Marine, then we heard gunfire, and I saw that the American Marine was shot. Then I realized it was just me and him, so I quickly started shooting at the enemy." Jassim's citation for bravery reads, in part:    "...[A]s the firefight ensued, under a hail of enemy fire that was accurately targeted on the wounded [U.S.] Marine, and without regard for his own safety, Private Imad Jassim moved forward into the enemy fire and came to the aid of the wounded Marine. He dragged the wounded Marine out of the line of fire to a covered and concealed position...reengaged the enemy...aggressively pushed forward...dislodged the enemy fighters.... His efforts clearly saved the life of the Marine...."    Isn't that part of the story, too? Isn't that part of what you need to know to decide whether the grand, messy experiment of "Operation Iraqi Freedom" is working, or not? Or whether the incumbent of the White House deserves the next four years to keep working on it?
     
    


	 
      The other story I'm missing from Iraq is the reconstruction. When we invaded Iraq we said we'd do three things: overthrow Saddam, install a responsible government, and get the country back on its feet again after years of neglect.  Yet the third "leg" of that mission is utterly AWOL in the news coverage. The AP-IRAQ budget story that moves on the newswire every single day always is topped with another RPG attack on coalition forces, or another IED blast that kills another U.S. soldier. Then you get a few paragraphs on political squabbling. Those are newsworthy, yes. But I want the rest, too.  Thi is not a pleading for "good news." It can be bad -- such as the number of hours the power still isn't on in some places -- but, please, tell me about it. It's just as important as Abu Ghraib. You do read about blackouts, of course, but the articles never offer the context that tells you the power's out because some fuckwits rained mortars on the grid again. And they focus on Baghdad, not the rest of the country, where power is, I am told, much better than it ever was.  Every once in a great while you'll stumble across a statistic, buried deep in a story, about the number of schools that have been rebuilt in the past year, the number of people who have clean drinking water for the first time in their lives. It's usually just a set-up to a "but" clause lamenting the tragic problems we've caused, or how much the Iraqis hate us.  This is bias by neglect. But there's an active element in the bias, too. It gets more clear to me with each twist in the news cycle.  The media reaction to the 9-11 Commission preliminary reports last week was so over the top -- and so flat-out wrong -- that I can only think the editors wrote the headlines before they saw the facts of the story (don't laugh, I had a boss in West Chester who used to do that). Somehow the editors saw the words  "no evidence that Saddam and al Qaida cooperated on attacks against the U.S.,"  and they read "no connection between Saddam and al Qaida."  On Thursday, the headline in the "Pittsburgh Post-Gazette" was,  Saddam, al-Qaida Not Linked. Sept. 11 Panel's Conclusion at Odds with Administration.  In the "Pittsburgh Tribune-Review," the banner headline read,  9/11 Panel Debunks Saddam Link. Report: No Evidence of al-Qaida Ties.  Our headline was,  9-11 panel finds no al-Qaida-Saddam tie.   I had another huge knock-down drag-out with a co-worker yesterday over that. I had to haul him back to the archives and show him the story we ran later in the week in which even the ranking Democrat on the 9-11 commission said the media was way off the mark on this supposedly complete refutation of the administration by the panel. Here's Lee Hamilton's quote:   "I must say I have trouble understanding the flack over this. The Vice President is saying, I think, that there were connections between al Qaeda and Saddam Hussein's government. We don't disagree with that. What we have said is what the governor just said, we don't have any evidence of a cooperative, or a corroborative relationship between Saddam Hussein's government and these al Qaeda operatives with regard to the attacks on the United States. So it seems to me the sharp differences that the press has drawn, the media has drawn, are not that apparent to me."   No, you probably didn't read that quote. Neither did my rival editor -- who happens to be the wire editor. He refused to believe me until I showed it to him. We buried that story on page A5, on top of the truss ads. I don't think one person in 100 who saw the banner headline on page 1 the day before read that corrective to it. And you know what the headline read, on the story that contained it? Not, "Kean, Hamilton agree with Administration on Iraq," not "9-11 panel spanks media." It read  "Bush defends Iraq-al-Qaida tie."   Meanwhile, the preliminary report demolished the received wisdom from the intellectual left that Osama, as a religious purist, would never dirty his holy hands by dealing with a secular fascist like Saddam. On Thursday, where were all those Wise Men who had pooh-poohed the suggestion that Osama would deign to work with Saddam? Were they muttering mea culpas and slinking away? Did they publish articles saying, "We didn't know jack about al Qaida"? No, the brazen fools had the audacity to stand right up there at the head of the pack, shouting, "Bush was wrong about Osama!"
     
    


	 
        IMAGINE if, on D-Day, the Nazis had been allowed to place camera teams on Omaha Beach — with our suffering soldiers forbidden to interfere. What if, on top of that, the Germans had invented American atrocities against French civilians — and our own officials defended their right to do so in the name of press freedom?   That's the situation with al-Jazeera in Iraq.   Staffed by embittered exiles and pan-Arabist ideologues — the last Nasserites — al-Jazeera is so consumed by hatred of America and the West that the network would rather see Iraq collapse into a bloodbath than permit the emergence of a democracy sponsored by Washington.   Despite his slaughter of a million-and-a-half Muslims in wars and campaigns of repression, al-Jazeera cheered for Saddam during Operation Iraqi Freedom, inventing Iraqi victories. Its staff reacted with horror to the fall of Baghdad — and suppressed film clips of celebrating Arabs.   Since then, al-Jazeera has glamorized Islamic terrorists (who, were they ever to come to power, would close al-Jazeera and butcher its staff) while portraying the Baathist campaign of murder and sabotage as a noble freedom struggle.   Al-Jazeera is so bigoted and morally debased that its reporters and producers delight in Coalition casualties, in dead Iraqi doctors and engineers and (above all) in dead Kurds.   Al-Jazeera not only encourages the assassination of American soldiers, but pulls out all the stops to excite anti-U.S. hatred throughout the Arabic-speaking world.   The response of our own officials in Iraq? Al-Jazeera is only exercising freedom of the press. Isn't that why we fought to bring down Saddam?   This is idiocy, a perverse political correctness based upon a rejection of common sense.    Read the whole glorious thing:  urlLink  Killers with Cameras  , by Ralph Peters of the New York Post. 
     
    


	 
       Someone sent my contractor-friend in Iraq a Washington Post article purporting to explain the situation over there. She sent it back in shreds. Here's a bit.   I found this article primarily worthwhile for what it left out. The passage below being a prime example    The CPA also lacked experienced staff. A few development specialists were recruited from the State Department and nongovernmental organizations. But most CPA hiring was done by the White House and Pentagon personnel offices, with posts going to people with connections to the Bush administration or the Republican Party. The job of reorganizing Baghdad's stock exchange, which has not reopened, was given in September to a 24-year-old who had sought a job at the White House. "It was loyalty over experience," a senior CPA official said   Well, Iraq doesn't have a stock exchange. Hasn't had one--  ever,  at least in any sense that Europeans or Americans or those in the Pac Rim would recognize. You don't find much free trade in countries where all the major industries are owned and controlled by the government. The only open Iraqi "stock" market consisted of around 35K worth of funds being traded on local ventures primarily by retired Iraqis with a little money to risk and time to kill on goat ventures. It's not a case of reopening or even reconstructing it. It has never closed, and it has never amounted to anything.   For a stock market of any note to be created in Iraq, it will have to be done from scratch. And where local investment is concerned, not only will the existing major businesses need to become at least partially privatized, but they will also have to become solvent. At the moment they rely primarily on foreign credit and US dollars, making them completely unstable for investment purposes. The best recognizable investment system that could be created at the moment would have to be established on a government bond basis. But this is difficult to do while insurgency is high and employment levels are low.  Iraq is a perfect example of why supply side economics cannot maintain itself in a stabile manner if anything goes wrong. It is a nation chock full of needs, but with no money to pay for them. In theory, it is an investors paradise, with millions of workers available for low wages and the same millions presenting a very attractive market for products. But it has a very worn out infrastructure and lacks the dollars to create a new one and the security to allow it to happen even if those dollars where there. If the people themselves had money, or even major holdings, investment in new businesses would be a breeze, because the demand could be instantly realized, something you can't do under supply side without the infusion of incredible outlays of cash and long delays.  Who has actually failed? Well, all us blood suckers, thousands of contractors working with thousands of Iraqis appear to be rogues. Or at least that's the way we're all presented. The nation is full of privateers and volunteers,  cowboys  if you prefer, from every nation you can think of. Why are they here? Well, some are here to provide aid. Others are here to rebuild entire regions that they feel are vital to the world historically. But most are here to make money. They've come into country, accessed the situation, and have determined it to be a good place to invest time and money. And that makes sense, because ultimately this country has sufficient wealth underneath the ground to make it into the capitalist society that Saudi Arabia could be, but hasn't quite ever achieved.  Unfortunately, this fact has also been recognized by another breed. That breed sees this country as a gold mine to enrich a few, fuel a radical terrorist stream of Islamic fundamentalism, and provide a stepping stone for bringing down free, non-Islamic nations. They have no recognizable sense of morality, no concern for any lives, religions, ideals or beliefs beyond their own, and no moral restrictions to gaining what they want. Opposing them they have those who have little and basically would just prefer to be left in peace, those who share just enough of their religious background to not see them as completely evil, those who have shown their greatest backbone by producing twisted up articles such as that you have posted, and then those rest of us, civilian and military, who understand the risks and the difficulty associated with building such a place as this under such opposition as we face.  ... Frankly, I would have stockpiled this country with US, European and Pac Rim stock brokers, and given every Iraqi $500 to spend. It would have turned Iraq into an economic free-for-all of epic proportions and shaken the entire Middle Eastern Islamic world to the core. Especially OPEC. But nobody in the world does that kind of thing. Not even the members of the UN. 
     
    


	 
      For most of his adult life, Keith Windschuttle believed the story of Aboriginal genocide and frontier warfare in Australian history. And why shouldn't he? Principal works of Australian academic historians assured him it was so. "I used to tell students that the record of the British in Australia was worse than the Spaniards in America." Then, in 2000 he was asked to review a book by a journalist who claimed an infamous 1926 massacre of Aboriginals never happened. Windschuttle investigated, and he came away convinced. "There were no eyewitnesses and no bodies found. The charred remains of bones at first thought to be of Aborigines shot and cremated were shown by forensic examination not to be of human origin. They probably belonged to kangaroos and wallabies. So-called 'massacre sites' were nothing but old Aboriginal camp sites. A list of Aborigines gone missing from the local mission, and suspected to have been murdered, turned out to be a fake, concocted by the white clergyman running the mission. Many of those on his list were recorded alive and well years later."  In  urlLink  The Fabrication of Aboriginal History,   he tells of confronting the historians who had lied to him, and others, for so long, for the sake of a social agenda.   In her book The Aboriginal Tasmanians Lyndall Ryan claims that British colonists killed 100 Aborigines in Van Diemen's Land between 1804 and 1808. Last year, on Channel Nine's program Sunday, Ryan confessed she didn't have any evidence for the figure. I had pointed out that the source her book quoted, the diary of the colony's chaplain Robert Knopwood, only recorded four Aboriginal deaths. Ryan, however, claimed that footnote was a mistake and her real source was a report by the explorer John Oxley in 1810. But if you look up Oxley's report, there is no mention in it anywhere of 100 Aborigines being killed. Pressed on the issue by journalist Helen Dalley, Ryan said: "I think by the way Oxley wrote that he seemed to think there had been a great loss of life from the Aborigines." Helen Dalley then asked: "So, in a sense, it is fair enough for [Keith Windschuttle] to say that you did make up figures? You're telling me you made an estimated guess." Ryan replied: "Historians are always making up figures."  Like everything else Ryan has said on this subject, however, this statement was not true either. All historians do not make up figures. To do so is a corruption of their profession. Historians must have evidence for their claims. And if they can't produce evidence they shouldn't produce figures. Ryan would have been more accurate if she had said: the historians of Aboriginal Australia are always making up figures. That statement would have been true.   The biggest single invention was made by Henry Reynolds in his book  The Other Side of the Frontier.  He claimed that 10,000 Aborigines were killed in Queensland before federation. The source he provides is an article of his own called  "The Unrecorded Battlefields of Queensland,"  which he wrote in 1978. But if you look up the article you find something very strange. It is not about Aboriginal deaths at all. It is a tally of the number of  whites  killed by Aborigines. Nowhere does it mention an Aboriginal death toll of 10,000. Reynolds gave a false citation for his evidence.   And so forth. Needless to say, America has its own versions (See the "Civil War" section, above right). 
     
    


	 
      OK, which great European political leader said this about the United States?   We have nothing against the American people. We know and respect their political views and internal affairs, even if we might do things differently. We believe we have the right to expect the same of American public opinion .... It is time to recommend peace and good sense. American public opinion is going the wrong way. It would benefit by returning to the old, tested practices of international courtesy and good manners.   [Answer: Goebbels, Germany, 1939]
     
    


	 
        The BBC: Sheikh Abdur-Rahman al-Sudais, from Saudi Arabia, who opened London's biggest mosque last Friday, is a respected leader who works for "community cohesion" and "building communities."  Not mentioned on the BBC: Some of the views of Sheikh Abdur-Rahman al-Sudais. In his own words: In the name of Allah, the Jews must be "annihilated." They are "the scum of the human race, the rats of the world... the murderers of the prophets, and the offspring of apes and pigs."   Tom Gross, on  urlLink  Living in a Bubble; The BBC’s very own Mideast foreign policy.     Back in February 2003, an Iraqi asylum-seeker living in Glasgow started e-mailing me, explaining his reasons for supporting the war. Over the past few weeks, my replies to him have been permeated by my hopeless, sullen mood. He has always been polite, even when we disagree strongly. But then last week, he snapped: "You can afford to despair. You aren't in Baghdad. You aren't in Basra. What do I say to my family [if I took your position]? Well thanks a lot for your support. The rest of us will keep on fighting for Iraqi democracy without you."   Johann Hari on  urlLink  Liberal despair won't help the Iraqis now; We need to support the majority of Iraqis. They want democracy.     Yet if the US Armed Forces were at least superficially suited to the Iraqi and Afghan campaigns, America singularly lacks a mechanism for swaying the hidden struggles which the War on Terror is now evolving into. Traditionally, the action space between a diplomatic protest and a Marine amphibious landing has been filled by clandestine action by the Central Intelligence Agency. But although that agency is supposed to have been revamped and strengthened after September 11, it is unclear whether it alone can bear the burden of the clandestine and twilight struggle within Islamic World. By charter and culture it fundamentally remains an intelligence gathering apparatus and not a secret army. America had a ready answer to Osama's direct challenge. But it is still evolving a response to the bid for power between vicious and still more vicious factions within Muslim countries.   Belmont Club on  urlLink  Phase 2     A NOTE to the beknighted editors at the Reuters news service:   Please don't dignify the monsters who committed this horrifying act by labeling them "militants." They took an innocent man hostage. They beat and tortured him. They demanded ransom. They ignored pleas for mercy from his family. Then, when their demands were not met, they cut his head off and posted the images on the Internet.  Nothing can justify such unrestrained cruelty. It serves no useful purpose, other than to strike terror into the hearts of civilized people everywhere.  Terrorists did this. Not "guerillas," or "rebels," or "dissidents," or "militants."   Let me spell it for you, in case you've forgotten: T-E-R-R-O-R-I-S-T-S.  When did that word become taboo?   Smash reacts to  urlLink  the coverage of the Paul Johnson beheading  .   * There is hope for a relatively free, peaceful and prosperous society in Iraq even though the situation is very difficult and the challenges are enormous,  * The support and assistance of the American people (as distinct from the US Government) is essential to the progress of the Iraqi people. The best hope of Iraq turning out well in large part lies in the support and commitment of the American people.  ...  * It is essential that we also support those Iraqis that are champions of a new Iraq and who are taking the initiative to improve the country in ways small and large. These people represent the future of the country and, in many ways, of the Middle East. By standing for freedom and a better life they are risking their lives    urlLink  Back from Iraq,   a Spirit of America update.
     
    


	 
       This was passed along by someone I trust. She's working with a contracting outfit that is doing the bulk of its work in waterway projects in the south of Iraq. She's wise and observant, and skilled at grasping big pictures through jungles of detail. I hope to post more of her work here.   I came here to do one job, which was basically to assist in producing and presenting an accounting of work that we have overseen or advised on, primarily for cost purposes. As one might imagine the government taking control at the end of the month wants a fair and full accounting of the U.S. and foreign debt that it and the later elected government will assume responsibility for. This has caused an increase in foreign workers coming into Iraq in the past few weeks.  My arrival seems to have coincided with that of many others, and radicals have stepped up activities in response. There is some indication that insurrgents have moved into areas and either driven away those normally there or in some cases forced by threats activities aimed against foreign workers. This is most evident where they have either buried explosives or intend to actually engage workers and security with guns. Some of it is pretty minor, but several workers were killed on the day I arrived, which delayed my departure from the airport several hours.   The general idea is to make any attack appear as large as possible. In one case, it appears that several busloads of residents from Fallujah traveled freely out of that city only to emerge later at the site of an explosion in Baghdad, protesting violently at the site against police and I believe some U.S. troops. Marines have detained several since that time reentering Fallujah, but it is very difficult to say any of them had anything to do with the explosion, or if they did, if they were forced to.  You probably have also heard of explosions along the major open oil pipeline routes. The locations do not directly impact the places where our company has been involved, though security in the south along the waterways and offshore stations has fallen underneath our oversight. Still, there are several pipeline sections that we are connected with that require security, as well as numberous other projects. For the moment, the Iraqi pipeline security that has been established, at first piecemeal and now as a bonified force of several thousands, may be shifted from some of our areas to others. This gives us some concern that not only lesser projects related to water travel and irrigation will be left vulnerable, but also major items including drinking water supplies. So even while we're trying to complete accounting for what has been already done, we're trying to secure it. There are a lot of dollars being blown right now by bad people working on the cheap, and some things will have to change.  Marines changed tactics around the Fallujah area shortly after they withdrew. They have concentrated on the areas off the major roadways that feed that area and continue on into Baghdad while the Army has increased patroling the roadways themselves. This has been done in an effort to reduce the movement of weapons and explosives as well as to catch those moving them. So many of the attacks at this moment are felt to be actually "local" in nature, meaning the supplies used are literally coming out of the neighborhoods where they occur. This would sound ridiculous in any other place, but in Iraq, weapons are literally buried all over the place. The same movements are being done further south by the Army, where US and coalition forces are concentrating more on the areas outside of the cities where they can use their equipment to greater advantage, particularly at night when these people seem to prefer to move. The British sector has been able to do this for quite some time, primarily because the built up areas they are responsible are small, even compared to their number in relation to the US, and are arranged in a relatively narrow corridor. They also have substantial international assistance offshore.  Of course all this indicates a movement of US troops outside of the city centers. The security for those is slowly being passed to Iraqi troops and police, in some locations more quickly than in others. Most likely you've been told nothing good about Iraqi troops and police, and it is true some have been worthless, or at least too weak to do their jobs. The police in particular have major difficulties being left to deal with insurrgents, so at the moment they're all getting a bad rap. But at the moment they are under equipped, most don't even have cars, automatic weapons, flak jackets, or radios. On the other hand, these things are coming to them, if slowly. They are also increasing in number, and the army is growing in size and equipment as well.  There is a growing idea here that if the coalition can control the movement of weapons and insurrgents coming into the cities that the police and the Iraqi army can finish building themselves up. And even if it requires the assistance of some of the various militias established by many clerics, they can drive out the last of the Baathist hardliners as well as foreign terrorists and their Iraqi supporters. This means door to door if necessary.  This may be necessary. But the Iraqi's themselves can do this and get away with it while the US and others cannot. The US would primarily serve to catch the rats as they were driven from the cities.  So at this point, the questions involve the strength of the Iraqi military and police, the resolve of the Iraqi leadership and their ultimate influence, the ability of these terrorists to hide themselves or escape, and the desires of the bulk of Iraqis themselves for either peace or war.  The press, of course, will get lost in all of this. It's easy to beat up on the US, especially if you hate the administration. But it's pretty difficult to completely reverse course and suddenly back the Iraqi people when they are fighting the same problems the US is. Our feeling is that they will present it all as an Iraqi civil war with the US presiding over the whole thing. But that will take the level of dishonesty you've presented above cubed. The membership in the present government is incredibly diverse, as is the Iraqi army, police force and industrial security force. Eventually the world press isn't going to just be laughable, it's going to be it's own bonified political party.  I admit that much of this is second hand and even third. But considering the time in country and the connections, I'd give it some consideration.  
     
    


	 
      From  "The Guardian"  this week:   A 15-year-old Muslim girl yesterday lost her high court battle for the right to wear strict Islamic dress to school.   Shabina Begum has not attended Denbigh high school in Luton since September 2002 when she was sent home for turning up in a jilbab -- the full-length gown worn by many Muslim women that covers all of the body except the face and hands.   Shabina's claim that she had been "constructively excluded" from her school was dismissed by Mr Justice Bennett. He said the school's refusal to let her wear the jilbab did not breach her right to education and freedom of religion as laid down in the European convention on human rights.   The school, a 1,000-pupil comprehensive where almost 80% of pupils are Muslim, said it had a flexible uniform policy to ensure that the religious and cultural sensitivities of its students were respected. Girls have the option of wearing trousers, skirts, or a shalwar kameez (trousers and a tunic).   The newspaper doesn't report, however, that Begum's lawyer, Yvonne Spencer, said the real reason the girl objects to wearing the shalwar khameez (and the reason the school approved it as uniform) is that Sikhs and Hindus also wear it.  The battle is, on that level, part of the bid by the radical Islamist minority in Europe to militantly resist anything that smacks of assimilation, and to remain an aggressive "pure" community within the secular West, with a goal of ultimately controling the nations to which they immigrate. This is arguably a breach of the compact under which people immigrate into other nations.  The notorious Britain-based Islamist group  urlLink  Al-Muhajiroun   makes this clear on its Web site:   Our role is not to integrate or become part of the kufr (non-Islamic) culture or man made system! How could, for example, a practicing Muslim don an English football team shirt which clearly displays a Christian Cross stained in red, a symbol which if worn by a Muslim knowingly, could take him out of the fold of Islam? Similarly how can a Muslim, in the same breath, support and give allegiance to the Queen when in Islam we know that the first action we do when we become Muslim is to reject allegiance to anyone other than the Creator of Man, Life and Universe i.e. Allah (swt) solely and without any partners? It is therefore impossible for a Muslim to emulate the disbelievers in their actions, behavior and even in their dress code. Rather it is incumbent upon the Muslims to invite the society to leave the falsehoods that they carry and call them to Islam as the only acceptable way of Life (to God).    On the other hand, the European crackdown on Muslim girls' headscarves (similar cases have come up in France and Germany) seems like picking on an easy target, when the same nations allow hate-spewing Islamist preachers, like those associated with Al-Muhajiroun, to work and flourish among them, often without even the veneer of a legal immigration. I don't think a piece of cloth on a 13-year-old girl is going to be what drags down Europe in the next generation.  In fact, I suspect the fixation in parts of the West with "liberating" Muslim women everywhere from their traditional headscarves is rather blind and patronizing. Not every aspect of a culture is or ought to be exportable. In intruding into the Islamic world, we ought to be sensitive in distinguishing what is universal in Western culture (democracy and freedom, human rights) from what is relative (ways of dressing). We should stop telling Muslims how to dress, for crying out loud.  My experience, from researching 18th century Pennsylvania Quakers to seeing Catholic school girls on my street, is that clothing designed to be deliberately modest and undifferentiated will soon be fully sexualized and expressive. It's a cooperative work of the wearer and the gazer, but soon enough the nuances of how a black woollen fabric is stitched, how a pleat is folded, can convey or arouse as much desire as pink Lycra hotpants and FMPs. In fact, as in the case of the Japanese schoolgirls, the uniform itself can become a raging sexual fetish.  From what I read, this is true even in the Wahhabist paradise. Though flowers themselves are condemned (see below), human beauty finds a way to bloom.  urlLink  A British expat in Saudi observes,   "The dress code has its uses, hiding a bad hair day in the heat or concealing a full-blown pregnancy. And never let it be said that there is no hierarchy of fashion: catch any well-to-do Saudi woman with a good figure to show off and you will notice that her abaya has a cut that is a touch more body-skimming than is usual, the cloth will be silk and embroidered and, yes, her heels will be vertiginous and her bag genuine Gucci."   Change comes gradually, and on a societal level. A few American woman reformers in the mid-19th century took to wearing loose pants -- the original "Bloomers" -- in rebellion against heavy layers of skirts. Their appearance was scandalous, and several were arrested. Eventually they gave it up because when they got up to speak about women's rights or slavery or cruelty to animals or temperance, all everyone did in the audience was stare at their legs. Conservative resistance, then as always, appealed to religion and God-ordained decency.  Some sensible modern-day American women want to know why they can't bare their breasts on public beaches or in parks. It's a good question, considering the women who wish to do this, in most of the cases I have noticed, have chests less visually startling (and less tumescent) than many legally topless men on my block. But U.S. society isn't ready for that, especially when you consider the effect on the unprepared male libido. A radical view might just say, "to hell with the men, they'll just have to get used to it." But it's not that simple. People have to live with one another in peace or we're not a community.  A constant, unspoken negotiation between genders goes on over generations in any given society. Women in the United States did eventually wear pants (millions of women entering the work-force in World War II had something to do with it) so that now pants on a girl elicit no comment. The gradual acceptance of bare navels can be measured in TV censorship from 1964 (Barbara Eden, concealed) to 1972 (Cher, revealed). Breast-baring will not come all at once, but the barrier is shifting slowly, in simpler, more easily agreed upon fronts (::rimshot::) like feeding one's infant in a car on the highway or in one's workplace.  In most things I'm for letting the Islamic world and its many cultures make its own growth and change, at its own pace. To force it to do otherwise, it seems to me, is to be little better than Al-Muhajiroun in its effort to "invite the society to leave the falsehoods that they carry" and turn them to "the only acceptable way of Life."   Fundamentalists of any religion, including the secular religion, always will be there to carry on that futile work. I'll leave them to it, up to the point where they turn to coercion.
     
    


	 
      I'm glad to see that I'm not the only person disturbed by the pleas for help in the  urlLink  Frank Gardner story.   I'm even more pleased to see that a reaction almost exactly like mine came from Egypt, on  urlLink Big Pharaoh's   blog.   I have to admit that I personally would have run to rescue this poor fellow upon seeing him bleeding. The fact that he is Muslim would not concern me. But why did he say such words? What made him think that Muslims would "care more" if he's one of them?  I guess the answer lies in the rotten social fabric of Saudi Arabia where little children are taught that they are the most valued by God and others were simply created because God found some free time to do so. Islam is the only religion allowed in Saudi and no other faith is tolerated. Non-Muslim expatriates who dare to practice their faith in their private apartments are arrested. US soldiers who headed to the Gulf during operation Desert Storm were advised to hide their cross necklaces lest they "offend" their Saudi hosts.  
     
    


	 
       urlLink  From the Lebanon Daily Star:     Two weeks before the Khobar rampage, a Saudi friend forwarded me a copy of a fatwa, or religious ruling, issued by senior clerics. The fatwa banned the giving of flowers when visiting the sick in the hospital. The ruling observed: "It is not the habit of Muslims to offer flowers to the sick in hospital. This is a custom imported from the land of the infidels by those whose faith is weak. Therefore it is not permitted to deal with flowers in this way, whether to sell them, buy them or offer them as gifts."  
     
    


	 
      Thursday we ran a 42-point head over four columns above the fold on A-1,  "9-11 panel finds no al-Qaida-Saddam tie."  [It would have been bigger, and higher, but a brutal murder of a local infant topped the page that day.]  But the lede says the panel reported "that there did not appear to have been a  'collaborative relationship'  between al-Qaida and Saddam Hussein." It also said the panel found "no credible evidence that Iraq and al-Qaida  cooperated on attacks against the United States. " [italics added]  Headlinese is the business of using the shortest words possible, and I suppose it is ethically safe to use "tie" when you mean "collaborative relationship." But with the report acknowledging "repeated contacts" between the two throughout the '90s, I do have to wonder, in headline math, how many "contacts" it takes to make a "tie." it would be even more accurate, and perhaps more interesting, to say "Panel: Osama sought Saddam's help."  So Saddam wasn't behind 9-11. I never believed that. Bush never said it. Today (Friday), buried on A-5, is an article in which the commission members respond to that morning's media orgy of headlines that say essentially, "Panel contradicts Bush." They emphasize that they DID find "contacts" between Al Qaida and Saddam. Even the panel's reigning Democrat, Lee Hamilton, went so far Thursday as to say the media-magnified clash between the administration's words and the commission's report was "not that apparent to me."  [The full Hamilton quote: "I must say I have trouble understanding the flack over this. The Vice President is saying, I think, that there were connections between al Qaeda and Saddam Hussein's government. We don't disagree with that. What we have said is what the governor just said, we don't have any evidence of a cooperative, or a corroborative relationship between Saddam Hussein's government and these al Qaeda operatives with regard to the attacks on the United States. So it seems to me the sharp differences that the press has drawn, the media has drawn, are not that apparent to me."]  In fact, what was most interesting to me in the commission's staff report Wednesday was that it demolished the old canard that Osama, as a religious purist, would never dirty his holy hands by dealing with a secular fascist like Saddam. This was received wisdom on the intellectual left, and I also accepted it until about the time the war began and I began questioning everything I had learned from that side.  You might think it would be Saddam, hemmed in by sanctions and no-fly zones, who would reach out to the free-ranging Islamists for an alliance. But instead, as the report tells it, it was Osama who made "systematic efforts" to work together with Iraq, asking for ground for training camps and help getting weapons. It was a courtship in the early stages. Thank the gods -- and the United States -- that it never was consummated.  Instead, America get "reporting" like this, from John Roberts of CBS:   It is one of President Bush's last surviving justifications for war in Iraq, and today, it took a devastating hit when the 9-11 Commission declared there was no collaborative relationship between Saddam Hussein and Osama bin Laden. ... Those repeated associations left the majority of Americans believing Saddam was involved in 9/11, but the commission today put the nail in that connection, or for that matter, any other al-Qaida acts of terror against America, declaring, 'There is no credible evidence that Iraq and al-Qaida cooperated on attacks against the United States.' The report is yet another blow to the president's credibility as he struggles to find the exit door in Iraq and opens him up to new criticism on the wisdom of taking on Saddam with al-Qaida's leadership still at large.  
     
    


	 
      A  urlLink  CBC headline   claims that " 'Improvised defence' cost lives on Sept. 11: report"  I haven't read the report in detail, but nowhere, anywhere, in the CBC news story or any other story I've seen, does it say anything like that. As I skimmed today's releases from the 9/11 commission, the criticism was aimed at the FCC for not alerting the "defence" forces sooner. By the time the fighter jets scrambled, everything that was going to hit its target had already done so.  Improvised defense, yes. But how did it cost lives? Which lives? The only hijacked plane that had a chance in hell of being intercepted was Flight 93, the one that went down in western Pennsylvania. And those lives were all lost either way. Thanks to the heroics of the passengers, no one who wasn't on that plane died in its fall.  If the passengers had not done what they did, it's likely that that plane would have taken out the Capitol (or possibly the White House). The  urlLink  New York Times story   makes this explicit:   Had Flight 93 not crashed in Pennsylvania, it would have arrived in the Washington area 10 to 20 minutes later, the staff report said.   "There was only one set of fighters orbiting Washington, D.C., during this time frame," the report said, referring to a pair of F-16's from Langley Air Force Base in Virginia. "They were armed and under Norad's control."  But they had not been told that they were authorized to shoot down an aircraft, contrary to what Vice President Dick Cheney thought at that time. In fact, the report noted, "the Langley pilots were never briefed about the reason they were scrambled" and did not know that the vice president had ordered that a Washington-bound hijacked jet be shot down.  
     
    


	 
      Grim headlines sprout atop the story of the coalition-commissioned poll of 1,093 Iraqi adults in six cities — Baghdad, Basra, Mosul, Diwaniyah, Hillah and Baquba — taken May 14-23. "Disturbing" (Fox News), "Gloomy" (Business News). It is disturbing and gloomy. The numbers are way too high for my liking and for the safety of our troops. But is it really the stark proof of failure that the AP, reporting with undue malice, paints it to be?  The AP isn't kind enough to break down the numbers by city or ethnicity (which may be lacking in the poll itself, as they obtained it), but based on what it does report, the pollsters didn't talk to a single Kurd, who comprise about 15 percent of Iraq's population.  According to the AP, 55 percent of Iraqis reported to the pollsters they would feel safer if U.S. troops immediately left. This is said to indicate a big tumble in Iraqi affection for their liberators, and the AP links it to the Abu Ghraib scandal.  But for comparison, look at the  urlLink  USA Today/CNN/Gallup nationwide poll of 3,500 Iraqis, taken in late March and April,   before the scandal broke big.  In answer to that poll's question, if the Coalition left today, would you feel more safe or less safe, only 40 percent said "more safe" or "no difference." But in the Kurdish areas, only 5 percent said "more safe." In Baghdad, meanwhile, at that time 47 percent said "more safe" or "no difference." When you factor out the Kurds, the gap between the old poll and the new one closes considerably.  Bear in mind, too, that the earlier poll was not limited to cities, and the later one was. The direct experience of violence involving Coalition troops likely is greater in cities than in the countryside, whereas the degree of rebuilding and improvement is probably measurably greater, at this point, in rural areas than in urban ones.  And of course, it's always possible that the Iraqis now say they would feel "more safe" without the Coalition around because they have more confidence in the local police and military, which would mean the Coalition is doing its job. The AP article even mentions that this confidence seems to be apparent in the new poll. But it keeps that news far from its reporting on the "more safe or less safe" question. That would seem too much like "good news."  According to the new poll, "Ninety-two per cent of the Iraqis said they considered coalition troops occupiers." In the March/April Gallup poll, that figure was only 71 percent. However, in answer to the "occupiers or liberators" question, back in March and April 82 percent of Baghdadis said occupiers; in Shi'ite areas and Sunni areas it was 80 percent. (In Kurdish areas, it was only 1 percent.) Once again, the gap is less than it looks, if you equalize the samplings in the two polls.  This question is a false dichotomy anyhow; the U.S. and coalition troops certainly can be seen as both occupiers and liberators. The Gallup poll was nuanced enough to phrase the question to allow for this: "Do you think now of Coalition forces mostly as occupiers or mostly as liberators?" Without knowing the exact phrasing of the new poll's question, it's difficult to compare, again, but the AP article seems to indicate it was offered as a straight "either/or" proposition.	  Without knowing which percent of the latest poll came from which cities (Basra, Diwaniyah, Hillah are Shi'ite, Baquba is Sunni Triangle and Mosul is mostly Sunni), it's hard to make a direct comparison, but clearly if you lop off that overwhelming positive response from the Kurds and rachet up the total negative answers from the March-April poll, the change is not as great as it first appears.  Here's another bit of warped AP reporting:  	 Anger at Americans was evident in other aspects of the poll, including a rapid rise in popularity for al-Sadr, the Muslim cleric who has been leading insurgents fighting U.S.-led coalition forces.	  	 The poll shows more people supporting Sadr. This much we agree on. But how does the AP get off calling that "evidence" of "anger at Americans"? Since half the cities are in Shi'ite areas, it could as easily, it seems to me, indicate people looking over their shoulders at Sadr's gunmen walking through their neighborhood, and giving the "right" answer.
     
    


	 
      This has been out there for a while, but it's worth a read:  urlLink  Faith, Shame, and Insurgency: Life in occupied Iraq    Steven Vincent, a New York-based freelancer, went to Iraq late last year to report on life  after the fall of Saddam. He stayed in Baghdad from mid-September to late October, and took a four-day trip to Basra. Then he published this account in  "Reason,"  a monthly whose editorial staff was against the Iraq war.   Although my experiences were by no means exhaustive, I feel confident that they were intense and profound enough to offer a valid perspective on the state of Iraq today. I spoke to cab drivers, Islamic clerics, waiters, Western journalists, American and British soldiers, anti-war activists, human rights activists, Iraqi housewives, employed and unemployed academics, children, U.S. government officials -— as close to a full panoply of current Baghdad life as I could. What I saw and heard surprised, delighted, and horrified me in ways I could never have predicted.   Along with some telling, and damning, observations on the European and Arab-language media, he confronts his editors with the ultimate Big Question. On behalf of the Iraqis he met, he poses the question for the self-righteous anti-war editors, "for the specialists in the art of uncovering lies and punishing the liars, for the men and women who are solidarity incarnate, humanism incarnate, justice incarnate, fair-play incarnate, and truth incarnate."   And when Iraqis come to you and say "We Iraqis believe that the refusal of France and Germany to offer us help, and the promised departure of Spain, are a catastrophe," I'd like to know what you propose to tell them. Will you make them read your interminable articles, columns, fillers on the lies of José Maria Aznar? Will you make them listen to your jeers, wisecracks, and guffaws concerning Bush and Blair and the threat of WMD? Do you intend to show them the headlines of France's five top dailies during the Iraq war, 29 of which were critical of Saddam Hussein and 135 of which lambasted George Bush and his allies? Will you distribute 10,000 copies of Bertrand Le Gendre's pre-war piece reassuring French readers that the American president's "horror vision of Irak [as a place with an inhumane prison system] is not totally false, but it is simplistic"? Will you make them read every article droning on about every supposed sin in American society?   Go ahead! Tell them that the world's number 1 enemy is America and its society! Go ahead, and tell them that the coalition was wrong in invading Saddam Hussein's Iraq! Go ahead, tell them that they, and the world, are worse off than they were before! Tell them that Bush and Blair and Aznar are despicable liars! Tell them that starting the war and overthrowing Saddam was illegal! Tell them that a UN plan would have saved them and brought about a palatable solution for all! Tell them that you are the ones who embody peace, and truth, and justice, and brotherhood, and love among all mankind! What are you waiting for?! Go ahead! Tell them!    
     
    


	 
       urlLink  This letter-writer   to the Daily Dish has a suggested alternative poll for Iraqis. Here's an abbreviated version:   1. If you could leave tomorrow, would you like to move to the U.S.A.? 2. If you could choose another country to temporarily occupy Iraq to rid your country of a barbaric regime, would you have picked a country other than the U.S.A.? 3. If yes to no. 2, what other country would that be? 4. How confident are you that the U.S.A. will end its military occupation of your country when asked to do so by your government? 5. Do you believe it is (a) a bad idea, (b) a good idea or (c) a great idea for Iraq to have a treaty with the U.S.A. guaranteeing that country's full military support in the event you are ever attacked by one of your neighbors after the U.S.A. ends its military occupation? 6. Do you want Saddam Hussein restored to power? 7. Do you wish Uday or Qusay were still alive and could stand for election in your country next January? 8. Do you believe the American people have (a) positive opinions or (b) negative opinions about the Iraqi people? 9. Is the opinion of the American people about the Iraqi people important to you? 10. Do you believe the American people are right to sacrifice its sons and daughters to to rid your country of Saddam Hussein and try and help you become a functional society? 11. If the situation were reversed, and the U.S.A. were governed by Saddam Hussein, would you have been willing to sacrifice even one of your countrymen to help the U.S.A. get rid of him?  
     
    


	 
        June 16, 2004 -- THE video only lasts four minutes or so — grue some scenes of torture from the days when Saddam Hussein's thugs ruled Abu Ghraib prison. I couldn't bear to watch, so I walked out until it was over.   Some who stayed wished they hadn't. They told of savage scenes of decapitation, fingers chopped off one by one, tongues hacked out with a razor blade — all while victims shriek in pain and the thugs chant Saddam's praises.   Saddam's henchmen took the videos as newsreels to document their deeds in honor of their leader.   But these awful images didn't show up on American TV news.     urlLink  Deborah Orin, at the New York Post, on "REPORTING FOR THE ENEMY"   
     
    


	 
       urlLink  Coalition Provisional Authority press conference transcripts   can be found here. Next time you read a news story that quotes from one of them, check out the whole thing. It's an eye-opener.
     
    


	 
      AP writer John Solomon goes for a new low in the "sneering lede" contest:    WASHINGTON - President Bush is fond of telling Americans they have liberated Iraq and that the country's future generations will be thankful. The current generation, however, overwhelmingly views U.S. forces as occupiers and wishes they would just leave, according to a poll commissioned by the administration.   Oh, it's grim news. And the AP's Solomon just delights in rubbing it in, even giving the impression that, somehow, the CPA tried to cover it up (though the intrepid AP somehow got hold of it, as did every other news outlet).   The poll, requested by the Coalition Provisional Authority last month but not released to the American public, found more than half of Iraqis surveyed believed both that they'd be safer without U.S. forces and that all Americans behave like the military prison guards pictured in the Abu Ghraib abuse photos.    And after more damning statistics, especially compared to earlier reports, and more armchair experts weighing in on the death of the Bush Administration, in the 19th paragraph out of 21 in the story comes the key bit you needed all along to put this in context.   The coalition's Iraq polling of 1,093 adults selected randomly in six cities — Baghdad, Basra, Mosul, Diwaniyah, Hillah and Baquba ....    All city-dwellers. The security and progress in the cities of Iraq tends to be less than that of the country as a whole. The change in quality of life in some village along the Euphrates in the Southern Marshes since the war began is dramatic. In Baghdad, some things are still worse, in part because Saddam steered some resources, like electricity, into the capital before the war and starved the countryside.  And look at the cities: Three Shiite and two Sunni and Baghdad. Baquba and Mosul are two of the most restive in the country. Basra and Diwaniyah were shaken by al-Sadr's uprising during just the period of the polling.  And look whose missing: not just all the rural folk, but all the Kurds. A full 15 percent or so of Iraq, where people consistently report that they are as happy as clams with the U.S. effort. Take that 15 percent off all the "pro-American" results of all the earlier, balanced polls, and you'll get the point that the numbers, while not good, are not in fact spiraling out of hand.  But don't count on the AP to tell you that.
     
    


	 
      The moral stridency in the supposedly secular European press is alarming at times. Newspapers collect their coverage of major events in book form, to showcase their best journalism and make a few extra bucks.  "The Guardian,"  one of the leading British dailies, sent embedded reporters that followed some British units into Basra and did some fine reporting. As soon as the war ended,  "The Guardian"  published its book. What did the editors call it? "The Fall of Saddam"? "Victory in Iraq"? Not a chance. They called it  "The War We Could Not Stop." 
     
    


	 
      "Iraq had nothing to do with 9-11," my editor says. Which is to insist that Americans be too stupid to figure out the connections between rich, weapons-hungry totalitarian rogue state dictators in the Islamic world and the destruction of American cities and tragic loss of life.  "But, Iraq didn't do that." That would be my editor's answer. No, of course not. No nation-state did. Do you really want to assert that a nation-state is forbidden from defending itself against some non-national terror movement? That stands the concept of "international law" on its head, It's like saying, as some seem to, that a U.S. soldier can shoot an Iraqi soldier, but if that soldier takes off his uniform and dons a civilian's clothes  and keeps firing his RPG at the U.S. soldier,  he's immune to being shot back at, under the Geneva Accords.  But then this is the same editor who defends running U.S. casualty stories every day out front, while burying terrorist stories and rebuilding stories inside, if allowing them ink at all, by saying, "that's what the readers want."
     
    


	 
      I don't know how much longer I'll be able to stay at my newspaper job. Some days I feel like I could scream, but when the discussions begin I seem to be the one sitting calmly and arguing while my opponents get red-faced and irrational. [Bickering about the Civil War on AOL teaches you infinite patience.]  The other day another editor insisted that exactly the same scenes we saw from Abu Ghraib were official U.S. tactics at Gitmo. I asked him the source of this information, which was new to me, and he got explosive. It seems to me good form, if you're going to engage in a dispute, to be able to back up what you say.  He then insisted that Abu Ghraib stripped away our "moral basis" for freeing Iraq, and left us "just as bad as Saddam." But he denied that was "moral equivalency," and then in the very next breath he said that the war had no legitimacy to begin with, because it was begun under "false pretenses." It's a child's game in reverse; deny the cake and steal it, too.  The unpleasantness ended up with him thrusting an AP article across the desk at me, about the undercover U.S. soldier who suffered permanent injuries while posing as a detainee and being interrogated by other U.S. forces. And I was commanded to "justify that."  Three different balls of fuzz that, somehow, in his head, became an incontrovertible argument that vanquished me. We never did get back to how he could back up his claim about Guantanamo. How do you fight fuzz?  Once you strip back the irrationality and the red face, I think his argument probably came down to the old straw man of "American Exceptionalism." Any time the U.S. attempts a positive change in the world, those who don't like it will retort that we just think we're special, and thus privileged to boss other nations around. They can always go and find that marginal, but (thanks to the Internet) visible, section of the American people that truly believes in its heart of hearts that God Blessed America.  I support the war and the rebuilding of Iraq, and I have no illusions about God or Americans. Whatever "morality" has to do with waging war -- any war -- is a damned slight matter. The United States didn't go to war in 2001 because its people are more moral than those across the ocean, or because God is on our side. We went to war because we were brutally mugged by an enemy who killed almost entirely non-combatants, and got more of them than Pearl Harbor, Gettysburg, and the  Lusitania  sinking combined. As I said before, it's about 3,000 of our fellow citizens, slaughtered in our cities and fields.  Our side went to war because we were attacked, not by a nation-state, but by a vicious movement that festered in a retarded civilization. Part of the cure for that is to give the people in that civilization some hope and purpose, other than the hope of destroying America and the purpose of sailing airliners into tall buildings. What's better than those things? How about the hope of actually running your own country, and building your own future.  Democracy, transparent institutions, an answerable judiciary, an uncorrupt police force, the rule of law, free expression, religious liberty -- these are not god-given perfections, but centuries of human history have taught us that they're the best available way to live collectively. They're not American inventions -- not one of them. Americans haven't been always good at applying them in our big, messy nation.  So what? If only perfect nations could act, none ever would. We won our independence with the help of a French fleet and a Dutch loan. Were the Dutch and the French pure at heart? Did they have a self-interest in seeing Britain lose its colonies? Should the American colonies have accepted British rule rather than using these world powers as a skyhook into freedom?  France, after its Revolution, sowed the seeds of liberty and freedom across Europe. The French conquered many peoples, and were vastly unpopular after their liberations turned to occupations. They ended up getting chased back to France. But the seeds took root. The ideas, not the armies, were the purpose, and the result.  Are we at least as moral a nation as the France of 1800? Yes, and more. There's no blood of the Reign of Terror reeking from our hands (though I am sure you won't have to go far to find some Chomskyite to make an absurd "McCarthy=Robespierre" moral equivalency argument). If enough people in Iraq want their freedom -- want it even more than they want to send the Americans home -- we can give them the room to take it. We'll give them the tools, if they have the hearts. That's why we're there. Is it in our self-interest to do so? Hell, yes, unless you fancy another 9-11 every year for the next century.  We're not in Iraq because we're better than anyone else in the world. (Stronger, yes). We're there because we're exactly  like  everyone else in the world: we want to keep living, with dignity and rights. And if we can help other people get that, and help ourselves at the same time, that's a pragmatic choice, as well as a noble one.  It's the anti-Iraq crowd that is obsessed with American exceptionalism. Without realizing it, they've turned their straw man into their main argument. "You aren't allowed to do anything, because you're not perfect." And it ends up destroying the rest of the world for the sake of America:   "The war in Iraq is bad because it was unilateral and pre-emptive, and because it was begun under false pretenses. Therefore, if reconstruction of Iraq succeeds, and the country emerges as a stable and flourishing democracy, all those poisons at the root of the war will be justified and encouraged. America will be justified and encouraged. It is more important that the Iraq poject fail -- and be seen clearly to fail -- because if it does, morality and justice will prevail again, America will be discouraged and shamed, and the world will be restored to its right order."   All that matters is teaching America a lesson, influencing the outcome of the next election in the States, and containing the "evil" neocons. Average Iraqis? Not even a blip on the radar screen of that crusade. The future of Europe or India America be defeated by Islamists in the Middle East? Nobody gave that a thought. 
     
    


	 
      Lt. Col. Craig Trebilcock, from the U.S. Army Judge Advocate General Corps, is a local guy about my age who has been in the Army for the past 17 years. He spoke to the Rotary here this week, and by sheer coincidence my newspaper sent perhaps the one reporter on staff who would ask him some good questions, knows something about the military, and has some appreciation for what kind of conditions these folks are working under.  I'm almost hesitant to give his name, in case it turns up on a Google search someday and he gets grief from our very anti-Bush/war editors.  But the reporter was kind enough to send me his full transcript of the interview (only a few sentences actually got into print). I want to run some excerpts from it over time. Most of it deals with the evolution of the legal system over there, and general political issues. But the section I want to start with deals with the media coverage (of course).   Q:   I have friends that are, were there, and I get all these reports about how much better things are for the people there than when Saddam was in power, [but] reading the New York Times, the place is a quagmire going to hell worse then when Saddam ran things.    Trebilcock:  Yeah, 'here’s the body count, so many guys dead since the president declared victory;' every time I hear that I want to throw up. There’s a few reasons for that. I can’t look inside somebody’s head, I think some of it is politics. Part of it is bombs and deaths grab more attention than 'hey, a new school opened up in Karbala today that will help 200 children have a better education.' You know, that’s kind of a yawner of a headline compared to 'six contractors and one Marine die in fiery blast.'   The other part of it, to tell you the truth I was really disappointed, generally, in the reporting after the big war stopped; I mean the capture of Baghdad and the fall of the former regime. Up till that point there was a lot of great coverage coming back from embed reporters; you know, 'here I am driving forward with the tanks,' and we saw that even over there with the satellite television. Once the war stopped, all the reporters, largely, have hunkered down in Baghdad. And I’m guessing, I don’t know, there are threats out there for reporters running around, et cetera, but everything you see on TV and coming out in the major papers seems to be it’s some reporter in print or TV who is going up on the roof of his hotel and doing a sound bite and then going back to the hotel bar.  I was all over southern Iraq, I mean all over. From Baghdad south, that was my playground and I was out constantly in convoys and stuff; their weren’t any reporters out there. Nobody wants to leave Baghdad, so nobody’s going out into the countryside and covering these: 'here is this new courthouse opening, here’s these Seabees from the Navy, they just built this courthouse from practically nothing. Here’s this new school.' The new waterworks is open. When we rolled into southern Iraq people got electricity two hours a day, now they get it 24 hours a day. None of that’s being covered and it’s frustrating for me personally and professionally because that’s what my unit did, those sort of projects. And they did a sound bite occasionally, but compared to just doing this body count and here’s another burning building, they’re really not getting covered at all.    Q:   Did you see the NYTimes yesterday? One of their headlines was “U.S. misses deadline for providing electricity.”     Trebilcock:  And it’s probably because the bad guys blew up another pipeline over there and maybe it’s a short-run thing, maybe it’s a long-run thing.  I was stationed most of my time there at a place called Camp Babylon, which is about 60 miles south of Baghdad, and when we first got there I lived in one of [Saddam's] palaces that got looted. We were up on this big hill that towered over the countryside. You could see 50 miles in each direction, and at night, at first, it was like the surface of the moon. I mean it was black as a bottle of ink.   And, each night, as days went on for the next couple of nights, more and more of the lights in the houses and towns out in the countryside in the 50-mile diameter started coming on and coming on. It was like watching the country coming to life. And those lights weren’t out because we had bombed the place; they were out because the old system didn’t provide these people with electricity except for those two hours a day.    It was great ... to watch those lights go on. It was like watching a country go from the Bronze Age level of existence in the southern part of the country to a modern country with electricity. So, the U.S. has blown it with providing electricity? They are being really myopic.    Q:   I also read they write about pipelines getting blown up, but they never write about them getting fixed, or how fast they were fixed.    Trebilcock:  Or the sacrifice of the people who get shot at to go out and repair them. And not just the military guys, the contractors. I mean, these guys are all heroes. These contractors don’t get near enough credit. I mean they might make a good wage going over there, but you can’t spend it if you’re dead, and a lot of them are at risk a lot of the time.   Q:   So, by and large would you tell people that it’s been worth it and we’re doing good over there?    Trebilcock:  I would say it’s been worth it. Overall it’s been a success story, some real black blemishes on the radar screen, Abu Ghraib for example. It’s a small group of people, and they should be punished for having done that. At the same time, we’re talking about things that aren’t covered, the amount of restraint that our troops are showing over there is incredible. I mean under the laws of warfare, for example churches and mosques are protected, but if you take fire from them, you can attack them under the laws of war.  Well, there are mosques over there from which our guys got sniped at constantly, and we did not return fire and we did not take on the mosque out of respect for their religion and the Iraqi people. Because we knew the bad guys wanted to draw us into destroying the mosques so they could go on al Jazeera and say, 'here are the jack-booted Americans stomping on your religion.'   So guys got shot out of these mosques and we didn’t even return fire. We would go to the village elders and the religious leaders and say, 'look, we know there’s bad guys in the mosque, you’ve got to get them out of there. We don’t want to destroy the mosque, we respect your religion, please do something.' And they would do something and it would stop for three days, and then the snipers would come back again.       So, any portrayal of these American troops over there as trigger-happy John Wayne types is just so far from the truth it’s not even funny. Bad stuff happens in war. It does. Sometimes people get shot because somebody gets nervous, or overreacts or whatever, but as an army, the training, the rules that given to the soldiers and just their personal restraint is just amazing.   
     
    


	 
      John C. Yoo, a law professor who was an aide in the U.S. Department of Justice from 2001 to 2003, worked on the Bush Administration's anti-terrorism policy as it applies to the Geneva Conventions. In  urlLink  "Perspectives on the Rules of War,"   in the San Francisco Chronicle, he outlines how, as he sees it, why the rules must change:   [A]l Qaeda also does not fall into the traditional category of interstate war. Our previous struggles have come from nations, such as the Soviet Union, Germany and Japan. They all fielded armed forces, defended territory and protected civilian populations. Al Qaeda is an organization with covert cells of operatives who hide among civilians. It has no territory to defend, no population to protect, no infrastructure or armies in the field to attack. Its primary goal -- to target and kill large numbers of civilians --   violates the very core purpose of the laws of war to spare civilian life and limit combat to armies. Because it is interested only in killing civilians, systematically violates the laws of war and is not a state, al Qaeda should not receive the normal prisoner-of-war protections that are reserved only for national armed forces.   It is only appropriate that we have a public debate about the rules to confront terrorism, even if spurred by the leaking of classified information. But we should also realize that claims of violations of human-rights law or the Constitution must be evaluated in the context of the realities created by Sept. 11.    
     
    


	 
       urlLink  Andrew Sullivan   is agonizing over the Abu Ghraib incident (bad news, by the way: it's far from over, and more "worst" is yet to come). A few bad-to-the-bone types say, "so what?" Most of the pro-liberation people I have read are devastated and disappointed, but grimly determined to carry on in spite of the setback, and eager to see the guilty punished swiftly and openly, to prove our system works. At the same time, they wish to keep the abuses in perspective, especially by comparing them to what Saddam did.  Parents fed alive into plastic shredders in front of their children. The day the tanks rolled into al-Hillah with "No Shiites after Today" painted on their turrets, and the Republican Guards made the citizens lie down in a row in the street and ran over their heads.  But Sullivan is one of those who considers Abu Ghraib to be a crippling blow, because, "how we conduct this war is as important as winning it. We cannot lose our soul in the process." I commend his effort to plumb the moral and ethical depths of the prison abuse scandal. My shift from complacent liberalism to support of a Republican president's pursuit of war is a post-9/11 experience and I'm still a bit woozy from the swing. I'm still trying to parse all this out, too, and his posts on the matter do help clarify the complexities.  He is trying to trace the problem down from the top, seeing it in terms of ripples from Rumsfeld-Bush decisions to aggressively pursue counter-terror intelligence.   How did those new relaxed rules get moved from Guanatanamo against high-profile Qaeda terrorists to people dragged in off the street in Baghdad? We don't yet know. But we do know that the administration debated various methods of torture - because Rumsfeld signed off on some and then had a change of heart and restricted some of the more horrifying methods.   There certainly are two strains to what went wrong in Abu Ghraib. The one, which Sullivan articulates well, is the top-down problem of sanctioned abuses.  But also bear in mind that there is likely a strong strain of sadism in the U.S. prison system. I say "likely" only because my evidence is anecdotal. I don't have statistics, but, I have had some experience in the BDSM community (it's a long story), and I can tell you I probably encountered more self-identified prison guards there than any single other occupation.  I also know that, as a newspaper editor, after the Abu Ghraib photos were printed, I took several phone calls from people who had been in the local county prison who told me you could see the same things happening there in any given week: snarling dogs and naked men cowering. Court and police beat reporters I work with, as well as public defenders, had no trouble believing this.  [Yet for some reason my fellow editors, all in a lather over Abu Ghraib, don't seem to think this cllose-to-home problem is worth investigating. We don't report this with scandalous page one coverage and scathing editorials.]   Just so you know it's not just me, I plucked a few observations from the Calpundit blog discussion forum on the wrangling earlier this year between Gov. Schwarzenegger and the California prison guards' union:   "A significant part of my professional life is defending prison guards (in a relatively civilized prison system) from lawsuits by inmates. It is certainly true that most claims are bogus. Nevertheless, I can tell you of my own knowledge (the attorney-client privilege prevents my giving specifics) that abuse, often quite astounding abuse, is far too common."   Or this one.   "The abuse of prisoners by guards is something that happens. Such violence surely has its origin in the need to assert control over a population of prisoners -- which is a very sticky proposition if you have to look over violent, half-crazy offenders. It is no joke that many criminals are mentally ill or close to it -- and violent chaos can and will erupt despite the best layed plans. I have some sympathy for the difficulty of the job.  "That said, it is clear to anyone who wants to examine the facts that a culture of sadism has developed in some of our prisons, and in the spirits of some, perhaps many, guards. Gladiator matches and organized rape-sodomy are documented realities. To say nothing of the general dehumanization of prisoners -- 90% of whom will be released eventually and live among us with their scarred psyches. Only fools argue against aggressive rehabilitation programs: education and mental health treatment."   Combine that aspect of many -- certainly not all -- prison guards, with the fluid, violent, and unrestrained atmosphere of Abu Ghraib in late 2003, and you don't necessarily need a Rumsfeld dictum or a Bush legal team memo to arrive at the scenes we've seen.  Certainly something as idiotic as taking video footage and photographs of your escapades is far more consistent with a sexual fetish than it is with a government trying to cheat on international laws.  Yet the extensive  urlLink  Human Rights Watch report on Abu Ghraib   makes  no mention whatsoever  of U.S. prison culture. Instead, its damning report allows only Bush Administration officials any direct responsibility. You'd think a worldwide human rights group would be as concerned with U.S. prisoners as with Iraqi prisoners. But apparently not so, at least when there's partisan hay to be made.  The top-down problem collided head-on with the bottom-up (pardon that) problem at the level of the prison supervisors, who were -- I suspect -- feeling heat from higher up to get better information and at the same time neglecting to supervise their people on the floor. 
     
    


	 
       urlLink  The Religious policeman,   among other wickedly amusing (but really pretty sad) observations from Saudi Arabia today, reports this news item, dateline London:   12 June 2004 — One of the imams of the Grand Mosque in Makkah led prayers for inter-faith peace and harmony in London yesterday ... Around 10,000 worshippers gathered at the East London Mosque, and surrounding streets in the city’s Whitechapel district to hear Sheikh Abdul Rahman Al-Sudais, organizers said.   Then he, ironically, envisions the Saudi flip-side version of this story:   Needless to say, the English Religious Police (the "Bobbawa") soon swooped onto him and his infidel followers. He was consigned to Newgate Jail, infamous home to the dregs of London's criminal underclass, to be suspended from chains and have the soles of his feet beaten. His 10,000 infidel followers were rounded up and immediately deported to their country of origin. Said David Blunkett, the UK's dreaded Minister of the Interior, "Foreigners must realize that they are guests in this country, and this country is home to the Anglican Church's most sacred site. Her Majesty is Custodian of the Holy Cathedral. We will therefore not permit any form of religious observance other than that of the Church of England. No Muslim, Hindu or Buddist will be permitted to enter any church, or travel into the City of Canterbury. Catholics and Orthodox will be permitted, as long as they don't do any of that "sign of the cross" or "Hail Mary" stuff. Anyone seen hanging prayer beads from their rear-view mirror will be immediately deported. We respect the right of all religions to carry out their religious practices, as long as they do it in their own home, and in groups of no more than two. No Qurans, or religious books from other religions, may be imported. And to the hostile press that are always attacking our society and cultural values, I say, five hundred years ago we would have burnt all infidels at the stake. We are now much more tolerant."   
     
    


	 
      At times, it's difficult to discover what Osama and his fellow Islamists want. His early written attacks on the West mention the withdrawal of U.S. troops from Saudi Arabia and the end of sanctions against Iraq. These have been accomplished, though in ways not to his liking.  But as time goes by, the bigger picture becomes more clear. The recent attacks in Saudi Arabia, meant to destabilize the oil industry that is the developed world's addiction, help establish the bigger picture.  So does  urlLink  this story from Singapore,   which broke into the world news cycle for a day last week, then promptly vanished:   Singapore is trying to blow the whistle on the global threat posed by jihadists taking their terror tactics to the sea.   Minister for Security Tony Tan said attacks on ships by sea pirates in Southeast Asia are resembling military operations – growing bolder, more violent and fuelling fears of an attack that would cripple world trade.   He said the risk of a devastating attack is growing.   "We have been alarmed not only by the increase in the number of pirate attacks in the sea lanes of communication in this part of the world, but also in the nature of the piracy attacks," said Tan.   The key to all this is Malacca Strait, through which a third of world trade passes. It's not a key to U.S. oil supplies, but it is the main conduit from the Middle East to Japan -- and to the developing Chinese economy. Singapore has been ably fending off the unwanted attentions of Jemaah Islamiyah and other Islamist groups. What Tan reports is the kind of development you might compare to a sudden rise in, say, a number of young Middle Eastern men who have been in Taliban Afghanistan suddenly taking flight training at out-of-the-way U.S. schools. Tan again:   "In previous years when you had a piracy attack, what it meant is that you have a sampan or a boat coming up to a cargo ship, pirates throwing up some ropes, scrambling on board, ransacking the ship for valuables, stealing money and then running away. But the last piracy attack that took place in the Straits of Malacca showed a different pattern." The pirates were well armed, operating sophisticated weapons and commanding high-speed boats. "They conducted the operation almost with military precision."   "Instead of just ransacking the ship for valuables, they took command of the ship, and steered the ship for about an hour, and then eventually left with the captain in their captivity. To all of us, this is reminiscent of the pattern by which terrorists mount an attack."   "We are concerned that terrorists may seize control of a tanker with a cargo of lethal materials, LNG (liquefied natural gas) perhaps, chemicals, and use it as a floating bomb against our port," Tan said. "This would cause catastrophic damage, not only to the port but also for people, because our port is located very near to a highly dense residential area. Thousands of people would be killed."   "If terrorists were to seize a tanker, a large ship, and sink it into a narrow part of the Straits it will cripple world trade. It would have the iconic large impact which terrorists seek."    U.S. intelligence officials also have said Western luxury liners and aircraft carriers could be targets. Of course, al Qaida has done this sort of thing before, in October 2000 against the U.S.S. Cole. Two years later they pulled off a similar attack against a French supertanker off the coast of Yemen.   The high-tech Cole nearly done in by the crudest form of hate-driven attack. It's another example of the seriousness of this lopsided war. These aren't enemies we can ignore. They know they can't face us in the kind of fight that has defined world conflicts since the days of the Greeks. But they still believe they can win. And the evidence so far won't discourage them.   Like Hitler, bin Ladenism has an agenda: the end of the liberal West. Its supposedly crackpot vision is actually a petrol-rich Middle East free of Jews, Christians, and Westerners, free to rekindle spiritual purity under Sharia. Bin Laden's al Reich is a vast pan-Arabic, Taliban-like caliphate run out of Mecca by new prophets like him, metering out oil to a greedy West in order to purchase the weapons of its destruction; there is, after all, an Israel to be nuked, a Europe to be out-peopled and cowered, and an America to be bombed and terrorized into isolation. This time we are to lose not through blood and iron, but through terror and intimidation: televised beheadings, mass murders, occasional bombings, the disruption of commerce, travel, and the oil supply.    urlLink  [Victor David Hanson, on "Feeding the Minotaur"]    
     
    


	 
      The Al-Qa'ida-identified journal  Sawt Al-Jihad  has an interview with Fawwaz bin Muhammad Al-Nashami, commander of the Al-Quds Brigade that took responsibility for the May 29 attack at Khobar, Saudi Arabia, in which 22 people were killed.  urlLink  The Middle East Media Research Institute   has excerpts from the whole horrific thing.   "At the same time, we found a Swedish infidel. Brother Nimr cut off his head, and put it at the gate [of the building] so that it would be seen by all those entering and exiting.   "We continued in the search for the infidels, and we slit the throats of those we found among them. At the same time, we heard the sound of the patrols and the gathering [of the security personnel] outside. These cowards did not dare to enter. About 45 minutes or an hour had passed since the beginning of the operation.   "We began to comb the site looking for infidels. We found Philipino Christians. We cut their throats and dedicated them to our brothers the Mujahideen in the Philippines. [Likewise], we found Hindu engineers and we cut their throats too, Allah be praised. That same day, we purged Muhammad's land of many Christians and polytheists.   
     
    


	 
      This is from an e-mail from a Navy chaplain, serving in Iraq. It was forwarded to me by a friend:  I was born in 1958 and came of age when the Vietnam War and the anti-war movement were both in full swing.  It has taken me years to put this into words, but I believe that as bad as that war was, the legacy of the anti-war movement was worse.  The anti-war movement gave rise to the moral superiority of non-involvement and non-commitment.  While that may have worked to help draft-dodgers sleep at night, it's not much of a strategy of how to go through life.  Taken to its logical conclusion the message is: don't commit to your county, don't commit to your spouse, and don't commit to your kids, church, or community.  Don't commit to cleaning up your own mess or any cause that demands any more from you than rhetoric. This was the mindset in which our country was firmly stuck. Until 9/11, some woke up. Kids came down and joined the service.  To the dismay of some of their teachers, parents, and the media elites, they came down here and raised their hand in front of the flag.  And they are still coming to the shock of the non-committers.  The Marines have more enlisting than their two boot camps can handle.  And we are all here together for Memorial Day 2004.  Old National Guardsmen, grandfathers, and single moms, Texans and Mexicans, Surfers and Rednecks. A few weeks ago an Illinois National Guardsman, mother of three, was hit six times, saved by her body armor, but lost part of her nose.  She stayed on her 50 caliber, firing on the bad guys, protecting the convoy.  She said she was thinking of her kids and the guys she was with. Commitment is love acted out.  It is sad that the non-committers missed that. They and their moral high-ground haven't been near a mass grave. The kids I see and eat with every day still want to help this country, in spite of getting shot at while doing it. That is love acted out.  You either get it, or you don't.
     
    


	 
       urlLink  Irwin M. Stelzer   has some interesting observations about Chirac's celebration of D-Day:   This being Chirac's home turf, he got to set the stage, using $54 million of his taxpayers' money to make certain that the backdrop showed him to advantage. And an ahistorical stage it was. The flags of nations that had nothing to do with the landings were represented, to the surprise of those of us who do not remember Sweden as supporting the Allied cause during World War II. Even the E.U. flag was on parade, although it did not exist on June 6, 1944.  Then, too, watching the weight accorded in the ceremonies to the French contribution on that historic and bloody day, one could easily get the impression that the French self-liberated. Never mind that de Gaulle was not told about the invasion until June 4, or that only 500 of the 156,000 troops involved in the invasion were Free French fighters (who fought very well), far fewer than were then in the service of the Nazis in Vichy France.   Chirac's inflation of the role of France in the D-Day invasion might be chalked up to national pride. But his insistence on including German chancellor Gerhard Schröder in the celebration, despite the fact that German troops were on the hills shooting down at the beaches on which the Allied troops landed, is another matter. The French president was eager to put on display a Franco-German alliance that is forged in steel, and is prepared to be the core of a united Europe that will counter the American hyperpower. Chirac made it clear that the invitation to the German chancellor was designed not only to trumpet the reconciliation between these historic enemies. It was also aimed at giving further impetus to the creation of a European superstate, populated by what Schröder in his remarks called "Citizens of Europe." This new superstate, France believes, will have the population, economic muscle, and geopolitical reach to rival the United States. And when the new European constitution is signed in a few days, the E.U. will become a legal entity, with its own supranational police, court system, foreign policy, and national song. No more unipolar world, say the French, even though the Europeans will continue to direct the bulk of their resources to their welfare states rather than to their militaries.  By way of reciprocation, Schröder thanked "France and its allies" and "Russia" for--in the words of CNN's Christiane Amanpour--"liberating" Germany from the Nazis. No mention of America. The implication that some foreign body had imposed Hitler on an unwilling German populace, and that France had "liberated" Germany probably came as no surprise to experienced CNN and Amanpour fans.   
     
    


	 
           A scene from the horror story of BBC correspondent Frank Gardner, gunned down by Islamists in the streets of Riyadh, won't leave me. They killed his Irish-born cameraman and shot Gardner and left him for dead, but he sat in the street, conscious, bleeding, and shouted to bystanders, in Arabic, "I'm a Muslim, help me, I'm a Muslim, help me."  The Beeb's news director said, "Nobody knew Saudi Arabia or knew the sort of risks they were undertaking better than Frank who had lived and worked in Saudi Arabia and spoke fluent Arabic ...."  Which tells me Gardner shouted out, not "help me, I'm dying," or "help me, I've been shot," but "help me, I'm a Muslim," because he knew those were the words that would move people around him to do something to save his life.  In what other place in the world would a man, obviously gravely injured, have to shout out an explanation of his religious affiliation before he got help to save his life?  In Tel Aviv, I can imagine, a wounded person might shout, "help me, I'm a Jew," if he had reason to think that the people around him feared he was a Palestinian martyr-in-the-making with a half a crate of dynamite strapped to his body. But even if that is the case, I hardly think that proves a flaw in the heart of the people of Tel Aviv, or their religion.  Can you imagine a man dying on the streets of Philadelphia or Copenhagen, shouting out, "help me, I'm a Christian"?  What's wrong with Islam, that in its core nation, this can happen? Even beyond the fact of the shooting itself, which is part of a wider political and religious war, why this cruelty?  For that matter, why the crushing treatment of women, the "dhimmitude" status of non-Muslims, the muzzled media, the denial of basic civil rights for Shiites in Saudi Arabia, the genocide against blacks in Sudan, the murderous repression of gays everywhere, the continuing tendency to slavery.  It's part of the "problem of Islam." The modern leaders of the faith, in Saudi Arabia, have embraced a brutally fundamentalist form of Islam, to the exclusion of other interpretations. Those interpretations do exist, but they're not being given breathing room. After 9-11, this is no longer merely an internal concern among Muslims. As Irshad Manji points out, "How the Koran is allowed to be interpreted -- and how it isn't -- has become everybody's business."  I've opposed fundamentalism in the religious culture around me. Since I am an American, that religion principally has been Christianity. Three years ago I found my country under attack from a different religion's fundamentalists. I have no problem recognizing the same enemy. Fundamentalism in the three great monotheisms, as Karen Armstrong wrote, is of a piece. It offers the same solutions to the same challenges, and along the way it locks personal paranoias and cultural fetishes into the word of God.  Jesus happened to live in a time when Roman might so dominated the world that only suicidal fanatics would oppose it in open warfare. There were such insurgents among the Israelites of his day, and my secular historical view says that his modification of Judaism survived, and theirs didn't, because he turned from violent struggle, as from the outer world. That is why Christianity has had its wonderful pacifist quality, its spiritualism. (The disturbing flip-side of that is that it has been, at times, the ideal religion for slaves.)  Muhammad had it different. "Islam was born in an extremely harsh and violent environment and received a very hostile and aggressively violent reaction from the tribes of seventh century Arabia. The first Muslims had to fight for survival until Islam prevailed throughout Arabia by the time of the death of the Prophet. The preexisting norms of intertribal relations were heavily, if not completely, dependent on the use or threat of violent force by the claimant of any right, even the right to exist." [Abdullahi Ahmed An-Na'im] As a result, even though the Shari'a introduced controls on violence and tribalism that were progressive for that time and place, the Quran repeatedly enjoins Muslims to support each other, disassociate themselves from non-Muslims, and fight unbelievers "and slay them wherever you catch them, and seize them, beleaguer them, and lie in wait for them in every stratagem" [9:5] unless they submit to Islam.  Far more than in the other great monotheisms, a militant, violent tendency is limned in the holy texts of this religion, as is rejection and hatred of the "unbelievers." The fundamentalists and absolutists in Christianity and Judaism generally exist on the fringes of those faiths. In Islam, for centuries, they have been at the helm of it. Except in the North American mosques, and less and less even in them, the idea of "ecumenical Islam" is a contradiction in terms.  But the problem in the picture is more than that.  Islam is Arab-centric. The Quran is only read, properly, in Arabic, even if you're a Malaysian Muslim. V.S. Naipal has written eloquently about this, and how it warps lives and cultures in the non-Arab Muslim lands. "The disturbance for societies is immense, and even after a thousand years can remain unresolved; the turning away has to be done again and again. People develop fantasies about who and what they are; and in the Islam of converted countries there is an element of neurosis and nihilism."   Manji herself, in her wonderful book,  "The Trouble With Islam,"  tells of a speech she gave at a North American university. The campus Muslim Students Association showed up to try to intimidate her, and they lined the walls and glared at her as she spoke about "God and gays." When they got down to Q and A time, she began to challenge them, offering up the diverse, non-fundamentalist approaches to Islam that once had flourished in places like Pakistan. One of her attackers shot back that that was, "because Pakistanis are not real Muslims. They're converts. Islam was revealed to the Arabs." Without intending to, she had hit on just the weapon to make the solid wall of her opponents melt -- many of those who had come to object to her lesbianism were South Asian Muslims.  Gardner  is  a Muslim. But he also obviously is a Westerner. When he was shot, it was his non-Arab skin color that marked him out as different to the people whose forms you can half see in this picture, watching him pleading for his life.  In parts of old segregated America, there once were hospitals that would not admit black people. Billie Holliday died of such prejudice. And it's been damned and execrated and rightly banished from modern America. Our health care is still far from equitable, in terms of rich, middle-class, and poor. But if any American ambulance driver refused to pick up a black person, or an Arab, for that matter, he'd be fired at once and lambasted in a hundred newspaper editorials.  Until that begins to be true in Islamic Saudi Arabia, don't talk about moral equivalency.
     
    


	 
      It's gotten to the point where toleration of intolerance is in danger of being enshrined in our legal system. We relentlessly hound any sort of perceived "hate speech" to the point of mistaking historical Confederate flags for burning Klan crosses. Yet in the name of political correctness a court case in the Midwest bids to grant an exception to Islamists to fulminate hatred against Jews.  Fawaz Damra, the leader of the Islamic Center of Greater Cleveland, is on trial, charged with lying on his immigration forms. The government says he did, despite what he said, have ties to terrorism. In fact, he sought donors for the Palestinian Islamic Jihad. In fact, in the early 1990s he screamed out at fund-raising events, calling on participants to destroy Jews.  A defense expert this week did not deny he had said such things (which would have been an unwise tactic, since the feds have it all on video).   Instead, the defense expert, a Chicago researcher in Mideast studies, told a federal court judge that “The rhetoric is principally used by political and religious leaders to galvanize resistance to what Palestinian Arabs consider to be the patent persecution of their people by Jewish immigrants to the Middle East.”  “As unquestionably hate-filled and thus morally reprehensible as such language is,  when Palestinians refer to Jews as ‘descended from apes and swine’ or encourage support for those who ‘kill Jews,’ they do so with the reasonably justifiable self-image of victim and persecuted,  not of victimizer and persecutor.”  The judge has yet to decide if this will be admitted as a defense. We already have "guilty but insane." We may have to add "guilty but Islamist."
     
    


	 
           One of the pleasures of reading blogs from around the world is that the authors sometimes show you pictures of daily scenes from their communities. I found this one on the site run by The Religious Policeman, from Saudi Arabia (see link at right). He reports that this is a common sight in his part of the world, and the camels always seem to enjoy it. 
     
    


	 
      Failure, or refusal, to distinguish oppressed people from intolerant people, as though the two never could be the same, is a hallmark of Chomskyite thinking. It permeates this  urlLink  disturbing view from Berkeley, California,   home of the "Free Speech Movement," which has taken a moral plunge into old-fashioned Jew-baiting.   Most of the students who promote a free Palestine don't hate Jews, whatever they think of Israeli counter-terrorism. But they put up with hate in the ranks all the same. Even the more radical and racist Palestinian activists are "allies" in the campus cause du jour.   Meanwhile, Daniel Pipes, an articulate opponent of radical Islam and its armed terrorist factions actually was called a racist and worse at his campus speech in Berkeley, as the East Bay Express article reports. Mr. Pipes, who wisely said "militant Islam is the problem and moderate Islam is the solution," is hardly an Islamophobe or a racist. It's just a back-alley libel against a historian of the Middle East because he doesn't toe the radical leftist line.   This is what Political Correctness has become. Mere opponents are falsely denounced as "racists" while virulently racist allies are given a pass by the very same people.   Victor Davis Hanson sees it, too. Though his view, imagined through Osama's eyes, is more chilling in its consequences:   It was hard for the Islamic fascists to find ideological support in the West, given their agenda of gender apartheid, homophobia, religious persecution, racial hatred, fundamentalism, polygamy, and primordial barbarism. But they sensed that there has always been a current of self-loathing among the comfortable Western elite, a perennial search for victims of racism, economic oppression, colonialism, and Christianity. Bin Laden's followers weren't white; they were sometimes poor; they inhabited of former British and French colonies; and they weren't exactly followers of the no-nonsense Pope or Jerry Falwell. If anyone doubts the nexus between right-wing Middle Eastern fascism and left-wing academic faddishness, go to booths in the Free Speech area at Berkeley or see what European elites have said and done for Hamas. Middle Eastern fascist killers enshrined as victims alongside our own oppressed? That has been gospel in our universities for the last three decades.  
     
    


	 
        Last night while flipping channels, I came across the tail end of the Tom Brokaw interview with President Bush in Normandy, France. While Brokaw repeatedly tried to catch him in a gotcha moment, the President came across as thoughtful and gave well-reasoned answers. The interview was much better than the Meet the Press interview of a few months ago.   Since I had missed the beginning, I decided to go to the NBC site to see if the video was available. As I watched the video, I also read the transcript. Although it was not my intent, this allowed me to see what had been edited out of the video. I was not surprised to see that whole questions and answers had not been used in the video. However, I was surprised to see that important portions from the middle of some of the President's answers had been deleted out, in some cases removing points that helped the President present his side to the American people. Viewers of the video would have had no idea that the answers were shortened unless they had read along with the transcript as I had.     urlLink  Go and read the whole thing.  
     
    


	 
      My more sane Democratic friends, the ones who don't froth at the mouth and chew the carpet when Dubya's visage pops onto the TV screen, protest that Michael Moore is a fringe player in their party. They say he is rejected by the mainstream of reasonable, sane Democrats, who know the difference between "being anti-war" and "being for the other side," as Moore clearly does not. So I wonder how they will feel about  urlLink  this snippet, reported in the Spectator.     The DNC has worked out a deal with the distributor of left-wing extremist Michael Moore's new anti-Bush film that will ensure more than a half-million DVD copies of the film will be distributed nationwide in October 2004, just a month before the general election.   The unprecedented deal, in which the DNC will pay essentially a wholesale price for the DVD. "This could be a huge boost for our grassroots," says a DNC furndraiser. "We have such a network now of folks getting together on a local basis that the movie will give them a reason to gather, perhaps fundraise and certainly expand their circle of friends."   Probably they won't feel anything, because probably it won't be reported anywhere that they'll read.
     
    


	 
      Ronald Reagan's relationship with modern America is complex, ambivalent; he encouraged us in much that is great, but there are dark places. I know this time is for praising him, not for blame, but people with an eye to history's bigger picture should not let the encomiums become dogma. Take the end of the Cold War, for instance. It is quite possibly true that Reagan deliberately turned George Kennan's plan for slow death of the USSR by containment into a quick, merciful kill by turning up the heat in the arms race.  That policy may have saved many lives -- who knows if there would have had to have been another Vietnam or another Afghanistan if it had been done the slow way? But it gave us Osama bin-Laden, and the current state of the former SSRs is anything but uniformly free.  urlLink  Johann Hari   this week has a timely reminder of the dark side of the Cold War, and what it cost the world:   The President lumped all independent third world liberation movements into his war on Soviet tyranny. Thanks to his disconnection from the grey hues of reality, everybody who opposed US policy became in his -– and Middle America’s -– mind somehow a Soviet stooge.    Requiescat in pace . The wall is gone. I saw it; I lived for a time almost in its shadow. It was the ugliest thing I have ever seen, and it stank. The world is better without it. 
     
    


	 
      From the AP:  Brigitte Bardot was convicted Thursday in Paris of inciting racial hatred for portraying Muslims in a negative light in a book. The Paris court said the former film star compared them to “invaders, cruel and barbaric.”  Bardot and her publishing house, Editions du Rocher, were fined $6,050 each, to be paid to two anti-racism groups that took them to court. She could have been sentenced to a year in jail.  Bardot, 69, also an ardent animal rights campaigner, was not present for the verdict. At a hearing in May, she told the court she never meant to harm anyone with her book, “Un cri dans le silence” (A Cry in the Silence), which topped the nonfiction best-seller lists last year.  “If I did hurt someone, I’m sorry,” she said.  In her book, Bardot denounced the “infiltration” of France by Islamic extremists and described what she called the “Islamization of France.”  Bardot had previously been found guilty on similar charges.  This time, the court found that the actress had presented Muslims as “invaders, barbaric and cruel, responsible for terrorist acts, wishing to subdue the French people to the point of extermination.”  Her language could lead the reader to “reject members of the Muslim community through hate and violence,” the court concluded in its ruling.  During her May hearing, Bardot said her book was a simple critique of the religious practices of Muslims and a denunciation of those terrorist attacks committed by Islamic extremists.  “Among Muslims, I think there are some who are very good and some hoodlums, like everywhere,” she said. 
     
    


	 
      The AP gets lost again.  We ran  BC-Al-Qaida-Airline Threat, 4th Ld-Writethru,0751  in this morning's edition.  The surprise is, "terrorists" are back. That is, al-Qaida officially become terrorists again, in the AP's lede:   CAIRO, Egypt (AP) — An Internet statement signed by an al-Qaida cell in Saudi Arabia warned Monday that the terror network will target Western airlines, military bases and residential compounds and told Muslims to stay away from Westerners.   But they're "militants" in three other places; and in the description of the Khobar assault only "gunmen" are mentioned. The word "terror" is used again, in reference to the Nick Berg beheading.  Yet this is the same Web site used by the Berg assassins and by the Khobar killers to release their respective statements. How the AP distinguishes when the same people are  gunmen, militants,  and  terrorists  has never been explained to me.  The AP helpfully explains some things: that "Al-Qaida uses the term 'Arabian Peninsula' to refer to Saudi Arabia because it rejects the rule of the Al Saud dynasty, after whom the country is named." It explains that  "crusaders" is "the term used by militants for Americans and Europeans." But it doesn't explain how the AP decides which noun to use to describe Islamist killers.  Then it deals with the gist of the statement from the terror group, which warns all Muslims to avoid "contact with the American and Western crusaders and all nonbelievers in the Arabian peninsula." Muslims should stay away from Americans and Westerners "in their homes, compounds, movements and means of transport -— in all shapes and forms." It calls on "all those [Muslims] that have stood by America and its allies ... to return to the right path, to separate themselves from nonbelievers, to become their enemies and to fight holy war against them by money, word and weapon."  "This enemy must be fought. There is no other way but to fight it and eradicate it."  The statement said the warning was meant to spare Muslim blood. "We act only to protect them, their religion, honor and life." The AP then notes that the "gunmen" who accomplished the Khobar slaughter "reportedly separated out and spared Muslims and Arabs and killed non-Muslims."   Militants have stepped up attacks on foreigners in Saudi Arabia in past weeks, most recently in a shooting Sunday that killed an Irish cameraman and wounded a British Broadcasting Corp. reporter.    But according to  urlLink  Middle East Online,   the BBC reporter was a practicing Muslim and identified himself as such.   RIYADH - Riddled with bullets, BBC correspondent Frank Gardner pleaded for his life in the Saudi capital shouting to bystanders to help a fellow Muslim, a police officer said on Monday.  "I'm a Muslim, help me, I'm a Muslim, help me," the British father of two daughters cried in Arabic, the officer said.  Gardner was stretched on the road, covered in blood from multiple bullet wounds in a slum area of southern Riyadh known as a hotbed of hardliners.  A fluent Arabic speaker with a degree in Arab and Islamic Studies, he was carrying a small copy of the Koran, the Muslim holy book, a device used by Westerner reporters to try to reassure Islamist militants.  He was gravely wounded and his Irish cameraman Simon Cumbers killed Sunday evening as they filmed near the home of Ibrahim al-Rayyes, a wanted terror suspect killed in a clash with security forces in the area last December.   According to Reuters, "the gunmen separated the Saudi escort from the journalists before shooting them." So they knew what they were doing. But the AP allows the "militants" to be protecting the "honor" of the Muslims without bothering to notice the irony that this was a case of friendly fire. Of course, they'd never overlook that in an American soldier.  Of course, in reporting this story, the BBC briefly reverted to the word "terrorist"  urlLink  in describing the "militants"   who shot their man.
     
    


	 
           A lot of the sites I regularly read are citing  urlLink  Hanson's hilarious send-up,   imagining reactions of various modern-day defeatists had they been in Normandy in 1944.  Gore's might be the most spot-on, but I happen to enjoy the imaginary "Moveon" response:    Moveon.org:  Maybe now the American people will finally grow up when they see their children slaughtered on a French beach and huddled in hedgerows waiting to die. But what they don’t know is that thousands of poor conscripted Russians and eastern Europeans were innocent targets whom our boys killed on so-called D-Day. And does America want to deal with the five thousand French civilians who died in our secret bombing campaign before the invasion? Let those who said we’d be greeted with roses explain the charred bodies of women and children to the French public.   Perhaps because I've been reading and hearing a lot of that kind of stuff nowadays.   (graphic courtesy of  urlLink  The Bleat  ).  
     
    


	 
      I knew, when I backed a fundamentalist Republican president in going to war, that I would find myself in exposed positions, complexities, and contradictions. For instance, I find myself agreeing with the military analysis of Iraq put forth by Victor Davis Hanson, who often holds up U.S. Civil War General Sherman as an ideal. Yet I have spent many hours of my life execrating what Sherman did to the South. I'm still sorting that out.  What other side-effects does one suffer from standing with the "right?" Sometimes I do a body-check to see what's changed. I still find little sympathy for the "religious right's" crusade against gays. But then, even most conservatives seem to have quietly let that issue pass.  When I read about the ACLU's drive to  urlLink  scrub a minuscule cross off the Los Angeles County seal,   though, I think it a big noise over nothing. Even before 9-11, though, I had begun to resent the zealotry of groups like the ACLU in the way their inquisitors scour every civic religious symbol from every small town. The tactics seem to create resentment unnecessarily in the issue of creating publicity.  Besides, as a pagan I was rather miffed that nobody objected to the honking big idol of Pomona, the Roman agricultural goddess, that stands beside the cross on the L.A. seal. And, by the way, if you want to get that cross off that seal, you might as well change the name "Los Angeles" to something secular.  But my temporary discomforts seem to me less painful than the sad mutations of many people on the Other Side.  urlLink  Nick Cohen chronicles some of them in the "New Statesman"     Disgust at the Bush administration has pushed liberal opinion around the world into the shameful position that it would not back the opponents of Saddam Hussein. The result of the breakdown in international solidarity is that an Iraqi or Kurdish socialist is more likely to get a fair hearing from the Wall Street Journal than the New York Times; the Daily Telegraph than the Independent.   ...  The price you pay when you ally yourself with religious fundamentalists is a downgrading of the aspirations of women and gays. The Muslim Association of Britain, the British branch of the Muslim Brotherhood, said that [George] Galloway was a man it could do business with when he told the Independent that "abortion is morally and ethically wrong." These comments, the association said, as well as Galloway's "statements on faith and God in the same interview, will surely be welcomed by British Muslims who see Respect as a real alternative to the main political parties."   
     
    


	 
       urlLink  Zeyad's blog   has a good reaction to the news of a new government.  Meanwhile,  urlLink  The Greenside   has a fascinating from-the-spot post on the dynamic of the U.S. military in Fallujah.   Since we have stayed out of Fallujah and focused elsewhere, the mujahadeen have had their run of the town. As they have had no one to fight, they have turned their criminal instincts on the citizens. The clerics who once were whipping these idiots into a suicidal frenzy are now having to issue Fatwas (holy decrees) admonishing the muj for extortion, rape, murder and kidnapping. It is unfortunate for the "innocent people" of Fallujah but the mujahadeen have betrayed themselves as the thugs that they are by brutalizing the civilians. There are, in fact, reports of rape, etc from inside the town.  While the muj are thugging away inside the town, we are about 1/2 mile away paying claims, entering into dialogue and contracting jobs. The citizens come outside the city for work and money and are treated like human beings. They go back inside and enter a lawless hell. In short, the muj have done more to show the people what hypocrites they are in a few short weeks than we could have hoped for in a year.   I should be appalled. I've been in journalism since 1983. My boss in West Chester taught me the only job we had, really, was to be indispensible. I have access to a dozen wire services and thousands of pictures every day. Yet when I want to know what's going on in Iraq, I read Zeyad, and Alaa and Muhammad and Omar. When I want to get into the lives of soldiers, I go milblogging.  This is not just blog-logic. I read two essays this week, the one from Jay Rosen, the head of NYU school of journalism, the other from Rod Dreher, an editorial writer at the Dallas Morning News. Both men frankly confessed that the media was ignoring major chunks of the Iraq story, and both mentioned Iraqi blogs as the place to go for it.  Are you hearing this? These aren't idle critics. They are pillars of the vaunted Amendment-protected American press, the Fourth Estate of the Free World, the cornerstone of democracy. Their industry that has poured billions of dollars, millions of miles of cable, and thousands of reporters into coverage of Iraq.  And the head of one of the four top journalism teaching institutions in the United States confesses, offhand, that when he wants to know what's going on in the mind and life of an average Iraqi, he logs on to the Internet and reads from a blog written by a dentist in Basra.  Rosen writes that the missing story is the rebuilding of Iraq. Along with the military fights and the political fights, this is one of the three "legs" of the Iraq story. He points out that the success or failure of this is one of the essential things Americans need to know to determine whether to re-elect Bush or not.  It could be either good news or bad news; the work could be going well or poorly, but we just don't know. The few facts that seep into converage lack context.  Dreher's piece from Dallas was a response to readers' charges that a biased media overlooked the "good news," especially regarding the hearts-and-minds work that soldiers and Marines are doing in Iraq. That, too, is an undertold story, certainly, and fiercely frustrating to those of us who support the war and are tuned to it.  But I think what's really missing from our military coverage is not so much the good news, but the Ernie Pyle quality. I don't mean his "doing my part" presumption about the essential goodness of the soldiers or the unquestioned justness of the fight. I am convinced that the war on terror is as desperate and important as World War II, but I accept that many, probably most, Americans do not (if they did, we'd be rationing gas).  But when Pyle wrote a war story, he wrote about GIs. I've read hundreds of AP and Reuters stories in the past year about battles and skirmishes in Iraq. They quote enemy militia fighters. They quote U.S. generals in the Green Zone. They quote White House spokesmen in Washington.  Where are the G.I.s? The exact people Pyle put at the center of everything he wrote, the people most Americans are most interested in. The ones who performed splendidly, picking off the thugs without putting a scratch in the precious Shi'ite mosques. Where are they? They're invisible in these stories.  And so I go to the blogs of military men and women or their families. That's where I read the story of both the firefights and the soccer games with the local kids.  Indispensible? Well, the day someone finds a way to line your cat box with a blog, I think I better get out of newspapers.  
     
    


	 
      Taking C.S. Lewis's wickedly sharp "Screwtape Letters" as a model,  urlLink  Belmont Club   has been publishing a "memo to Osama."   The core problem the Memo tries to explore is how a committed Jihadist might try to destroy the West given their limited means. Since the Jihadi leaders are intelligent men, they must know their chief hope lies in exploiting the weakness of the West: to turn Western weaponry on itself and exploit the inner divisions in its society. While the Islamist's performance on the battlefield has been laughable, their success at using Western institutions to further their goals has been remarkable. They have converted passenger aircraft, fertilizer, crop sprayers, sources of electrical power and news agencies into potential weapons. Although they do not vote in elections, they decide or strongly influence their outcome in Western nations. While they have no armies worth the name, they are the principal threat to the world today.   
     
    


	 
      What exactly happened? How many terrorists (sorry, "militants") were there? How many got away? And how? Did they cut a deal? Whose side is the royal family on?   Saudi clerics have condemned the Khobar attacks because "these criminal acts only strengthen the Zionists in their aggression against the Palestinians."    urlLink  Alphabetcity tries to put the pieces together. It's uglier than you thought.    Meanwhile, the (Muslim) survivors have been quoted in countless news stories describing how the terr-- "militants," after ascertaining that the civilians were Muslims, asked them were the Westerners lived. But none of the stories asks the follow-up question I would have asked:  "Did you tell them?"
     
    


	 
      News, by definition, usually is bad news. Thousands of passenger jets ply the world's skies every day and touch down safely. You don't read about that in the newspaper. But when one doesn't, that's front-page news.  Yet journalism, to be valid, has to be more than just a daily reaction to splattered blood. Gene Roberts, the great managing editor of the Philadelphia Inquirer, used to say, “Great stories don’t break, they ooze.”  The airliner crash is news because it breaks the normal course of things. In Iraq after the fall of Saddam, there is no normal course of things. But the inertia of journalism grinds on. Explosions and violence rule the coverage, in part because, by reflex, that's what journalists know how to do, know what to see. The violent stories punch their way to the top of every newscast. Flames, screams, mayhem, sometimes on a gruesome scale.  Yet it is equally true that every day in Iraq, many places enjoy peace and prosperity, have clean water and electricity and modern schools that they never had before. Souks bustle and wheat grows and children play. But that is not news. Or is it?  Because now "bad news" is itself the news story. People want to know if the Iraq experiment is working. Every day they open a newspaper or flick on the news, they see the graphic evidence that tells them it is not.  Tonight, my boss gave me a page to fill. He told me to put the "Iraq military wrap" on it. I knew exactly what he meant: The AP's Iraq story is all about skirmishes and car-bombs. It runs every day. So does at least one sidebar (US-Iraq or UN-Iraq) on the political squabbling.  Where's the "reconstruction wrap?" Where's the story on the rebuilding: how well it's going, or isn't; what is getting done, what is not getting done?  Roberts' dictum wasn't about good news or bad news. It was about great stories, real stories, history in the present tense.   urlLink  This editorial column,   by Rod Dreher, a writer for The Dallas Morning News, is behind a password wall, but it's excellent.  It's titled  Q: What's wrong with this picture? A: It's the only one like it we could find.   It's accompanied by an AP photo which bears the caption "Marine Sgt. William Perry of Texarkana, Texas, passed out school supplies at the Anwal Elementary School in Kandari, Iraq, on May 11."    Dreher opens by asking, "Are the news media giving Americans an accurate picture of what's really going on in Iraq?"    Not according to the American people, who say they've seen too many photos of Abu Ghraib prison abuses. A CBS News poll released on May 24 revealed that 61 percent of those polled believe the news media are spending too much time on the Abu Ghraib story. This jibes with what some of us on the editorial board have been hearing more and more: that average Americans believe the news media are obsessed with bad news from Iraq and aren't paying enough attention to the good things going on there.   We decided to search photo wire service archives for the past month, looking for images of U.S. soldiers engaged in helping Iraqis instead of shooting at them. We were startled to discover that the photo accompanying this text was the only image of its kind that moved on the wires in recent weeks. This newspaper's photo department told me that if news photographers aren't shooting those pictures, it's because media back home aren't interested in those stories.    He goes on to make the right point: "It is understandable that breaking news eats up the limited journalistic resources on the ground, but this means that Americans are not getting the complete story from their media."  He then gives a list of the good news that "oozes" out of Iraq. Some of it -- much of it -- I've posted up here in other places: the more than 2,500 schools have been rebuilt or renovated, with 1,500 more scheduled to be completed by year's end (UNICEF report), the propaganda-free textbooks (no more "Baba Saddam, we love you!"). Health-care spending 26 times what it was under Saddam, restoration of the marshlands, the national polls that show, according to the pollsters, "a strikingly optimistic people, expressing growing interest in politics, broad rejection of political violence, rising trust in the Iraqi police and army and preference for an inclusive and democratic government."  He rightly reminds his readers of the big picture, in a sentence which arguably could be a nut-graph in any story out of Iraq: "Whatever mistakes American occupiers have made in Iraq –- and there have been many of them -– the fact remains that the mass murderer who ran Iraq into the ground was overthrown and is now in jail awaiting trial."  An interesting aspect of his article is that he directs his readers to "check out one of the increasingly popular Internet web logs from English-speaking Iraqis living in the country and sharing their reporting and perspectives." He mentions some of the ones I have linked over on the righthand side of this page.  I'm not saying Dreher is copping out. I think he's pretty courageous to address this issue directly. But what does it say when someone representing a major media outlet in this country concedes that the rest of the Iraq story is missing, is going to remain missing, and refers his readers to average Iraqi citizens' Web logs? To me, that's a dereliction of the responsibility that we ought to feel in the First Amendment.  He also cites  urlLink  Jay Rosen's  PressThink.org    Web log. Rosen, head of New York University's journalism department, recently wrote his own  urlLink  analysis of the missing coverage from Iraq.    He takes a slightly different approach. He couches his critique not so much as good news weighed against bad news, but as noticing that a key piece of the information puzzle is missing.   What I'm missing from the news coverage I consume is not "positive" stories or the cheery news out of Iraq-- it's the re-building story in its totality, good, bad and middling. We need to sever that narrative...  what are we doing to re-build Iraq, what are the Iraqi's doing, how is it going, how can we tell?    His conclusion?   The news from Iraq is not too negative; it's too narrow. Bit by bit, and for reasons probably sound at the time, the press allowed its coverage from Iraq to develop as a military story, in which the "security situation" is the base line reality, and threats of violence -- or if not violence, tensions that could fracture the society -- overshadow other things going on. Second place in that narrative goes to the jockeying for political control and influence in the "new" Iraq, especially among the known factions.  Both are essential. Both are truth. But smart journalists could have recognized before the war began that these two stories, responsibly reported, would not be enough to inform Americans about what's going on in the country their own country invaded, promising to re-build it after the fall of Saddam. (A moral promise implicating all of us.) The re-building of Iraq is complicated, sprawling, thick with life -- and a difficult thing to inform us about, especially given the language barrier. It is far less dramatic than a bombing, way more elusive than a briefing.  The entire population of Iraq is a player in the re-building story, not just the political class or clergy. And to get the story requires close attention to changes in daily life -- normal life -- all around the country, including the repair of public infrastructure and the recovery of institutions that make normalcy possible. Then there's the story of bottom-up democracy, the building of which was promised to Iraq, and to the soliders who fought to free Iraq.    Rosen, too, is frustrated because, after tuning in to Iraq for a year, "I learned something about the prosecution of the ongoing war, and a lot about the scandal in the military because of Abu Ghraib. I know a great deal about the politics of the war back in Washington, and among the Bush team. But I have almost no clear picture of daily life and the struggle for normalcy in Iraq after it fell to ruin under Saddam and during the war. Depite spot coverage here and there, including Iraqi-in-the-street stories, I don't know from my own press where the re-building effort actually stands."  And he, too, reports that the source he turns to for this information is the Internet. Specifically, "Iraqi blogs."  The leader of one of the half-dozen top journalism schools in the United States of America gets his real news about Iraq from Zeyad, Alaa, Muhammad, Omar, a dentist, a housewife, people who write for free in their Web cafes in Basra and Baghdad. What about the rest of us?  Rosen looks to the upcoming election and quotes Peter Levine: "A citizen's main responsibility is to decide whether the Bush Administration has done a good job so far, and to vote accordingly this November."   The truth about Iraq after Saddam needed three legs to stand on, and it only got two: the military and security story, the jockeying for power and influence. There ought to have been, from the start, at least a partial preoccupation with re-building Iraq, the recovery of daily life, including the development of measures to chart progress, a task well within the reach of the American press.  On the whole that narrative went missing. It was not inevitable this would happen, but if it did happen, the omission might yet be corrected, or at the very least reflected on when the ombudsmen of the nation sit down and read their mail, or pen their Sunday columns. Did American journalists give the re-building and democracy-building story their best shot? And if they didn't, is there yet time to make a new judgment, put forward a better argument, and set things right in the news from Iraq?  
     
    


	 
      Good news! "Terrorists" are disappearing. At least, the word "terrorist" is disappearing from the major media coverage. The al Qaida killers who slaughtered 22 people over the weekend in Khobar, Saudi Arabia, were described throughout the AP stories merely as "militants."  These are the criminals who, at one point, broke into an Iraqi-American Muslim's room and had a debate, in front of him, about whether to kill him or not. They decided not to (because he was Muslim), and then gave him a lecture about the excellence of Islam -- all while the Swedish man they had perforated with bullets lay bleeding to death on the floor nearby.  Suits my definition of terrorist as one who uses ruthless violence specifically against non-combatants, and seeks maximum exposure of his brutality, in the interest of some political purpose.  Apparently "terrorist" has become too hot and jugmental for the scribes at the Associated Press. Reuters has been studiously avoiding the word for some time. Surely it's an overused word. People in politics throw it at one another all the time. Just like "Nazi" or "anti-Semite" or "racist." But like these words, it does have a meaning, and a journalist, whose business is half in words, half in facts, ought to be able to know when a word fits the facts, and use the right word, rather than banishing a useful term from the vocabulary just because some people get sloppy with it.  Sunday, after reading these stories in the proofs of the paper, I was in the mood to be a pain in the ass and asked, aloud, how come the guys who did 9-11 were terrorists, and these guys are only "militants?"  I don't think a single one of the other five copy editors sitting around the desk had noticed this. Even more amazing, my boss actually had an answer, after he ran it through his head for a second (any longer and he tends to forget the question). It's the kind of answer you might concoct if you thought about it for one tick of the clock. In effect, he said it was because the terr -- I mean "militants" -- were acting in their own country (he somehow knows they were Saudis; that wasn't in the story). That makes them militants, see. When they do it in someone else's country, they're terrorists.  Somehow, though, I don't think that was the AP's reasoning. At least, I don't remember seeing Timothy McVeigh and John Allen Muhammad described in AP articles as "American militants." 
     
    


	 
      Our intrepid political reporter tracked down two local delegates in Boston tonight, to get their reactions to the Kerry grand finale and the convention overall.  I found their words enlightening.  The first is my state representative, a guy I vote for every two years. He's smart, he's a good state rep, and he's a veteran of Democratic Conventions.  Some people have made much of the centerist tone of the convention, as presented from the podium, and how it is so at odds with the opinions and mood on the Fleet Center floor. Kerry and Edwards, who voted for the war in Iraq, talking about staying the course.  David Brooks (New York Times) ran down the list today:   There were so many military men at the Democratic convention that I almost expected John Kerry to mount the stage in full body armor and recite the war speech from "Henry V." As it is, he called for bulking up the military, doubling the size of the Special Forces and crushing the terrorists. He hit Bush from the right, and when he got around to bashing the Saudis, I thought I'd wandered into a big meeting of The Weekly Standard editorial board.  Not only that, Kerry's speech followed an all-hawk medley. Gen. John Shalikashvili called for appreciably increasing the size of the Army. Joe Lieberman called for muscular and idealistic internationalism. Joe Biden said we must "win the death struggle between freedom and radical fundamentalism." Gen. Wesley Clark said we're in "a life or death struggle" against terrorists seeking nuclear weapons.  John Edwards gave a speech that eschewed talk about Halliburton, WMD, misleading the country into war -— the entire liberal catechism. Instead he talked about defeating "every enemy in this new world" and confronting Syria and Iran so they don't interfere with the emergence of a democratic Iraq.   But, as David Broder (Washington Post) observes of the delegates, "80 percent of them say they opposed the decision to start the war in Iraq and 95 percent oppose it now. Unlike Kerry, 62 percent support gay and lesbian marriage. Almost nine out of 10 describe themselves as supporters of gun control."  But my state representative thinks it bodes well for the Democrats that the party's hard core did not surfeit on Bush rhetoric at the convention. He said people are leaving Boston tonight "unsatisfied" and "still hungry."   "At the last convention [2000], there was a lot of visceral Bush-bashing, and while that got you all revved up, it was also a release, so you went away feeling all satisfied. But because there hasn't been Bush-bashing at this convention, it's all been pure about Kerry, I think there's sort of a sense that 'gosh, there's got to be more to it than this.' Because just going 'rah rah,' and 'yeah,' and 'there's another good thing I like about him,' just doesn't give you that same satisfaction as, 'acht! we need tear this other guy apart,' from a very raw political sense."   ["Acht," by the way, is a blunt, but harmless, Pennsylvania Dutch expletive. Dick Cheney should study it.]  The other local delegate we caught from the floor tonight thought Kerry was wonderful, because, "He talked about health care, jobs, education, world security -— he said what he needed to the American people."   "This is my fourth convention, and it's the most upbeat one I've been to. The messages being sent are, we need to stop out-sourcing jobs overseas, we need to strengthen our education system and there are 44 million Americans without health care. If we repeal some of the tax breaks Bush gave to the top one percent of income earners in America, as Mr. Kerry proposed, that would be more than enough to pay for these reforms."    Outsourcing ... education system ... health care ... repeal tax breaks ... reforms.  Let's see, is there anything else on the American agenda tonight?  Oh, yeah, maybe they forgot this:   
     
    


	 
       urlLink  This article   explores, in an oddly offhand way, the tension between the sensuality of belly-dance -- a delicious, ancient, and characteristically Middle Eastern art -- and the prudish anti-sensuality of Islamist fundamentalism.  The topic of the article is the decision by Egypt's state-owned TV to ban music videos where women bare their belly-buttons. The decision was taken in the name of "their daughter's morals." Egypt is not a theocracy, but its government rides a tiger of fundamentalism, and knows how to throw the beast a bone from time to time.  So far, the article reports, 700 videos have been banned, mainly Lebanese productions (the "exuberantly nubile Lebanese singer Nancy Agram" is singled out in the article) but also some Egyptian ones (a local girl named Rubi has drawn the ire of Cairo's fundamentalists).    But lest we accuse Egypt of being alarmist or old-fashioned, it's worth noting that American television imposed a similar restriction in the midst of the permissive Sixties. Curiously, a sitcom inspired by the 1001 Nights elicited the navel ban. I Dream of Genie [sic] was a classic piece of sexist kitsch featuring a curvy actress wearing a jewelled bra and gauzy pants that started out as hip-huggers and ended up around her waist.     There are two problems with this (besides not knowing how to spell "Jeannie"). One is that America in the 1960s was gradually lowering its collective dress code. TV was the final frontier. It was a long slog from Audrey Hepburn to Goldie Hawn. The "permissive Sixties" didn't open with a starter's pistol at dawn on Jan. 1, 1960.  The Barbara Eden series (1965) came along right at the time when women's exposed navels in public were the frontier of the rising tide of sexual liberation. After her came the bizarre era of the "occasional navel" rule, whereby censors would allow a bare belly-button in one scene if the same girl, in another scene in the same outfit, had it covered (you can see that in old "Gilligan's Island" and "Star Trek" episodes). After that came Cher, and "Laugh-In," and the TV belly-button floodgates were open, never to close.  A belly-button is, as the observant anthropologist Desmond Morris has pointed out, a miniature image of vagina. John Updike published a perfect little short story in 1961 called "A&P," which is essentially about a young man who works in a stuffy grocery store at the shore when three girls walk in, one of them in a two-piece suit, and the sight and idea of her, and her boss's reaction to her (lack of) attire drives him into open teen-male rebellion. The girls on the covers of the mid-'60s "Playboys" sported provocatively bare bellies in their hiphugger stretch pants. If you've ever read anything about how the "Playboy" empire operates, you'll know that those covers are scrupulously constructed to be deliberate ideograms of sexual suggestion.  The other problem is that, while Barbara Eden couldn't show her navel in a prime-time TV show, she could, and did, show it in other contexts -- as a young bikini model (it's easy to forget, given how annoying she later became as a perennial Merv Griffen guest, that she was good fun back in the day). She could walk down the beach in a two-piece suit without having to worry about being accosted by religious freaks. In Egypt, since at least as far back as "I Dream of Jeannie," belly-dancers have been forbidden to bare their bellies and navels. Sheer or flesh-colored nylons are allowed, but no bare bellies on belly-dancers. And, according to the article, "Rubi the singing and dancing sex bomb, ... must endure the company of campus security guards while attending class."  Other cultures appreciate and have eroticized the female navel. In Japan, young women commonly pay $2,000 for navel-reconstruction surgery to get an ideal belly-button -- which in that culture is "vertical, very narrow, and absolutely symmetrical." The navel goes to the core of Japaneses culture, says author Hogen Fukunaga. "The navel is the core of everything about the person," Fukunaga wrote in a book about how a navel's shape can diagnose one's ills. Scholars write treatises on the navel, such as the recent "Poetic Reflection on the Navel."   Middle Eastern and Indian culture also respect the belly as a vital center, the place where we all first were connected to life, through the navel. Its importance is reflected in the ancient art and literature of the Middle East and South Asia, which placed great emphasis on women's bellies. In Arab countries, as in Japan, there is a navel aesthetic: A large, hollow navel is regarded as beautiful and is considered lucky.   Like its brother religion, Christianity (and to a lesser extent Judaism), Islam often takes a harsh view of sexuality, and of women's sexuality especially. It seems to associate overt celebration of female sexuality with Islam's ancient enemy, polytheism. Probably this is because old paganisms often were matriarchal at their core, and, as was the case with Christianity in Europe, the goddess rituals naturally proved the most difficult to co-opt or extinguish.  In ancient India, the yantra is a downward-pointing triangle, a sacred female image, and the strongest version of the symbol is the Kali yantra. It represents shakti: the life force, cosmic energy experienced as female. And there is a navel-like dot at the center space, called the bindo, or "seed of life." Likewise, an image of Astarte, the Near Eastern fertility and sexuality goddess, in gold from Syro-Palestine c.1600-1500 B.C.E. reduces the goddess to only a simple face, a sacred triangle, and a navel. Her name itself means "Womb" or "Belly;" in Hebrew, she was called "Tamar."   A navel is the symbolic focal point of the mazes and labyrinths that dot much of the ancient landscapes of the Mediterranean. Francis Huxley ("The Way of the Sacred," 1974) writes: "He who knows how to follow or make the diagram has his passport to the other world and resides in God -- or rather, because the maze honors women and the belly, the Goddess." Mazes and labyrinths were found in the palaces of Minoan Crete, the most goddess-centered of all the early cultures, and are engraved on their coins, with the entrance at the bottom, representing the vulva, and the seat of the goddess in the center, the navel. These mazes were not places to get lost, but rather pathways to journey through on the way to the ritual space.   There once was an omphalos, or "navel-shrine," where the prophetic priestess of the Earth Goddess dwelt at Delphi before patriarchal religion converted the place to the service of Apollo. So patriarchal a figure as Aeschylus recorded that Gaia was the first to be worshipped at Delphi, followed by her daughters Themis and Phoebe. Asherah, one Canaanite form of the Goddess worshipped by the early Hebrews, was a daughter of Astarte. Asherah had a shrine at Shechem, mentioned in the Old Testament, known as the "navel of the land," which has been compared to Delphi.  This part of a woman's body naturally was prominent in the ritual erotic dances that were part of her religion, and which have come down, much disguised and altered, in modern belly-dance. Even detached from its origins, the modern belly-dance embodies a heady eroticism that can transcend narrow cultural perceptions of age, physical beauty, and sensuality. But clearly these ancient belly-dances had originally a magical, mystical power. The poet Ram Prasad, addressing Kali, wrote, "My heart is five lotuses. You building these five into one, dance and swell in my mind." In Turkish, one of the words for "dance" is a variation of the word  boyu,  which means "magic, witchcraft."  In part, too, the Middle Eastern repression of belly-dance may reflect a jealous regard for women's sexuality in a culture where women are a sort of property, to be bartered between families and hidden in harems. In this case, it is not so much a matter of what a woman does in her body, but of not crossing the line between public and private. And a desexualized woman, obviously, is easier to control.  "Many and subtle are the forms of violence to which Egyptian women have grown inured," the article notes. "On the unsubtle side we have Mohammed Omar, columnist for the state-owned daily Al-Akhbar, who maintains that only ugly women attract abuse and every man '[has] the right to do what [abusive] men have done.' "  So we should recuse ourselves from judging the Egyptian situation as "alarmist or old-fashioned" (I'd call it harsher things) because of what happened on our TV screens in 1965. That strikes me as a shoddy attempt at pre-emptive moral equivalency.
     
    


	 
       urlLink  The "commentary in today's "Asia Times"   makes it clear who is responsible for the ethnic slaughter in Sudan.  It's George W. Bush, of course.    The sad truth is that thousands of people in Darfur have died, and many more probably will and at least in part, because of George W Bush's and Tony Blair's failed adventure in Iraq. Two of the states militarily and logistically best equipped to intervene in Sudan have in effect ruled themselves out even as effective advocates of a rescue mission.     The world can't "trust" America and Britain anymore. We're to be shunned and ignored because we liberated Iraq from Saddam and are busy trying to give it back to its people as a free and democratic society. Because of that we're the bad boys who have to sit in time out for a generation or so. And if the world goes to hell in the interval, everyone knows who's to blame.  The piece goes on to compare Bush to Jack the Ripper.   One can indeed despair of the Arab world's tolerance for its own rulers' barbarities. But we have to admit that after the war on Iraq, the treatment of prisoners in Abu Ghraib and Guantanamo, the US's total protection for Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's pogroms in Gaza, and the xenophobic anti-Muslim and anti-Arab outbursts in the U.S., it is hardly surprising that many governments and their people across the world will cut some slack for any Arab regime in the face of US "concern" at its behavior.    Yes, one can indeed lament the few idiotic American brutes who for a few nights acted out their sadistic fantasies in Abu Ghraib. But at the same time, one can also apply a couple of brain cells and recognize the different between a cultural aberration, condemned and punished by the nation, and radical Islam's systematic religious policy of genocide that has gone on for hundreds of years.  "Sharon's pogroms"? Oh, please! The Israelis are efficient. If they wanted to hold an "organized extermination" (look up "pogrom") Gaza wouldn't be the teeming slum it is. Systematically decapitating the poisonous Hamas snake that intends to kill you does not count as a "pogrom."  "Anti-Arab outbursts in the U.S."? Oh, yes, the black Sudanese will just have to die because some loudmouths in the U.S. sometimes write stupid things about Arabs in AOL chat rooms. That's why so many Muslims are fleeing America, and none will dare to set foot in this country. Oops, except for  urlLink  the 7,000 or so who are moving as a lump to my state even as you read this.   Well, but then there are plenty of black Africans clamoring to get under the rule of Arab purist thugs in Darfur and plenty of Jews queueing up to move to Saudi Arabia, so, moral equivalency, you know.  It might be possible somewhere in this article to mention the truth that Arabs and Muslims in this land of immigrants generally had it no worse than other ethnicities, until their brothers across the sea got it into their heads that killing Americans by the thousands was a legitimate policy. And that Islamic organizations in the U.S. seem to have been more interested in decrying "xenophobia" than terrorism. And that even with all that, Arab-Americans are less oppressed than Arabs who stay home in, say, Syria or Yemen.  The writer then points out why no other world power or regional coalition can, or will, do what needs to be done in Darfur.   The United Nations itself is not designed to conduct robust operations that could involve serious fighting, which is why it often "franchises" them. Ideally, the Arab League should act, but it will not. The African Union has made a start, but it is hopelessly under-resourced, and similar regional operations in Sierra Leone and Liberia were much-mitigated successes.   It would be good if some of the stronger Asian powers, even if it involved North Atlantic Treaty Organization and US backup, could get involved, but Pakistan being Muslim -- and India not being Muslim -- could complicate that. Indeed, Japan and South Korea, not having any dog in the fight at all, as former US secretary of state James Baker once put it, would be ethically preferable, if their militaries were up to it.   Failing that, perhaps in this case, this is a matter on which the European Union could be given the blue-flag franchise, and especially Germany, whose clean credentials on the Iraq war clear it of the Crusader connotations.   But one thing is very clear: the United Kingdom, the United States, Australia and other active "coalition" partners should stay in the background, at best offering logistics and funding and the most discreet diplomatic support. And in a few years, maybe they will emerge from probation as good global citizens and be listened to once again.   Clear the way; here comes Germany. Only Germany can save the day because only Germany never did anything expansionist in North Africa, so, ...         ... whoops. There goes that idea. As if you could have convinced the German Greens to go along with it anyhow.  And there the article ends. Women continue to be raped, children murdered or condemned to slow death by starvation, men burned alive in front of their market stalls. Ethnic cleansing, enslavement, religious terrorism. But by the end of an opinion piece that started out being about "Darfur: The case for intervention," Darfur and all its inhabitants have disappeared from view. They're gone from the prose, just as they will soon be gone from the face of the earth, if this writer's worldview prevails.  And that's too damn bad, but as is known to any good global citizen, who has been taught to think like this writer, the only real problem is always America. And of course those slaughtered Africans -- most of whom (Fur, Masalit, and Zaghawa tribes) also are Muslims -- will have to realize that, too. Even though Arabs rode them down to the dust and killed them, it was all George Bush's fault. Explain it to them; I'm sure they'll understand.  Jack the Ripper indeed.  
     
    


	 
      Yesterday, when I got change back after paying for a Hunan chicken at the corner Chinese place, the cashier put a wheat-leaf penny in my hand with the other coins. I might not have noticed if she had given it to me heads-up, it was so clean and bright, like a new-minted coin.   But there it was, from 1957, looking like it had fallen down someone's sofa cushions and hidden there unused since three years before I was born.  Coins fascinated me when I was a child. I studied the old U.S. designs, and foreign coins (the French had the most beautiful money, the British had the most important). And I horded wheat pennies when they came my way. But I can't tell you how long it's been since I got one in change. Two years? When I first became aware of money, in the late 1960s, they were common. I still have a big jar full of them that I saved. Slowly their numbers diminished and all but vanished.  Silver coin still lived then, too: dimes from 1964 rang differently on a countertop than the cheap alloy ones that came later. My grandparents, when they moved to southern Florida in 1962, still would get Indian head pennies in change at the local grocery.  Something about the look of this design takes me back much further than 1909 (when it replaced the Indian head cent). The dominant element is the big "one cent," as if it had to be made very clear to people what this was, what it signified. In that, it's like the earliest American money. And there's a point to it. Nickles issued in 1883 had a new design with a prominent Roman numeral V but no "cents," and sharpers brass-plated them and passed them off in rural regions as 5-dollar gold coins. The government fixed that the next year.  The old penny is clean and Roman in its design, it seems to me. The silly architecture of the Lincoln memorial is appropriate to a commemorative coin, not to a working money; it's like those ungodly state commemorative quarters.  But I turn 44 today, and maybe I'm just getting old.
     
    


	 
      Newsroom dilemma of the day: An aerticle on Al Franken speaking at the Democratic Convention. Does it go in the entertainment column or on a news page? Maybe we need a new category of news. Politainment? Enterlics?
     
    


	 
      I was reading about the murder of Zahra Kazemi, the Canadian photojournalist beaten to death during interrogation in prison in Iran in 2003. She had been arrested while photographing student protests in Tehran. (Iranian authorities initially said she died of a stroke). Something jumped out at me, amid the whole sordid tale.  After a trial ended in charges dismissed against a low-level prison official (not the higher-ranking one that human rights activists said probably did the killing), Kazemi's Canadian son, Stephan Hashemi, was offered about $12,000 in "blood money" by the Iranian government as compensation for his mother's murder. Hashemi indignantly rejected the money, and good for him.  Under Iranian law, compensation for families of murder victims is set at $24,000 for a Muslim man, and about half that for a woman. Until only a couple of years ago, the rate for men of "tolerated" religions -- Christians, Jews, and Zoroastrians -- was half that of Muslim men. Their women were half again, meaning the life of a Christian woman in Iran was valued at less than a quarter that of a Muslim man. As for Bah'ais, etc., forget it: no blood money, no rights, no nothing.  The Iranian theocracy, in a burst of reforming spirit, has upped the value of a tolerated non-Muslim man's life. But it hasn't been able to bring itself to admit women, even Islamic women, to equality.  Blood money is a barbaric relic, but it has its function, in a country where most people don't have insurance. If a breadwinner is slain, it helps his family survive. It's also true that Iranian women, especially in the few years since reformists began loosening the theocrats' grip, enjoy better rights than women in many other Muslim countries. They're now active members of the workforce, and they fill many senior public and private-sector positions.  "By participation in society women have changed the economic conditions of their families," said Fatameh Rakei, head of the parliament's committee on women's issues. "Most of them are responsible for covering family expenses." The murder of such a woman would have a catastrophic financial impact on her family.  But reformists such as Rakei have had no luck in getting an equalization of the blood money in Iran. The problem? Iran is bound by Shari'a Law. And "female breadwinner" and "seventh century A.D." just don't mix.  Any proposal approved by Iran's parliament also must be cleared by the hardline Guardian Council, which is responsible for ensuring that legislation conforms with  Shari'a Law.  The Islamic definition of blood money is one of the following: 100 camels, 200 cows, 1,000 sheep, 200 silk dresses, 1,000 gold coins, or 10,000 silver coins. Authorities have set cash equivalents to simplify matters. That much modernization they could stomach without sensing they were violating Allah's commandments. "But it is clearly stipulated in the Koran that women get half blood money," a high-ranking cleric told Reuters in 2002.  Now, remind me again why  urlLink  important women's rights leaders in Britain consider it "a badge of honour" to form an alliance with Islamist preachers.   As the writer here says, "Just because women wear the hijab, for example, does not mean that they are more oppressed than other women."  She specifically embraces Sheikh A-Qaradawi, who has said on the BBC that it's "God's justice" for Palestinian killers to target Israeli women in suicide bombing attacks, because "an Israeli woman is not like women in our societies, because she is a soldier."  As for Jews, he says, "There is no dialogue between us except by the sword and the rifle."
     
    


	 
      Maya Angelou, at the Democratic convention last night, read as pure a piece of poetry as she ever spoke. Of course, it wasn't hers.  She read a quote from Fannie Lou Hamer, a Mississippi sharecropper's daughter who challenged the Democratic Party at its 1964 convention to break down the color barrier. The words came from a plain-spoken woman with a workaday prose that broke through clouds because it did without the verbal frumpery of Angelou's strained verse.    "What do I think of my country? What is that which elevates my shoulders and stirs my blood when I hear the words, the United States of America? Do I praise my country enough? Do I laud my fellow citizens enough? What is there about my country which makes me hang my head and avert my eyes when I hear the words the United States of America? What am I doing about it? Am I relating my disappointment to my leaders and to my fellow citizens, or am I like one, not involved, sitting high and looking low?"    Why does it seem that the two halves of that statement have diverged into the two political camps of the modern political scene?
     
    


	 
      Everyone's raving about Barack Obama's speech last night at the Democratic Convention. Everyone -- liberals and conservatives. It goes to show, I think, how refreshed most people in this country are (and not just white people) to find an emerging leader from a minority background who has a transcendant message, who can win without the cheat of gerrymander districting, who can make a color-blind appeal past the cycle of guilt-mongering. His ancestors were in Africa while those of most American blacks were in slavery.  I was working, so I didn't hear his speech with the full force. I wish I had; I love the pulpit style, it's one of the great rhetorical arts of the human experience. But I've read the speech. I hope Obama wrote this himself. It's wonderful:    This year, in this election, we are called to reaffirm our values and commitments, to hold them against a hard reality and see how we are measuring up, to the legacy of our forbearers, and the promise of future generations.    Yes! Can anything be more appealing to someone whose sense of America's present is rooted in its history? And, to top it off, he said the thing I've been waiting for John Kerry to prove he knows:     Now let me be clear. We have real enemies in the world. These enemies must be found. They must be pursued – and they must be defeated.     To which he added, "John Kerry knows this." I like Mr. Obama. But with all due respect, I'm not going to take his word for it on something as important as this. I need to be convinced by the man himself.  One of the most thoughtful blog posts today is  urlLink  this one from Dean Esmay,   one of the writers in this medium who can earn respect of both liberals and conservatives. He looks ahead to America after the (hypothetical, but possible) election of John Kerry. All the problems and challenges remain. Conservatives/Republicans (and that would include me) have tended to condemn many liberals/Democrats as being more focused on humiliating and defeating the incumbent party than in dealing with the serious crisis of terrorism and uniting in a time of war.  What happens when the positions are reversed? Esmay writes, "I do find myself wondering: how many of you on the right will embrace such a philosophy if John Kerry should carry the election in November? ... How many of you will have the patriotism to say, 'I disagree with many of his policy directions, I do not think he is conducting our foreign policy in the right way, but I will do my best to get behind him and support him until elections come around next time?' "   I'm genuinely curious. For that is the stance I intend to take. I will refuse to call him traitor, loser, liar, incompetent. He will be my President, my Commander In Chief, the Chief Executive of a great nation, elected by the will of a majority of the electors in these 50 great united States. So even if he does things I disagree with in conducting foreign policy, I will say, "I respectfully disagree with the President's directions, but I will do my best to express my dissent respectfully and hope that I am mistaken and that he has made the proper decisions after all."  That's my pledge. How many of you will take a similar one?   OK, I'm down with that, though I'm not necessarily the audience he is addressing. Anybody else?  The very conservative  urlLink  Hugh Hewitt,   for instance, writing from the convention, is staking out the hostility in terms that you might get used to hearing if the 2004 election ends up like that of 1992.   The delegates and their nominee are hard-left – the most left-wing convention in American political history. The talking points all stress happy faces and lowered voices, but Michael Moore is the crown prince of this assembly, even as it prepares to give John Kerry a blessing. ... The delegates hate Bush, want out of Iraq, want courts to impose same-sex marriage, and want taxes hiked on all but the poorest Americans. The policy on abortion rights is absolutist; on race-based remedies, the answer hasn't changed since 1978 – quotas by any other name will do.   I played a game on the radio show yesterday, the convention's first day. We played a version of Groucho Marx's "secret word." We were prepared to declare a winner when the first Democrat I interviewed mentioned al-Qaida. None did. It just isn't an issue with them. The consensus seems to be that if Bush is beaten, al-Qaida will no longer threaten Americans.    And he writes of another groups of Americans, the ones who turn up in long lines at his book-signings. "I think this group has begun to move into the political conflict, convinced that the war needs fighting and winning, and outraged at the Moore gang's hostility to all that America stands for. The left wanted another Vietnam, thinking they'd win the domestic battle again. But what they may have brought about is the mobilization of another, stronger, larger silent majority."  A democracy can only work if the people's commitment to being a democracy is greater than their passion for one or another political position. The direct dangers are demagogues and tyrants and mobs, but the root of the evil is a fanaticism that insists  they  can't be trusted with the government, and we're better off with a bloody revolution or a martial law dictatorship than allowing  them  to rule.  This commitment to democracy must be kept -- even if the other side has jettisoned it. Once a nation has lost that, reach for your gun. Our national rituals include gracious concession speeches and defeated incumbents riding to inaugurations beside victors. The Greeks would have understood the desperate importance of that.  More from Obama:   It's what allows us to pursue our individual dreams, yet still come together as a single American family. "E pluribus unum." Out of many, one.  Now even as we speak, there are those who are preparing to divide us, the spin masters and negative ad peddlers who embrace the politics of anything goes. Well, I say to them tonight, there's not a liberal America and a conservative America — there is the United States of America. There's not a black America and white America and Latino America and Asian America — there is the United States of America.  The pundits, the pundits like to slice and dice our country into red states and blue states; red states for Republicans, blue states for Democrats. But I've got news for them, too. We worship an awesome God in the blue states, and we don't like federal agents poking around our libraries in the red states. We coach Little League in the blue states and have gay friends in the red states. There are patriots who opposed the war in Iraq and patriots who supported it. We are one people, all of us pledging allegiance to the stars and stripes, all of us defending the United States of America.   It's what  used to be  boilerplate in political rhetoric. It's not a platform, and it's not a program, and it's fuzzy as a milkweed pod, but we need to keep telling ourselves stuff like this.
     
    


	 
       urlLink   It's time to save Darfur The Ottawa Citizen  Tuesday, July 27, 2004      The Sudanese government made a false promise to protect the people in Darfur, and has threatened guerrilla war if other nations try to help them. Courage must replace patience in dealing with Khartoum.  Under the cover of a 21-year civil war, the Arab Islamist government in Khartoum has been using bandit gangs called Janjaweed to drive black people in its western territory from their homes. The gangs are made up of nomads threatened by desertification and who are loyalists of President Omar el-Bashir; the farmers in Darfur have land Mr. el-Bashir wants to give them. The farmers are also Muslim, though not generally Islamists.  With support from government helicopters and bombers, the Janjaweed have rampaged across Darfur for over a year. The villages are burned, the wells poisoned, the women raped en masse. Disease is spreading and famine looms over more than a million people driven from their homes. Thirty thousand people are dead and hundreds of thousands more are doomed unless they are protected and fed.  The U.S. Congress has declared the attacks a genocide, the European Union is threatening sanctions, and the African Union is having a meeting next week. It concedes a "powerful sense of urgency," which, by its standards, is a bitter condemnation. (The U.S. Congress is showing its sense of urgency by asking President George Bush to consider sending troops, with or without multilateral approval.)  Britain, Sudan's former colonial ruler, has claimed a "moral responsibility" to help, and might send as many as 5,000 troops. But if it does, Sudanese Foreign Minister Mustafa Osman Ismail has as much as threatened a terrorist backlash: "You know what is going to happen in one or two months, these troops are going to be considered by the people of Darfur as occupying forces, and you'll have the same incidents you are facing in Iraq," he said last week in Paris.  In other words, we own this place and we own its people, and we will do with them as we wish. If you try to stop us, we will fight you and we will kill your aid workers.  Under intense pressure from UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan, Mr. el-Bashir pledged to rein in the Janjaweed starting July 3, but according to Jan Pronk, Mr. Annan's special envoy to Sudan, Khartoum has made "no progress whatsoever" doing so.  The United States and Britain are pushing a Security Council resolution to impose trade sanctions, but they're having trouble getting it passed. Pakistan and China, for instance, are hesitant to interfere with Sudan's oil trade, which supplies about 300,000 barrels a day to Asia, partly pumped by a Chinese company.  The critics of the war in Iraq, those who said that was all about oil, are silent. France, the great multilateralist, has given just $6 million to a UN fund for Darfur, which Mr. Annan says needs $350 million. (The Americans have found $130 million so far.)  But for the aid to mean anything, the people of Darfur must have security, which Mr. Ismail has indicated the Sudanese government will deny them. These are the words of both a terrorist and a promoter of genocide, not a man who will be swayed by threats of trade sanctions. The world has dithered and innocents have died. It's time to find the nerve to act.   Meanwhile,  urlLink  the brutality continues.      AU monitors declared on Wednesday that government-backed Arab militiamen chained and burned alive civilians in a raid on a market in Darfur.   "The attackers looted the market and killed civilians, in some cases chaining them and burning them alive," said a report released in Nairobi by AU ceasefire observers in the region.   The report said the African Union monitors went to Suleia village, where the militia raid occurred July 3.   It said the raid was carried out by "militia elements believed to be Janjaweed."   "This was an unwarranted and unprovoked attack on the civilian population," the report said. However, it could not substantiate allegations that Sudanese government forces took part in the raid alongside the Janjaweed.     
     
    


	 
       urlLink       Of all the stupid things written about this war, probably the most unnerving  urlLink  was this gem from lardy propagandist Michael Moore  :    The Iraqis who have risen up against the occupation are not "insurgents" or "terrorists" or "The Enemy." They are the REVOLUTION, the Minutemen, and their numbers will grow -- and they will win. Get it, Mr. Bush?    A spittle-flinging rant, but it's revealing. Moore is prone to say interesting things like this when he escapes his handlers and speaks his mind instead of sticking to talking points. What's interesting here is not the loopiness, but the degree to which he's right.  It's possible he simply wrote that to enrage people. But he published it on his own Web site, where his faithful go to hear his message. This piece was his reaction to a Bush State of the Union speech. And even if the intent was to provoke, the particular image he conjured up puts his thinking in perspective. This is not an insane person. This is an intelligent man, albeit one with a severe vision problem. The point at which his parallel shears away from reality is where we see into his nature.  Moore's making a historical comparison. Does it hold up? How were the American "Revolutionaries" and "Minutemen" like the modern Iraqi "resistance"?  Both were fighting the greatest military force on earth in their day. Both used unconventional fighting tactics that were denounced by their enemies. The 18th century was unblessed by Geneva Conventions, but the colonials' tactic of hiding behind trees and walls, firing and then running away, was highly "unsporting."  The thug-armies trying to bring down Iraq into chaos today terrorize and killed the people in their own land who prefered cooperating with the Americans or the new native government. American rebels had their dark moments and characters, too. Tories were hounded, beaten, terrorized, driven from their homes, and sometimes lynched. The word "lynch" seems to date from the late Revolutionary period. Of course, this work was mostly done by irregulars, and the military authorities, including Washington and Anthony Wayne, punished it severely.  The American rebels, like the Iraqi insurgents today, counted on other great powers, jealous of the one they were fighting against, to hamstring the giant. What France, Spain, and Holland did for the colonial rebels, Iran, France, and Syria try in their various ways to do in Iraq.  The American rebels, like the Iraqi insurgents today, knew they had important allies in the political opposition in the homeland of the nation they were fighting. Lifelong opponents of the Crown in Parliament continued to fight it when the rebellion broke out. Their speeches were widely reprinted and praised in the rebel territories.  The American rebels, like the Iraqi insurgents today, knew their strategy was not so much a matter of winning on the battlefield, but of making their enemy pay a prohibitive cost to stay the course. A battle like Bunker Hill, which by any military account the Americans lost, boosted rebel morale because they had managed to kill many enemy soldiers, even while getting chased from the field.  Indeed, the Iraqi insurgents enjoy advantages the American rebels would have envied. George Bush, despite the brayings of his enemies, holds nowhere near the power in his government that George III wielded in his. American Loyalists proved indispensible to the British, moreso than the Iraqis -- so far -- have proven to be to the Americans. And what would have been the effect on Britain of an 18th century CNN that would beam images of dead redcoats, or weeping colonials outside their burning homes, into every parlor in London?  The parallels implied by Moore's quip are on the practical level, and of the sort that will always be common among underdog rebels fighting world powers. The question that matters is, "what are they fighting for?" In both cases, the answer is both complex and simple. In any one man or woman, in Boston or Fallujah, it might be a mix of motives, some purely personal (grudges, thirst for revenge), some purely patriotic or tribal, some religious. But here is how the leaders of the Minutemen came to state their case:    "That all men are created equal; that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights; that among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness; that, to secure these rights, governments are instituted among men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed; that whenever any form of government becomes destructive of these ends, it is the right of the people to alter or to abolish it, and to institute new government, laying its foundation on such principles, and organizing its powers in such form, as to them shall seem most likely to effect their safety and happiness."    And the Islamists, who are the most effective and dramatic elements of the Iraqi resistance, have stated their goal. If the common goal of the resistance -- driving out the Americans and collapsing the Allawi government -- succeeds, Iraq will become a Taliban paradise of crushing religious fundamentalism and terror colleges. The Islamists have their own declarations:   It seems, in fact, that the wild beasts in the White House have forgotten or have tried to forget one very important thing, which is, in all pride -- the Al-Qaeda organization. This organization, which strikes fear in the hearts of the infidel West, turns youth into people who have nothing in this world but their devotion to Allah and to His Prophet Mohammed, and who are the tormentors of the sons of whores [i.e. the West], and who are shining examples of estrangement from the sins of this world ... and of selling their souls to Allah.   ... Therefore, an eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth. Even though the Americans have bombs possessing enormous power, Al-Qaeda is even more powerful than they, and it has in its possession bombs which are called "dirty bombs", and bombs with deadly viruses, which will spread fatal diseases throughout American cities .... The coming days will prove that Kaedat el-Jihad is capable of turning America into a sea of deadly radiation, and this will prove to the world that the end is at hand .... Yes, we will destroy America and its allies, because they have used their power for evil against the weak. And now, the end approaches at the hand of the enlightened [Islamic] youth astride their horses [fighting the war against the infidels].    [Abu Shihab El-Kandahari, Dec. 26, 2002]     And between those two passages lies all the difference that Moore and his friends fail to see. For all these coincidental similarities between Minutemen and jihadis, to fail to distinguish their difference is like saying a Red Cross blood drive is the same thing as a vampire attack.  The fault of Moore and those like him, I think, is to see only what goes on in American politics. They see only America. The rest of the world is something that reacts to America, or suffers under it. They don't know or care what the imams want to work on Iraq. The only thing that matters is getting rid of That Man in the White House.  They validate Moore's own line (the one he uses in overseas speeches, but not at home) about Americans being the stupidest people on earth.
     
    


	 
      Meanwhile, we are getting word back from Iraq that  urlLink  "Farenheit 9/11" downloads are making the rounds of U.S. military bases in Iraq and dragging down the morale of soldiers.    Moore quoted Abraham Lincoln ("... you know the old saying from Abraham Lincoln, give the people the facts and the Republic will be safe") in a "Today" interview recently. Lincoln, too, knew such men as Moore in his nation when he was a president at war. They did their best to demoralize his soldiers and turn the nation against him, using their media bully pulpits to inform on his administration's flaws and secret agendas.  Old Abe did not hesitate to strip them of their property and power, throw them in jail, and sometimes have them banished or sentenced to death. Here's what he said in defense of it:    And yet again, he who dissuades one man from volunteering, or induces one soldier to desert, weakens the Union cause as much as he who kills a union soldier in battle. Yet this dissuasion, or inducement, may be so conducted as to be no defined crime of which any civil court would take cognizance.  ... Must I shoot a simpleminded soldier boy who deserts, while I must not touch a hair of a wily agitator who induces him to desert? This is none the less injurious when effected by getting a father, or brother, or friend into a public meeting, and there working upon his feelings till he is persuaded to write the soldier boy that he is fighting in a bad cause, for a wicked administration of a comtemptible government, too weak to arrest and punish him if he shall desert. I think that, in such a case, to silence the agitator and save the boy is not only constitutional but withal a great mercy.  [ Letter to Erastus Corning, June 12, 1863 ]   I think it was wrong when Lincoln did it. I think it certainly would be wrong to even suggest doing it now. But the interesting part is, many people today believe Lincoln did everything right. He ended slavery, after all. Certainly such an ends justifies rough means. The jailed dissidents were the broken eggs on the way to the great omelette.  Besides, Lincoln was doing this to "conservatives." The Democrats of the North were the conservatives of their day. Those jailed American dissidents, who numbered in the tens of thousands, had complex and varied opinions about union and war and slavery and government. (They were racists, by modern standards, but so was everyone else, Lincoln included.) They bitterly denounced Lincoln's trampling of the Constitution to wage a war in which the dissenters, who called themselves patriots, saw only national destruction and narrow partisan advantage.  Sound familiar?  Ah, but when you sit in the present and see them only in the rear-view mirror, they were defending those Southern racist rednecks that progressive intellectuals today just love to denigrate. The curious thing is, the same people who think political repression in the name of homeland security was a great move by Lincoln, valid and justified, are the ones who have been to see "Farenheit 9/11" three times, and celebrate the news that it is spreading demoralization among the U.S. troops in Iraq. 
     
    


	 
      The opening night of the Democratic Convention looked like a good show (I was working so I didn't get to really watch). From what I read, a lot of the right people stepped up and said a lot of the right things.  But one thing irked me: Jimmy Carter repeating the false meme that America squandered the "goodwill" of the world that was ours after 9/11.  True, there was a reflex of sympathy in many places, especially Europe. But what made it remarkable was that it was so out of character. And it was doomed one way or another.  In many places, it never existed. The "Arab Street" danced in the streets of its capitals when our people died on Sept. 11. They hated us before the first Iraq war, and have hated us ever since. The Bush Administration has failed to spark much obvious good will in most places in the Middle East, but it's not like he lost anything we had in Carter's day.  And in fact, our position against Saddam and the Taliban has made America more popular in some parts of the globe. India certainly isn't complaining. And Eastern Europe still has the memory of repression fresh in mind, so it recognizes what we are trying to do.  But what Carter really meant was "Western Europe," which, to an American liberal intellectual's "New Yorker" cover world, certainly passes for the globe. He as much as said so when he said, "Unilateral acts and demands have isolated the United States from  the very nations we need to join us in combating terrorism. " [emphasis added] It's a safe bet he wasn't talking about, say, Honduras or Gabon.  And the sympathy that flowed for Americans from those places after 9/11 only lasted as long as we stayed flat on the ground, beaten and bloody. As soon as we stood up, dusted ourselves off, and started to do something about it, it vanished. It was the international political version of Monty Python vaudeville; the corpse of America wouldn't stay dead long enough for Old Europe to finish delivering its eulogy.  What Carter didn't go so far as to say, but many people I work with do say, is that the Europeans  always  loved America until mean ol' George Bush came along and made them hate us.  This is nonsense. Evidently, such people have never read  Le Monde  or  Der Spiegel  or  The Guardian.  French "sympathy" for the U.S. stood at 35% -- in 1996. It's hardly worse today. The French book with the title translated as  The American Cancer  wasn't published in the shadow of U.S. "hegemony" in the Middle East. It was published in 1930. Anti-American sentiment in Canada dates to (and still routinely invokes) the War of 1812. Jean-François Revel, author of  L’obsession anti-américaine,  tells of how someone who grows up reading the European media and the elite writers of the continent would naturally come to believe America is plagued by poverty, inequality, “no unemployment benefits, no retirement, no assistance for the destitute,” and medical care and university education only for the rich -- and he wasn't writing about the post-Iraq era. He grew up before the Vietnam War.    urlLink  Bruce Bawer at Hudson Review   has written a wrap review of the stack of recent books about America, many of them by European writers. His critiques are leavened with personal stories; as an American who has lived in Europe since 1998, Bawer knows the turf.   He also knows, as my co-workers seem to have forgotten, that the vintage of Old Europe's America-hating bile is a lot older than 2003.    To be sure, Western European intellectuals often claim, as Norwegian author Jens Bjørneboe did in a 1966 essay, “We Who Loved America,” that they once were pro-American but, owing to some social change in America or some U.S. government action, have altered their position. The current claim is that Europeans loved America until the Iraq War; before that, it was a truism that they loved America until Vietnam. But Bromark and Herbjørnsrud state flatly that “It wasn’t the Vietnam War that made European intellectuals, authors and academics anti-American. The truth is that they had been anti-American all along.” As early as 1881, the Norwegian author Bjørnsterne Bjørnson argued that Europe’s America-bashing had to stop; even earlier, in 1869, James Russell Lowell complained that Europeans invariably saw America “in caricature.” Indeed, nineteenth-century European aristocrats despised America as a symbol of progress, innovation, and (above all) equality, ridiculing it as a mongrel land of simple-minded Indians and blacks; later, avaricious Jews were added to the list. These stereotypes soon spread to Americans generally, resulting in today’s European-establishment view of Americans as materialistic morons. 	   And he didn't even mention Sydney Smith.
     
    


	 
         "Come let me tell you who the Jews are. The Jews have lied about the Creator, and even more so about His creations. The Jews are the murderers of the prophets, the violators of agreements, of whom Allah said: 'Every time they make a promise under oath, some of them violated it; most of them are unbelievers.' These are the Jews: usurers and whoremongers. They will leave you nothing, neither this world nor religion."  These words are heard frequently on Al-Jazeera, in various commentaries coming from hosts like Sheikh Qaradhawi and other speakers who appear in panel discussions. The words are never challenged.  They come from Osama Bin Laden. It is from his famous "Feast of the Sacrifice" sermon.     urlLink  'CNN of Middle East' a TV network that only George Orwell could love   by Charles Adler of the Winnipeg Sun.
     
    


	 
       urlLink  Soft on Islam, by Klaus Rohrich.   Don't know how long this link will be up, but here's how it starts:   Last Sunday a Methodist minister in Coquitlam BC urged his parishioners to go out and set fire to all the area’s mosques. On the same weekend, a Catholic clergyman in Yonkers, N.Y. rigged a couple of his altar boys with dynamite-laden vests and sent them out to blow up the headquarters of the Muslim-American Association of New York. A month previous, a Baptist minister in Atlanta, Georgia called for the eradication of all Muslims and told his church that if they died while engaged in the act of killing Muslim "Infidels", they would be guaranteed a spot in Heaven, at the right hand of Jesus. A Rabbi in Stockholm, Sweden urged his Schul to form up gangs and "smite Muslims, wherever they may find them".  Sound absurd? Of course it does, as no Christian or Jewish cleric today would dream of doing anything of the sort. However, that isn’t the case with the world’s fastest growing religion. Almost daily, Islamic clerics are calling for, among other things, the destruction of Israel, the destruction of the Great Satan, America, the killing of infidel tourists around the world and the death of all Jews.  However, there is little or no reaction from the so-called civilized world to this genocidal ranting. In fact, the West seems to tiptoe around anything to do with Islamic malfeasance. I do not understand this. Is it because we are afraid that by excoriating their racist slander, they will turn on us, or is it because of some misguided sense of tolerance and acceptance of cultural differences?   UPDATE:  urlLink  See here   for the long-term link to this piece, and thanks to "passer-by" for locating it.
     
    


	 
      The Sept. 11 commission report doesn’t directly address the Iraq war. That’s deliberate. The commission chairmen said they opted for a strict interpretation of their mandate, and they kept the focus on Sept. 11, 2001, and its immediate aftermath.  They frankly admit that doing otherwise would have jeopardized their ability to make a report at all. The bipartisan National Commission on Terrorist Attacks Upon the United States (to call it by its full name), is deeply divided about the propriety of this war. So is the American people. It’s an honest difference that too often devolves into polemics and demagoguery.  But the panel did the nation, as well as itself, a service by sidestepping Iraq. It wrote a saga of Sept. 11 that ranks with the best prose produced in the name of that awful day. To read it is to feel again the grip in the throat and the shock of horror.  And it reminds us that, whether we agree about Iraq, a real and very dangerous enemy attacked us, and intends to do so again.  The tale of the Islamist terrorists and what they wrought in America with box-cutters and credit cards reminds us again how ill-prepared we were, and are, for all our military might, for the new war. Our enemy is a major force in one of the world’s great religions; how do you fight a religion with tank battalions?  As we measure up presidential candidates this summer, much of the focus will be on Iraq. But perhaps the better measure of their qualification is, do they understand Sept. 11? Do they recognize the enemy of that day? Do they have a sane plan to defeat it?
     
    


	 
      It's what I'm missing right now in American politics and public life. Oh, not selfish ambition: there's plenty of that. But a kind of morally guided ambition to do public good, and to feel the pure joy that derives from that. It was an essential quality in the democracies of ancient times. It was recognized as such by our Founders.  Ron Chernow's new Hamilton biography describes the young immigrant lad at the point of making his first foray into public political life, as a college student, with the Revolution gathering.   Eager to make his mark, Hamilton was motivated by a form of ambition much esteemed in the eighteenth century -- what he later extolled as the "love of fame, the ruling passion of the noblest minds, which would prompt a man to plan and undertake extensive and arduous enterprises for the public benefit." Ambition was reckless in inspired by purely selfish motives but laudable if guided by great principles.   Not only did he devote himself to giving the nation independence, a balanced government, and a sound economy, he promoted and founded industries deliberately  because America needed them.  He took part in the biggest entrepreneurial venture of his day. Unbridled capitalism? Proto-Enron? No way. Investors were promised profits, but the company was called the "Society for Useful Manufactures." Profit and patriotism. He tried to make money and do good for the American people at the same time.  Then again, Hamilton was one of the first in the United States to be lacerated by sexual blackmail and slanderous tales of bribes and embezzlement, as the recompense for his devotion to public causes. And the ancient Athenians and Romans had their Hamiltons, too. Once you've made your mark, you become the mark for those whose only ambition is to tear down.
     
    


	 
      You think it's ugly now; just wait.  Tom Ridge says al Qaida may be entering the "operational or planning phase of an attack," yearning to hit America hard sometime before Election Day.  Since Sept. 11, only the most paranoid fringe players have asserted the cynical theory that the Bush Administration knew what was going to happen that day and let it happen for the sake of some agenda. Rather, Bush has been condemned for his clueless, slack-jawed response. Next time, if it comes, it will be different. If I'm right, the anti-war voices already are staking out their positions on the grassy knoll, ready to open fire with the lurid assertion that "Bush knew."  The virulently anti-war, anti-Bush Guardian newspaper in Britain runs an occasional series under the heading "Fortress America" Today's is titled  urlLink  George Bush's re-election hopes may well hang on al-Qaida's ruthless ingenuity.    The Guardian doesn't have the guts to come right out and say it. But the piece seems aimed at setting up a public suspicion that Bush knows an al Qaida attack -- gods forbid there should be one -- between now and November would assure his re-election, and that, if he has some inclination that one is coming, he might not try very hard to stop it. Here's the article's conclusion:    In a recent opinion poll for the Economist, handling the war on terror was one of the few areas in which American voters favoured Bush over Kerry. It seems likely there would be a wave of patriotic solidarity with the incumbent. In short, Bush's election chances may depend on the ruthless ingenuity of al-Qaida, while Kerry's election chances may depend on the ability of Bush's department of homeland security to combat it.     There's a paternalism in the institution of the presidency, and Americans will rally around an incumbent leader, even an unpopular one, in a national crisis. But the anti-war left has noticed that this can be thwarted, quickly and effectively, by deflecting the galvanizing effect of an attack into national anger at the administration. And their model is Spain.  "A major terrorist attack on the American homeland a few days before November 2 would almost certainly not have the effect that the Madrid pre-election bombing had, sending swing voters to the anti-war opposition," the Guardian writes. No, an attack by itself wouldn't. But a scandalous revelation that the Bush administration had let it happen surely would, and the Guardian surely knows this. As do others in its camp. It needn't be a full revelation; in a nation as split and jittery as we are this year, a strong suspicion, shouted loudly enough by reputable sources, might suffice.  In Spain, voters tossed the U.S.-allied Aznar government just days after a major terrorist attack. Nobody accused Aznar of complicity in the attack. But, they say, he knew that if voters connected the deaths to his unpopular decision to take part in the war to overthrow Saddam, they would swing behind his opponent. Aznar, the pundits say, too quickly blamed the terror bombings on Basque groups. Al Qaida turned out to be the culprit. The national anguish at the vicious murder of almost 200 citizens galvanized into anger -- not at the killers, but at the government that named the wrong suspect.  The U.S. is not Spain; it's hard to imagine that sequence happening here. But you can't blame the Bush-bashers for dreaming of the anger of U.S. voters if Bush or his cabinet were believed to have cynically allowed Americans to die for the sake of an election.  And you have to think some people in high places are already rehearsing what they might say in the days between a terrorist attack on the U.S. and the next presidential election.  As despicable as that would be, the Guardian piece veers right off the track into tin-foil-hat territory by suggesting that Bush's self-interest converges with bin Laden's. "Osama bin Laden ... must be backing an election victory for George Bush."   The object of the terrorist is often to reveal the "true" repressive character of the state against which the terror is directed, and thus win further support for the terrorists' cause. If the United States had just acted in Afghanistan, and then concentrated on hoovering-up the remains of al-Qaida, the United States might clearly be winning the war on terror today. But, as bin Laden must have hoped, the Bush administration overreacted, and thus provided, in Iraq and Guantánamo, recruiting sergeants for al-Qaida of which Osama could only dream.   "So in this looking-glass world of backhanded ironies ... al-Qaida terrorists will be backing Bush, because he's their best recruiter." And in that view, the article reports, the terrorists may well try to influence the American election by timing an attack to boost Bush into another four-year term.  OK, overlook the howler about putting Afghanistan in one category and Guantanamo in another: the Guardian, which editorializes tirelessly against Guantanamo, doesn't seem to realize that "the vast majority" of the detainees there were scooped up in the Afghan campaign.  The fact is, the Islamists don't need Bush's policies to bring in recruits. They have allies in mosques all around the world, tirelessly preaching Jihad, and filling the heads of uninformed young men with the most ludicrous lies about the U.S., the Jews, 9/11, you name it. If the U.S. had stopped with Afghanistan, the only difference would be that the outcry from the mosques and al Jazeera about human rights abuses, secret Mossad operations, and mass rapes of Muslim women by G.I.s would have been told about that country, rather than Iraq.  The Guardian doesn't document its suggestion that, the more America fights back, the more Muslims join the radicals. Perhaps in some cases that is so. But there is good anecdotal evidence from Iraq that our determined resistance to Islamist jihad dampens the enthusiasm of the enemy -- not all of them seem to want those 70 virgins right now. And a perception of our weakness, as in Fallujah, is regarded throughout the region as a wonderful gift to Islamist "recruiters."  You don't read about imams preaching, "go fight the Americans, they hit back hard." But you do hear a lot about them telling their followers how weak and decadent we are, for all our appearance of power. Fallujah, not Guantanamo, is their rallying cry.  As for Spain,  Iraq al-Jihad,  the al-Qaeda strategy document publicized after the Madrid bombings, shows that the terrorists didn't care a damn about the left-right nuances of the Popular Party and the Socialist Party. The Spanish elections were targeted for one reason: the Socialist Party had pledged, in its platform, to pull Spanish troops out of Iraq unless the U.S. got a U.N. mandate for them to be there.  To the Islamists, Spain was a soft ally that could be peeled away from the main target. And America is target number one. Al Qaida doesn't care that the "bring the troops home now" crowd supports Kerry. Their war on us goes on no matter who sits in the White House. Al Qaida loathes America and the West, and while the Guardian's pundits inhabit a space where the gap between Bush and Kerry is as wide as America, to al Qaida, they're both the same; a different face on the Great Satan.   But speaking of Islamist "recruiting," in Spain this year Al Qaida determined the outcome of a European nation's election. It asserted Islamic power in Spain in a way that it hasn't been felt since the 15th century. For once, a Western power knuckled under to Islamic force, not the reverse. Realities don't matter in the Islamic Middle East; in that world, perception rules. George Bush could say or do nothing that would send Islamist hotheads running to Osama faster than voters in Spain did.
     
    


	 
      I used to work with a wonderful reporter named Mark Johnson, a New Yorker who never got over his indignation at having to work in rural Pennsylvania, amid rube politicians who tried to snow him on stories. Once when he was covering the police beat in the city, after a long session of haggling with the mayor on the phone, we heard him blurt out sarcastically, "how many 'isolated incidents' does it take to make a crime wave?"  In the same spirit,  urlLink  Ace of Spades   notes that the number of Sarin and/or mustard-gas shells uncovered in Iraq now is up to 35, asks, "What number constitutes a 'stockpile'? One would think that any time you're above 20 or 30, you're in at least small-stockpile territory. I want the liberals to give us a number, now. Because, a month from now, when we've discovered 60-100, I don't want to hear that a "stockpile" has now been redefined to be whatever number we have not yet reached."
     
    


	 
      Pundits, prophets, and political hacks are tearing through  urlLink  the 9/11 Commission Report,   hoping to fetch up a weapon handy to beat the other side. But the big picture? After all that talk and anguish and tawdriness, nothing new. The whole country got whacked that sunny morning almost three years ago. We all stared at the pictures and the video footage, disbelieving, stunned. Nobody expected it.  OK, I'm not supposed to expect it, and neither are you. But what about the men and women in power? The report doesn't change the answer: Nobody expected it. And after the report, all sorts of recommendations for how to change Congress, the spy agencies, and the entire structure of government, start to percolate. They'll be dead by Election Day.  Because this is our choice: do we want to live in a country where spies are limited, government keeps its hands off its citizens, and people practice their freedoms uninhibited? Or do we want a government that is ruthlessy efficient at spying, anticipating trouble, and keeping track of every detail that might someday connect to something else?  We've looked at that choice and turned away. Invade Afghanistan, attack Iraq. Argue about peace and oil. Change one party for another. Those things we can do, they can drown out the bigger questions.  How can we engage in a generation-long struggle againt an amorphous, stateless, potent, rich enemy that takes the form of a branch of one of the world's great religion, without fundamentally changing the nature of our government and national culture, without becoming a different nation than what we are? Look what the Civil War did to us in four years.  This bit of the report, detailing events of 1998, is nothing new, either, in principle.    On December 20, intelligence indicated Bin Ladin would be spending the night at the Haji Habash house, part of the governor's residence in Kandahar. The chief of the Bin Ladin unit, "Mike," told us that he promptly briefed Tenet and his deputy, John Gordon. From the field, the CIA's Gary Schroen advised: "Hit him tonight -- we may not get another chance." An urgent teleconference of principals was arranged.   The principals considered a cruise missile strike to try to kill Bin Ladin. One issue they discussed was the potential collateral damage -- the number of innocent bystanders who would be killed or wounded. General Zinni predicted a number well over 200 and was concerned about damage to a nearby mosque .... By the end of the meeting, the principals decided against recommending to the President that he order a strike ....   Some lower-level officials were angry. "Mike" reported to Schroen that he had been unable to sleep after this decision. "I'm sure we'll regret not acting last night," he wrote, criticizing the principals for "worrying that some stray shrapnel might hit the Habash mosque and offend Muslims."   The principals, he said, were "obsessed" with trying to get others -- Saudis, Pakistanis, Afghan tribals -- to "do what we won't do." Schroen was disappointed too. "We should have done it last night," he wrote. "We may well come to regret the decision not to go ahead." [9-11 Report, page 147-148]   In the cruel math of Realpolitik, trade 200 lives for 3,000? But subtract from your mind, if possible, every image of 9/11, every falling, burning, bleeding body, every tear and gasp of rage. Then kill the same 200 people on the chance -- mere chance -- that this one man might succeed in his plan to wreak devastation on America.  And imagine the reaction in the U.N. General Assembly, in the Middle Eastern mosques, in the German and French press.
     
    


	 
      A fairly high-ranking official in the Coalition Provisional Authority was a local guy, Don Eberly. After the CPA's mission wound up last month, one of our reporters did an interview with him and wrote up a story. Due perhaps to the newspaper's continuing lack of interest in anything to do with the redevelopment of Iraq, however, the story hasn't run.  Here's a few excerpts: Eberly has been with the CPA since March 2003. He lived in Iraq for nearly four months, overseeing and reconstructing the Ministry of Youth and Sport, one of 24 ministries rebuilt by the authority. After he came back to the States, Eberly worked as the director of social policy, advising senior staff members in Iraq in education, higher education (particularly the universities), health, youth and sport, labor, and social affairs. Now that the authority is officially dissolved, Eberly is putting the finishing touches on the transition of power in Iraq and the coordination of privately donated equipment and supplies from U.S. companies.  "A lot of what is going on in Iraq now involves a huge amount of oversight and coordination with Washington. There are serious bucks going into Iraq. With the CPA phase-out, we're facing huge demands from Congress for basic reporting. 'How are you doing with education?' 'How are you doing with health?' 'How are you spending our money on contractors and subcontractors?' 'What's the state of reconstruction across dozens and dozens of categories?' "  Sometimes he runs the pick for Iraqi officials, tackling issues before they become problems.  "Part of our mission, in fact -- to use football terms -- is to be the defensive line. Because we do what we do, people in Iraq are not bothered every day with calls that come from Congress and the media. We're the front-line representatives."  Eberly said the now-defunct authority is still moving computers, high technology supplies, health care supplies and equipment, pharmaceuticals and educational supplies to Iraq on behalf of mostly U.S. companies.   "I just shipped 30,000 medical textbooks about (a month ago)."  "I do not at all sugarcoat reality in Iraq. I don't see any purpose served in that. We're not serving the people well by being anything less than forthright. The negatives are already well-known. We know about the security challenges. We know about the insurgency. In America, we say location, location, location; in Iraq we say the top three issues are security, security, security."  "Yet Iraq does not have a general insurgency like the one U.S. troops faced in Vietnam. If there were a general insurgency, we'd all be in big trouble. The truth is that it is a quite limited insurgency. One that's large enough to do substantial damage on a daily basis, but it is, in fact, quite isolated."  "There are vast areas of the country where Iraqis are essentially getting on with their lives. There has been, long before the creation of the CPA, a lot of local Iraqi leadership. They're running the towns and cities and are managing municipal services and organizing town councils. A good bit of the country is actually working relatively normal."  Bue he said the insurgency has succeeded in opening a rift of "pervasive fear and mistrust" between the Iraqi people and U.S. soldiers.  "It is a very unfortunate side effect and makes doing the job a lot harder. There is a lot of barber-chair concern among Iraqis about things that are going on in Iraq."  Eberly said there was a bipartisan agreement that regime change should be made in Iraq. Sept. 11 deepened those concerns.  "Most people standing where the president stood at the moment in time when the final decision had to be made would probably have made the same decision. The weapons of mass destruction issue will remain with us for a long time and I have no idea how it will settle out in history. People have a tendency to forget that Saddam Hussein was himself, in the words of the Iraqi people, a weapon of mass destruction."  Eberly said, most forecasters are predicting significant progress this year in Iraq's economy. "This is locally generated economic growth. It should be a pretty solid year. It's hard to see that kind of progress when your television screen is filled with violence and destruction."  "One of the interesting questions, I think, that history will ask is, 'Did we handle de-Baathification properly?' You've got to get rid of the people who were sympathizers of the previous regime. And that's where it gets complicated because it's gray. How do I know where your sympathies are, Mr. Senior Baath Party official? What was your role?"  Eberly said there was a blanket policy that the top three levels of the Baath Party government had to go.  "Then we had a policy inviting officials back on a case-by-case basis. That gets complicated because one of the biggest concerns is, what do you do with the people who had power?"  Many were mere administrators who had committed no crimes. Yet many couldn't be invited into the new administration because their ideologies were in doubt.  "The minute you relinquish control, they have all the advantages, in a worst-case scenario. They've got connections and can easily take advantage."  But they couldn't just be left idle. "You're talking about some very talented people. People who had all the power before and knew all the tricks of the trade when it came to manipulating the political environment to go about achieving what they want."  The Iraqi army faces a similar problem. "The question there is, 'Should we invite the previous army back?' Some of them are professional soldiers and will show allegiance to whoever is in power. This kind of soldier is not an ideologue. But if you eliminate a professional soldier and disarm and shame him in front of his family and community, you've got a big problem."  "De-Baathification was the toughest part of our jobs as senior advisors. I spent so much time on De-Baathification because any blanket approach was not adequate. It almost had to be case by case. It's like schools of fish in the ocean swimming together. You don't know friend from foe when it comes to political issues. It is impossible to have a high success rate when it comes to hiring back someone who served in a mid-level capacity in Saddam Hussein's government. It's extremely difficult to get that right. You're talking about thousands of people."  "De-Baathification was extremely complicated. If you didn't drill down far enough, if you didn't dig deep enough, in terms of removing close ideological ties to the old administration, it would be like replacing Hitler without removing Hitler's Nazi party." 
     
    


	 
      Maybe you had to be there. I did research into the records of a couple of Civil War regiments at the National Archives in 1989, so maybe that's why the Washington Post account of Sandy Berger's "Trousergate" troubles strikes me as hilarious:   The FBI is investigating Clinton administration national security adviser Samuel R. "Sandy" Berger's removal of classified documents from the National Archives, attorneys for Berger confirmed last night.   Berger inadvertently took copies of several versions of an after-action memo on the millennium bombing plot from the Archives last fall, said his attorney Lanny Breuer. The lawyer said one or more of the copies were then inadvertently discarded. ...  Berger discovered several versions of the classified memo in a leather portfolio he had taken to the Archives, his attorney said. He returned them and papers on which he had taken notes about materials he had reviewed. Those notes, Breuer said, were not supposed to have been removed from the Archives without review by employees there. Berger's actions, said Breuer, were the result of "sloppiness" and were unintentional.    Berger "inadvertently" stuffed "several" classified documents down his pants? (A detail the WaPo conveniently omits). I know he went in there intending to cover his ass, but I didn't think he meant it literally.  In all the time I've done historical research, I never had the urge to put it down my pants.  Then he "discovered" other documents in his book bag. Who could have put them there? The Little People?  The National Archives staff was a good deal more strict with me when I did my research, I can tell you. They kept track of every singe soldier's file I touched -- and well they should have. I had to go right to the top of the food chain to get permission to have more than one of them in front of me at a time.  The Chester County Historical Society in Pennsylvania, wher eI did the bulk of my research, never would have let Berger rip them off like that. They would have had his number. Archivists with valuables under their care can spot a thief. Hell, my high school librarians would have tackled him. Jimmy Snyder, the study hall troublemaker in 10th grade, used to stuff his German texbook down the front of his jeans and brazenly head out the library doors just for the thrill of watching the librarians spring into action and try to bust him for theft.  "Sloppiness" + "U.S. National Security Advisor in the years before 2001" = you do the math.
     
    


	 
      In a piece called "Snark and scholarship,"  urlLink  Schussman   takes me to task for my post  urlLink  lamenting the liberal academics who are so enamored of Michael Moore   in spite of the filmmaker's deceptions, which they readily acknowledge.     Taking the learned professoriate down a peg or two is a favorite hobby of some, as I guess there is great satisfaction in proving them to be out of touch, incompetent, and otherwise ignorant of the real world.    When I was a young journalist in the early '80s, I lived in a crumbling World War I-era apartment block near Bryn Mawr College (yes, it's possible to live on the cheap on the Main Line, but it's not pleasant). My companions were struggling Villanova students and other guys trying to make it in their first jobs. We talked and debated and learned from one another, but mostly we caroused.  One of the places we sometimes ducked into when we had a little money was a popular bar/pizzeria. But the place also was home to a young philosophy professor (he might have been a teaching grad student) from Bryn Mawr. He wore a nattier cut of tweed, and he took his attractive groupies there and held court. He would buttonhole some unsuspecting dolt (i.e. a guy like me), and pose an innocent-sounding bit of Socratic trickery to him, then intellectually skewer the young man's answer while the groupies cooed and grinned appreciatively.  Perhaps he was working off bile for some teasing he had taken from the common sort as a third-grader. I rather doubt it. Even so, I never knew a man I more wanted to slug. He was the intellectual equivalent of the bully bikers in a "Billy Jack" movie. When I have tangled with academics over the years, his face always comes to mind.    I dont think there is any kind of strong case that this characterizes the broad world of academics.    Probably not. I never said it did. I said it was so in my experience. But I don't have contact with that world on a regular basis. Schussman seems to, so I'll take his word for it. I do, however, have contact with the academics who dive into certain public debates about divisive current events. And even if they're an unrepresentative minority, their collective impact is disproportionate. And their words and methods are worth parsing.  Academics maintain their cachet in the public mind, I think, because we presume these are people who habitually read widely and think carefully. We expect them to weigh thoughts before speaking, and to investigate claims before asserting them, and to not claim expertise beyond what they genuinely have.  Ne supra crepidam sutor judicaret.   I used an example from my Online Etymology Dictionary experience, in which I found some gender-studies professors repeating a fairly transparent Internet urban legend about the origin of the word "faggot." It's impossible to prove a negative, but the story they were repeating violated all sorts of common sense rules of language, and it gets no credence in any reputable etymology source.  Schussman speculates that the "etymological example has, I think, more complexity than he allows." I'd be curious to know what I overlooked.    But he moves from this proposition to the idea that academics are essentially corrupt, supporting arguments that they know to be false, a jump that only seems possible by misreading or misrepresenting the evidence at hand.    Maybe my standards are too high. What I said is, "it seems to me that academics, of all people, ought to be committed to rigorous inquiry after true origins, rather than blind clinging to the paps of false idols." And I decried the tendency in academe to embrace false things for what is seen as a higher purpose.  A politician might do that. We expect him to do that. But that seems, to me, to be an illegitimate choice for someone whose opinion carries weight precisely because he or she is assumed to be the kind of person who doesn't do that kind of thing.  Schussman accuses me of "eliding the most significant point of   urlLink Todd Gitlin's review of Fahrenheit 9/11 .  He says I call it a "laudatory review." That's not correct. I call it an "essentially laudatory review." Gitlin laments much about Moore's methods, but he essentially praises the movie for its own sake, as well as for its opinion-shaping role in modern America. Schussman reads the review as saying, "Moore's film is useful, but he's an ass." I read it as, "More's an ass, but his film is useful."  Split the difference, if you like, but consider this line from Gitlin: "Don’t some means justify some ends." No, they don't, I say, if you're talking about a film-maker hammering a complex and delicate world crisis into a vaudeville hook so he can un-elect a president he despises, damn the consequences.  And no, they don't, if you're talking about someone who draws his authority from his association with the university system, writing about the democratic virtues of a work that he knows distorts the truth and passes off deception as reality.  An academic's reputation is based in large part on his or her commitment to honesty. We read their books because we trust that they've done honest research. Gitlin, and I think Schussman, is a sociologist, a discipline that regards itself as a science. It takes the Greek  -logia  into its name, and involves scientific methods. In that system, there is no room for ideology to trump research and inquiry. To see an academic embrace such a view makes me suspect anything I might read by that person that touches on this topic.  And if Gitlin really is saying, "the only way to get truth across to modern Americans is to lie to them," he's doing more damage to his own reputation than I possibly could.    When Gitlin celebrates Moore as the "most compelling, useful filmmaker of the 21st century," it is with a "so far" and a great sigh of regret that it takes unscrupulous demagoguery to generate attention to issues that are critically important -- for those on the right or the left.    And in that passage Gitlin was paraphrasing André Gide on Victor Hugo -- a novelist talking about a poet. And it seems to escape both Gitlin and Schussman that there is a difference between fiction and current events, and that the same standards might not apply. "Art is a lie that tells the truth." But Moore's film is presented as a documentary. (In fact, AP, calls it a "newsreel").  Moore's demagoguery is a positive good, to Gitlin, not for its own sake, but because it converges with Gitlin's personal politcs. He doesn't justify all political demagoguery as a necessity in modern America -- he damns it when he finds it from the other side, as a corrupting influence. Compare Gitlin on Moore:   "Moore makes thunderous propaganda, all right, but it’s  our  propaganda, at last, and much of it  is right.  He’s got more in his arsenal than cheap shots. He’s a not–so–secret weapon against the bully propaganda machine called the White House, which sold a war –- a  war  –- on delusional grounds. With jokes, outtakes, hissable villains, the mother of a dead American soldier from Flint, Michigan – a woman who could make Donald Rumsfeld weep – and rhetorical questions, and insinuating music, and bomb damage footage, and whatever else it takes, Moore gets people who don’t follow antiwar websites to see Iraqi casualties, usually invisible and countless, not to mention a bereaved mother, at length."  "... Moore is the master demagogue an age of demagoguery made. He’s an impresario of spectacle and he corrals people who don’t pay attention to news to pay attention to him and his facts, his footage, his badinage, his sarcasm, his factoid detonations, all of it, indiscriminately, smashing up the complacency that watched George Bush seize power in the most powerful nation in history."   ... to Gitlin on Fox News:    The commercial motive dovetails beautifully with a politics of muscularity and resentment. Over this is laid an objectivity scrim, the veil of "we report, you decide." But it's hard to believe that any of FOX's 1.2 million daily prime-time viewers is fooled. The brashness and raucousness speak for themselves, as if much of the shows were broadcast from the middle-school lunchroom. The phony objectivity is the equivalent of Bill O'Reilly's phony populism ....  "Throughout the day, FOX's formula is consistent: attitude. Its anthem is all percussion, all the time. Even its weather report blares, and its morning show is raucous -- a frat-house alternative to the other channels' goody-two-shoes presentation. Real guys and gals know how the world works. (Corollary: Only a wuss doesn't.) Goodness (Team Bush) faces off against Badness (Saddam Hussein, Kim Jong Il) as surely as brawling Sean Hannity mauls mild Alan Colmes. Animal House flies the flag. Show us a problem and we'll show you that they are responsible.   [ urlLink  We Disport. We Deride. It's all attitude, all the time at FOX News.  ]  Back in May, I lamented  urlLink  British climatologists   praising the global warming disaster movie "The Day After Tomorrow." I take climate change from human activity very seriously -- I argue with conservative friends who want to dismiss it as kooky environmentalism. But to me, scientists only undercut their authority when they praise as "important" a movie that telescopes tens of thousands of years of climate change into a week and delivers up impossible consequences.   And the more the academic community and the policy-makers align themselves with Hollywood junk science, the more they play into the "loony left" trap that discredits them in the eyes of many people who might otherwise accept them. Yet that is likely to be the result in many minds when scientists, given the chance to draw the line between legitimate work and lurid entertainment, choose to embrace the latter as a teaching tool.   The movie so clearly is based on junk science that won't it harm, rather than help, the cause of serious scientists trying to educate the public about a real but complicated issue? But evidently the real scientists have given up and they're counting on special effects to win people over. Good luck. That was before Memorial Day. Now it's late July. Perhaps now the public is concerned about mad scientists with eight robotic arms and journalists who can swing from webs above New York.    Doug manages to avoid being accountable to his own early premise, that argumentation is based on more than abstract qualification. It also takes an appreciation of precision of meaning and an allowance for complexity, but he leaves neither for Gitlin.    Ah, curses, dismissed again. Flashback to Gullifty's in Bryn Mawr. I appreciate the attempt to hold me to the highest standard. But I was writing about the standard that top academics are held to (rightly, I think) in exchange for their authoritative voices, their book sales, their pundit's chairs on NPR. Yet it seems to me Gitlin has descended into journalism and polemics with his piece on Moore (which is painted more in praise than in criticism, if you ask me). Moore's propaganda, which falls far short of rigorous argument, seems to pass muster with Schussman and Gitlin. Then perhaps they will smile upon my polemics, which, simplistic though they be, at least are not wrapped in the deceits of propaganda.  If I, as a mere journalist, can disown certain polemicists who happen to agree with me on certain issues because I find their tactics unworthy of discourse -- Hannity, Coulter, Limbaugh -- is it too much to ask academics to stand up for the truth for its own sake?
     
    


	 
      "Doing a Michael Moore." That's the term a reporter used to an editor as they conspired to injecting the maximum slant into a local story (in this case, about AIDS education funding) that is meant to appear as simple news coverage of an issue or event.  Reporter: "I want to say, 'how can we afford not to do this?' ... (snicker) Without editorializing." 
     
    


	 
      To the list of war opponents who, before the war, believed Saddam had WMD. Or at least they wrote as though they believed it. With some of these folks, it's difficult to tell anymore if they mean what they say. From an  urlLink  L.A. Times Op-Ed   piece by Joseph C. Wilson, Feb. 6, 2003:    There is now no incentive for Hussein to comply with the inspectors or to refrain from using weapons of mass destruction to defend himself if the United States comes after him.  And he will use them; we should be under no illusion about that.   
     
    


	 
      The Australian blogger Arthur Chrenkoff runs a regular round-up of the good news from Iraq, scoured from various media and official sources. You might have seen one or two of the stories, amid the reports of gloom and carnage. But to see them all stacked together in one place is an enlightening, and uplifting, experience.  Today, the Wall Street Journal got wise to that, and printed a Chrenkoff  urlLink  good news roundup   (on its editorial page, of course, even though these are all news reports).  My favorite? It's hard to pick a favorite off this menu. But I like this one:   Biology professor Safaa Al-Hamdani wasn't expecting an avalanche of books when he asked colleagues at Jacksonville State University to help his alma mater in Baghdad restock its libraries. But donations have been pouring in from around the country. "I never thought it would get this big," Al-Hamdani said Friday.  It all began when JSU professors Bill Hug, Kelly Gregg and others joined the effort, collecting spare books off professors' shelves to ship to Baghdad University, which has been drained by decades of brutal dictatorship, war, and international sanctions.   A story about the book drive last month in The Anniston Star was picked up by other media outlets, and books started arriving from universities all over the country.   While we support and cheer on Iraqi academics, let us also remember the risks that those brave Iraqis who want to rebuild their country face every day. A new study has found that around 250 university professors have been killed since April 2003.    A long time ago, I came this close to taking a job offer to work for The Anniston Star, buying a motorcycle, and moving to eastern Alabama. I thought it was a great little paper then. I think so all the more now, after reading this.
     
    


	 
      It a post, I wrote that the "9/11 hijackers spent their last nights in strip clubs and booze halls." Someone asked if I could verify this. I did a quick check, and discovered that the report is that the ones who lived in Florida spent their last week there hanging out in a topless bar. I don't know if that forms any part of any of the official reports on the hijackers.
     
    


	 
         Why do you think French and German were such backstabbers?    I'll let Bill Clinton answer that one for me: He said recently, in Europe while promoting his autobiography, "But at the time nearly everybody thought there was probably a stock of chemical and biological weapons there [Iraq] and it was vulnerable to falling into the wrong hands, either by design or by corruption within Saddam’s regime. And essentially the French and the Germans said, 'we still don’t care.' "  In case you have forgotten it, I haven't: In March 2003, as the showdown with Saddam loomed and the U.S. and Britain were trying to convince the U.N. to back up its own threats, it was the French, with help from the Germans and Russians, who turned the entire event on its head and made the U.N. an organization devoted to stopping the demon that is America. They used their political position on the world stage to become human shields for one of the worst dictators ever to curse a nation.  After Saddam flouted 16 U.N. resolutions, Bush said, "The conduct of the Iraqi regime is a threat to the authority of the United Nations, and a threat to peace. Iraq has answered a decade of U.N. demands with a decade of defiance. All the world now faces a test and the United Nations a difficult and defining moment. Are Security Council resolutions to be honored and enforced, or cast aside without consequence? Will the United Nations serve the purpose of its founding, or will it be irrelevant?"  The Security Council subsequently passed a 17th resolution -- unanimously -- which supported military action if it was not complied with. Iraq flouted this one, too. Yet still, with the whole world watching, France and Germany flatly refused to  ever  back an attack on that regime.  Security Council members France (permanent) and Germany (temporarily) undermined the U.S. by jointly announcing their intent to block U.N. authorization of an invasion against Iraq, even before U.N. weapons inspectors had submitted their final report to the council. French Foreign Minister Dominique de Villepin said Paris wouldn't accept the "logic of ultimatums." France vowed to use its veto power on the council to kill  any resolution that could be seen as authorizing war.  The French rejected a British compromise proposal to the council  even before Iraq did.   And the sad part is, I believe Chirac and Schröder did this, in large part, to help themselves and their parties in the short-term goal of winning national elections. Schröder especially ran on a platform almost entirely pitched to Germans' anti-Americanism, to balance out voters' anger over the sagging German economy. When his coalition won a narrow victory, Reuters reported that the campaign was "dominated by Schroeder's blunt opposition to a U.S.-led attack on Iraq."   While Bush, Blair, Aznar and others risked their political lives to do what they thought was right. If the U.N. is more irrelevant today than it was in April 2003, the blame does not lie in Washington, D.C. 
     
    


	 
         [You say] the UN is a useless club for other countries (dictators?) to lecture the US and accomplish nothing; also, the UN is not the same as the world (from another of your messages): The UN is an assembly of representatives of the world's governments. I may be wrong, but, as a result of the expansion of democracy in the last 2 decades, the UN has now a large majority of democratically elected governments. In this sense, it represents the world's will (in the same way that the US Congress represents the will of the American people).  Now, if this is true, how can one say that its debates are useless? And how can one consign it to oblivion simply because it doesn't happen to assent to one's wishes?    According to Freedom House, "electoral democracies constitute 120 of the 192 internationally recognized independent polities." But to say that the U.N. represents "the world's will" in the way that Congress represents the American people's will is false. The U.S. people directly elect their Congress. A little under two-thirds of the people in the U.N. elect their leaders. Those leaders then  appoint  representatives to the U.N. And the U.N.'s work is often done at the level of committees which are elected from among the representatives. So the relation that the U.N. bears to the people of the world is more like that of a U.S. Senate subcommittee. And those can be pretty far off base.  The UN has noble ideals, but a rotten reality. Consider the outrageous decision, on the eve of the Iraq war, to name a delegate from Libya to head the UN Human Rights Commission (UNHRC). Thirty-three of the UNHRC's 53-member nations voted in favour of Libya and 17 abstained, even though Libya is still under UN sanctions for supporting international terrorism. This is the conscience of the world community? Ghadafi's regime, which the U.N. itself has accused of summary executions and systematic use of torture, should sit in judgment of Denmark and Japan and Singapore?  Instead, the U.N. General Assembly has been obsessed with condemning the Jewish state -- along with Turkey, the sole real democracy, till now, in the entire festering Middle East. Driven by its Arab bloc, supported by Third World dictatorships, and with the increasing support of EU nations currying favor with the Arabs, the U.N. has passed more resolutions condemning Israel than any other nation on Earth, while excusing Palestinian terrorism and ignoring the catastrophic human rights violations of Israel's regional enemies.   The UNHRC especially has a history of singling out Israel and recently all but endorsed terrorism against its civilians through a resolution supporting "armed struggle ... by all available means." But it was at the infamous World Conference Against Racism in Durban in 2001 where the years of festering U.N. anti-Semitism flowed out in public in raw displays of anti-Semitism, including intimidation, harassment and hate-filled speeches. The conference was hijacked by those whose only interest was to bash Israel at what was supposed to be a forum against world racism.  Attempts even were made to revive the infamous "Zionism is racism" resolution passed by the General Assembly in 1975 (and only repealed in 1991 after a campaign by Bush Sr.) -- a resolution UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan has called "a low point" in the U.N.'s history.   Given its blatant anti-Semitism, the U.N. should remove from its entrance the famous phrase that ostensibly defines its mission: "They shall beat their swords into plowshares, their spears into pruning hooks. Nation shall not lift up sword against nation, neither shall they learn war any more." This, after all, is a quote from Isaiah.  For another example, see the recent ICJ decision ordering Israel to tear down its security fence. In the last four months two Israelis have died in suicide attacks, compared with 166 killed in the same time frame at the height of the terror. Israel finally finds a nonviolent, changeable way to stop terrorism, and 14 judges in The Hague rule it illegal -— in an opinion read by a chief judge representing China, which massacred hundreds of its own citizens who were demonstrating peacefully in Tiananmen Square. In the decision, the word "terrorism" appears not once (except when citing Israeli claims).  The decision is based on the phony pretext that the 1949 cease-fire line is in fact Israel's boundary. That has yet to be determined. The Palestinians -- who claim all of Israel -- have never accepted that boundary. But based on that, the court declared itself “not convinced” that Israel needs this barrier for its security. It said the fence violates Palestinian “humanitarian” rights such as “the right to work, to health, to education and to an adequate standard of living as proclaimed in the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights and in the United Nations Convention on the Rights of the Child.”  What about Israelis' right not to get blown to smithereens while riding the bus to work? What about the rights of Isreali Palestinians, who are as often victims of these bombers?  As a U.S. newspaper columnist (Charles Krauthammer) wrote this week, "Yes, the fence causes some hardship to Palestinians. Some are separated from their fields, some schoolchildren have to walk much farther to class. This is unfortunate. On any scale of human decency, however, it is far more unfortunate that 1,000 Israelis are dead from Palestinian terrorism, and thousands more horribly maimed, including Israeli schoolchildren with nails and bolts and shrapnel lodged in their brains and spines who will never be walking to school again."  Even if it had not been hijacked by anti-Semites and anti-Americans, and even if it were not hopelessly corrupt (the pre-war Iraq food-for-oil bribery scandal is a great example), The U.N., like the Geneva Conventions, is simply out of date. It is set up to deal with problems that have changed and mutated, while the organization itself has not.  Its charter is meant to regulate a world of nation-states. International relations generally now stabilized throughout much of the world. The U.N. could still perform some useful role and exercise some authority -- as it did in East Timor -- in places where they are not (such as the recent wars in West Africa), if it had the balls to actually get up off its ass and claim that authority.  But nothing in the U.N. charter allows it to get involved in inter-national crises without an invitation. And the current leadership of the U.N. clearly has no stomach for that sort of work. So Saddam butchers the Kurds and the Shiites and nobody at the U.N. lifts a finger. Yet these kinds of dlaughter are what causes the most suffering in the world today. Neither does the U.N. have any mechanism to deal with extra-state forces like international terror. Yet these, not nation-state wars, are driving the current crisis in the world, and I am willing to bet they will remain the fountains of global violence for the rest of my lifetime and yours.
     
    


	 
         As I remember Mr. Bush pressed the war as urgent claiming that Saddam had weapons of mass destruction (chemicals, maybe nuclear in the making). I don't even see the Bush administration mention that now. Apparently because no evidence has appeared. This is what I mean by "under false pretenses".    I think you're confused about "legitimacy." In the internationalist view, a military action by one nation against another can be "legitimate" only if it is approved by the U.N. Security Council. Once the war has begun, without Security Council approval, it's always "illegitimate." It doesn't matter if the warring nation's pre-war statements prove to be true.  The overthrow of the Taliban in Afghanistan was illegitimate, in this view, and so was the NATO attacks on Serbia that saved the Muslims in Kosovo from ethnic cleansing, and so was the overthrow of Saddam. All alike, equally, were "illegitimate." The attack on Iraq would have been just as illegitimate, in this view, if the WMD had been discovered.  But let's allow you to take a position of convenience, however untenable, for the sake of following through on this argument, and let "legitimacy" be determined by the reasons the U.S. gave for its desire to overthrow Saddam in 2003.  I don't know anyone whose entire support of the decision to overthrow Saddam was based on the notion that he had WMD. For those of us who supported the administration in this, it always was a mix of motives.  I was not convinced of any real working relationship between his regime and al Qaida. In fact, the level of contact between them that was revealed by the U.S. 9/11 Committee report actually was more than I thought existed. I was surprised.  But a strong pillar of my support for this war was the "anti-totalitarian" justification. Saddam was a tyrant. His people suffered cruelly. It is the duty of free peoples to help those in slavery. Sometimes this is only done by war, which is always horrible and destructive. It was especially our duty, as Americans, to see that this was done because we had helped prop up Saddam in the 1980s. Our involvement with him was less than that of others -- the Europeans sold him most of the weapons he used on Iran and the Kurds -- but just because they felt no responsibility for him doesn't mean we shouldn't have, either.  Eastern European intellectuals like Vaclav Havel, who remember the repressions of the Soviets, and the role of the NATO nations in ending those repressions, supported the war against Saddam on these grounds.  Adam Michnik, the leading force in the Solidarity trade union movement who founded and edits Poland's largest daily newspaper, put it like this:   We take this position because we know what dictatorship is. And in the conflict between totalitarian regimes and democracy you must not hesitate to declare which side you are on. Even if a dictatorship is not an ideal typical one, and even if the democratic countries are ruled by people whom you do not like. I think you can be an enemy of Saddam Hussein even if Donald Rumsfield is also an enemy of Saddam Hussein. ... It's simply that life has taught me that if someone is being whipped and someone is whipping this person, I am always on the side of those who are being whipped.  I've always criticized U.S. foreign policy for forgetting that the United States should defend those who need to be defended. I would object to U.S. policy if it supported Saddam Hussein, and I have always criticized the United States for supporting military regimes in Latin America.  I asked my French and German friends, Are you afraid that tomorrow Bush will bomb Paris? And can you really be sure that terrorists and fundamentalists will not attack the Louvre? So which side are you on?"   Ultimately, though, the WMD threat was the one that got the most play, the most press, and it seems, in retrospect, like Bush and his friends said nothing else. But that's hindsight. Certainly the anti-war crowd is going to make it seem that way, because that threat turned out to not live up to the dramatic urgency that it was cloaked in before the war.  I was concerned about the certainty that, if left to himself, Saddam would get or make WMD and use them. I thought he probably had something up his sleeve. I guess I was wrong about that, but not entirely. And it was never my sole reason for backing the war.  It was never the Bush administration's sole stated reason, either. For instance, a key document in the march to war is the White House Background Paper on Iraq,  urlLink "A Decade of Deception and Defiance" , which served as a background paper for Bush's Sept. 12 speech to the United Nations General Assembly.   One-seventh of it, by my rough estimate, is devoted to WMD.  Other headline sections in the report are: Saddam Hussein's Repression of the Iraqi People, Refusal to Admit Human Rights Monitors, Violence Against Women, Torture, Saddam Hussein's Abuse of Children, Disappearances, Withholding of Food, and Crimes Against Muslims. Altogether almost twice as much space is given to human rights abuses as is given to WMD. Another section is titled "Saddam Hussein's Defiance of United Nations Resolutions," and more than twice as much space is devoted to this as to WMD.  Other topics in the report: Saddam Hussein's Support for International Terrorism, Saddam Hussein's Refusal to Account for Gulf War Prisoners, Saddam Hussein's Refusal to Return Stolen Property, Saddam Hussein's Efforts to Circumvent Economic Sanctions.  The WMD threat was played up by the U.S. and the British in the weeks before the war. In part, Bush did this to give Powell, the internationalist in his cabinet, a chance to accomplish something. In part, he did it as a courtesy to Blair, who faced intense political pressure not to send British troops into battle without U.N. support. But also in part -- I think in large part -- this was done because it was the one issue that the U.N. had taken a position on. The U.S. and its allies were seeking the "legitimacy" of a U.N. approval, and at the same time they were seeking to force the U.N. to stand up and be something but an anti-U.S./anti-Israel bitchfest.  The Iraq resolutions were the exact right place to do that. The U.N., after all, takes no positions on internal matters such as whether a tyrant can feed parents alive into a shredding machine in front of their children. Or whether a dictator can kidnap young girls off the streets to serve as his "girlfriends."  Bush rolled two questions into his efforts at the U.N. before the war: "Will you give us approval to overthrow Saddam," and, "Are you a real world governing body, with teeth, or just a paper mill that churns out threats that are never going to be enforced."  Iraq wasn't the most serious problem in the world in March 2003? Looking back, probably not. But how could the U.N. bring any pressure to bear on North Korea, on Iran, if after 17 condemning resolutions against Iraq, each one of them torn up by the dictator, it did nothing but rally its members to protect Saddam from American pressure? The U.N. was adept at passing "resolutions," but the body itself was far from "resolute."  Then again, according to Europeans, Iran and North Korea weren't "the largest threat to world peace" in 2003, either. Fifty-nine percent of Europeans said that Israel is a larger threat to world peace than North Korea, Iran or Afghanistan, according to a European Commission survey of approximately 7,500 Europeans, released in November (after the EU tried to suppress the embarrassing results). Given a list of 15 countries, including Iran and North Korea, Israel was listed as the greatest threat to world peace. El Pais reported that.  As Tony Blair put it, after the Lord Hutton report which (again) resolved him of lying:   The truth is, as was abundantly plain in the motion before the House of Commons on 18 March, we went to war to enforce compliance with UN Resolutions. Had we believed Iraq was an imminent direct threat to Britain, we would have taken action in September 2002; we would not have gone to the UN. Instead, we spent October and November in the UN negotiating UN Resolution 1441. We then spent almost 4 months trying to implement it.  Actually, it is now apparent from the Survey Group that Iraq was indeed in breach of UN Resolution 1441. It did not disclose laboratories and facilities it should have; nor the teams of scientists kept together to retain their WMD including nuclear expertise; nor its continuing research relevant to chemical weapons and biological weapons. As Dr Kay, the former head of the ISG who is now quoted as a critic of the war has said: 'Iraq was in clear violation of the terms of Resolution 1441.' And 'I actually think this [Iraq] may be one of those cases where it was even more dangerous than we thought.' "   Since the war, report after report, always played by the media as damning or condemning the West's WMD intelligence, has confirmed that Saddam actively sought banned weapons systems, concealed technologies to make them, and would gladly have used them.  Consider this, from the most recent report (Lord Butler's). Iraq:   a. Had the strategic intention of resuming the pursuit of prohibited weapons programmes, including if possible its nuclear weapons programme, when United Nations inspection regimes were relaxed and sanctions were eroded or lifted.  b. In support of that goal, was carrying out illicit research and development, and procurement, activities, to seek to sustain its indigenous capabilities.  c. Was developing ballistic missiles with a range longer than permitted under relevant United Nations Security Council resolutions; but did not have significant -- if any -- stocks of chemical or biological weapons in a state fit for deployment, or developed plans for using them. (Paragraph 474).   As Butler, Kay, and many others who investigated the matter after the war concluded, the only reason Saddam didn't have massive stockpiles of WMD was that the U.N. sanctions and the international effort had kept him from getting the materials, or from running the factories, to make them. We now know the sanctions succeeded in keeping weapons out of Saddam's hands, but they were a cruel disaster for the Iraqi people.  And this containment system was breaking down. If you remember, before the U.S. was hated for going to war in Iraq, it was hated for the sanctions, which despite the U.N. imprimatur, were blamed entirely on the U.S. There's a bumper on a truck in my neighborhood that has a "no blood for oil" sticker on it now, atop what was a "visualize Iraqi children" sticker that was there before 2003. France, among others, had begun to cheat on the sanctions.  What is often forgotten, too, is that the anti-war voices before March 2003 also thought Saddam had WMD. They knew he was a murderous tyrant, they believed he had lethal city-destroying weapons stashed away, and they STILL opposed the war to overthrow him. They wanted to end the sanctions, and replace them with nothing.  For instance, the German magazine  Spiegel,  which has been relentless in its coverage of the Bush "lies" about WMD, apparently changed its thinking since it wrote:   “In the meantime it is a certainty: The greater part of the technology for Saddam’s  horror potential  comes from Germany. ... Whether it was Saddam’s project to build an atomic bomb or his  enormous arsenal of chemical weapons  – German technology was always there. ... By the Iraqi poison gas production, deliveries from Germany made up more than 50 percent. In the nuclear field, it was at least as much. The modification of the Soviet Scud-B rockets was almost entirely in German hands: 90 percent of the technology came from the land of inventors and dealers [Germany].” [emphasis added]    Spiegel  thought Saddam was plenty dangerous in that article. They also reported that UN weapon’s inspectors had concluded “Saddam was just another 18 months away, the IAEO estimates, from producing the fissile material for the atom bomb. ... According to Western estimates, Baghdad paid 10 billion dollars in its attempt to become the first Arab nuclear power.”  So: 1. the WMD claim was not the only stated reason for the U.S. and its allies going to war against Saddam; 2. the other reasons given, such as the humanitarian crisis in the country, were amply documented and have proven to be, if anything, worse than feared; 3. the WMD part of the reason for war, though partially based on faulty intelligence, was also partly true, and key players have agreed that Iraq was, in fact, in violation of resolution 1441.  Therefore, I say the war was "legitimate," based on the claims made by the warring parties before their attack.    The main reason claimed to start the war has disappeared now, which makes me think that it was a pretext. And which was the real reason then? A geopolitical vision - the Middle East reengineered from a Western-style democracy (or at least a protectorate) in Irak. Do you think I am wide of the mark on this? It was not even a secret. The Wall Street Journal had editorials saying just this 2 years ago.    No, of course you're not wide of the mark in saying that the U.S. had an interest in lifting the Middle East out of the sewer it had become: a repressive and brutish cesspool of the world that breeds religious freaks and murdering thugs. And the interest in that was dramatically driven home to Americans on Sept. 11, 2001, even though the more thoughtful and generous amongst us had seen that interest long before (I confess, I was not one of them).  I see nothing damnable about that. If our response to 9/11 had simply been to go out and kill as many terrorists as we could find, that would have been an imperfect, lopsided response, deserving of blame. To do that, but also to take one important chunk of this dangerous ground and try to turn it into a model for the rest of the Islamic/Mideast peoples, that seems to be a noble cause befitting a great nation.  That the execution of it has been, in many instances, woeful and flawed is no reflection on the legitimacy of the vision.  And since I disagree with you that the weapons threat from Iraq was a fake, then I also disagree with you that this is an "either-or" choice, that the U.S. simply invented a weapons threat from Saddam to mask its "secret" plan for Iraq (so secret that it was published in the newspapers).  Your false dichotomy ("weapons threat or U.S. geopolitical plotting") of explanations for the war omits the anti-totalitarian justification that was so important to me and many other war supporters, and was much spoken of by Bush and Blair.  I'm confused by your phrase "Western-style" democracy. What is that? I wasn't aware democracy had different regional flavors.  Do you think bringing democracy and freedom to Iraq is a bad thing? Is democracy only for "Western" nations? Are Arabs somehow incapable of it?  This gift to Iraq needn't be seen as altruistic. As with the overthrow of Saddam (which could have been accomplished without any commitment to democracy), the noble motives and the American self-interest merge nicely. Peggy Noonan laid out the national-interest case for democratic Iraq this week in the  Wall Street Journal :   I do not feel America is right to attempt to help spread democracy in the world because it is our way and therefore the right way. Nor do I think America should attempt to encourage it because we are Western and feel everyone should be Western. Not everyone should be Western, and not everything we do as a culture, a people or an international force is right.   Rather, we have a national-security obligation to foster democracy in the world because democracy tends to be the most peaceful form of government. Democracies tend to be slower than dictatorships to take up arms, to cross borders and attempt to subdue neighbors, to fight wars. They are on balance less likely to wreak violence upon the world because democracies are composed of voters many of whom are parents, especially mothers, who do not wish to see their sons go to war. Democracy is not only idealistic, it is practical.   What's sad is that, for many people in the world, when it's a choice between the U.S. and anybody else, they'll take anybody else. If it's a choice between the U.S. and Saddam, the world comes down on the side of the genocidal sadist. In the Afghan war, if it's a choice between the U.S. and the women-enslaving, statue-smashing, gay-executing Taliban, the world pours into the streets of its respective capitals to side with the Taliban and denounce the Americans.  I must correct you on another point. You write, "Apparently because no evidence [of WMD] has appeared." That's wrong. They have been found. Sarin shells, and worse things have turned up in Iraq. Banned missiles sat in hiding spots there. What the inspectors haven't found (yet) is a big pile of weapons labelled "Saddam's banned WMD."  The intelligence that the U.S. used was flawed. Intelligence is an imperfect business. We found some banned things we never thought Saddam had. We didn't find some others we thought he did have.  An example of the imperfect nature of intelligence is the Niger uranium claim. Europeans, especially France, have much better intelligence-gathering in West Africa than the U.S. Almost every European intelligence service thought Saddam was trying to buy uranium in Africa. One European intelligence agency had been monitoring a uranium-smuggling operation involving Iraq for three years. The CIA did a terrible job of checking on this; it sent one agent, who had a grudge, who only stayed a week, and who didn't even bother filing a written report. As a result, the only folks who didn't think Saddam was trying to buy African uranium were the CIA. In this case the British and Europeans were right, and the Americans were wrong.  But you can be forgiven for believing that "no WMD" have been found in Iraq, or that "Bush lied" about the African uranium, because that's what all the major media, and the Democratic politicians, have been saying. And nobody corrects them.  Why the administration doesn't make this known is beyond my ability to comprehend. At times it seems possessed by a perverse inability to make its own case. Although I agree with Bush's foreign policy conceptions, I find his execution of them, as of most things he tries to do, massively inept. But, politically, I'd rather support the bumbler who is trying to do the thing I think is right than the smooth operator who has his head in all the wrong places. 
     
    


	 
      I get online intending to blog something, then go look for a bicycle helmet big enough to fit my enormous head. A size XL wasn't enough. But before I get to write the post that's in my mind, I make the mistake of answering e-mails, and by the time that's done there's little time to compose a post. Forget about the helmet. So, in the absence of a post, here's a letter:  > I want to > focus on the topic of  > 9/11 motives and put the other points off to the > side for now.  How convenient.  > The 9/11 motives  > is a topic I have been agonizing over for years, in > fact the terrorists motives  > is a subject I have thought about for over a decade.  Good! It should be something everyone agonizes about and thinks about with all the intelligence he or she can muster. And then gets up and does something about it. I'm just sorry you can't see any further than the statements of the killers, who, by their very actions, prove themselves capable of any level of deceit for the sake of hurting what they hate.  > II can't make you see the facts, all I can do is > present them to you and hope  > you will honestly consider them. I think it is > disingenuous to insist that  > the motives were "arguments of convenience" >  > The 9/11 crime had specific motives. The attack was > in response to US  > policies of supporting Israel AND of supporting > oppressive regimes in the Middle  > East. That is basically what it was about.  > Osama bin > Laden also mentioned the  > sanctions against Iraq.  Which, by the way, now are ended. And the money is flowing into Iraq at a pace that ought to delight him, if he really cares about the Iraqi people. Most of them have clean water and real electrical service now for the first time in their lives. The Shi'ites of Iraq are free to practice their brand of Islam as they perhaps never have been. So is he happy? Is he pleased?  Hmmmm, doesn't seem that he is. Maybe that wasn't his real goal after all.  Oops, and I forgot, Wahhabis hate Shi'ites.  > Of course the troops in > Saudi Arabia that outrages bin  > Laden is part of the US policy of propping up the > Saudi Kingdom.   But the troops are gone now, as I said. Their feet no longer profane the holy soil. Is he happy? Is he pleased? Hmmmm, doesn't seem that he is.  > I hope you make a sincere effort to look at the > motives. There are people  > that are trying to deceive you and perhaps that is > why you are under the  > impression that you "have seen bin Laden and those > like him change their causes, and  > their demands, so many times I realize it's all just > smoke and mirrors." That  > simply is not true.   The people most certainly trying to deceive me are the Islamists. When they're caught, after some terrorist act, when they've got the attention of the world, thanks to some horrific deed they've committed, they bray about "avenging the injustices to Muslims worldwide."  But their literature and internal teachings talk about simply destroying the West, the sheer thrill of the religious duty of killing infidels, and the re-establishment of the caliphate.  What do they mean by "caliphate?" Sometimes they seem to mean "Islamist supremacy and total control in any lands where Muslims once ruled." But sometimes  they make it explicit: the whole world belongs to Islam. It was Allah's intention that the whole world should live under Islam, by conversion if possible, by conquest if not. Have you ever read the Qur'an and the Hadiths? Do you really not believe this?  > You wrote, "Considering that "the lands of Islam" is > defined by Islamists as  > any place where Muslims live". > That simply is not true. As you asked at your > newsroom, can you back that up?  Sigh. Evidently, you don't. You don't even have to delve into the body of written Sharia to find it.  Hizb-ut-Tahrir, the "peaceful" Islamic group that backed the girl who sued for the right to wear Islamic dress to school in England, gave Forum 18 News Service a list of their goals:    1. Restore a worldwide Caliphate, uniting the world under Islamic rule;  2. Ban all faiths apart from Islam,  Judaism and Christianity (members of other religions are not listed as "People of the Book" in the Qur'an);  3. Regulate all religious practice  according to Sharia law;  4. "Give all non-Muslim states a choice  between either joining the Caliphate under Sharia law, or paying a tax to the Caliphate. Failure to pay the tax would be punished by military attack."  A Web site of the Islamic Affairs Department (IAD) of the Saudi embassy in Washington (since removed, after it began to get unwanted attention in the Western blogs), advertised this as well:   "The Muslims are Required to Raise the Banner of Jihad in Order to Make the Word of Allah Supreme in this World. ... The Muslims are required to raise the banner of Jihad in order to make the Word of Allah supreme in this world, to remove all forms of injustice and oppression, and to defend the Muslims."    A London newspaper ran  urlLink  an extensive article   a couple of years ago, in which the reporter spent time with a group of radical Muslim youths in Luton. They all had grown up in good middle-class families, and they all had technical training and decent jobs, until they left them to become radicals. In short, they were the model of the 9-11 hijackers.  The article didn't make judgements. The reporter simply opened up the microphone and let the men talk. The result was enlightening, among other things:   "I made a decision that I wanted to follow what Islam really said," Sayful begins, sitting on his sofa in his thowb (a traditional robe) and bare feet. "I went to listen to all the local imams, but I found their portrayal of Islam was too secularised. When I heard Sheikh Omar [the leader] of al-Muhajiroun speak, it was pure Islam, with no compromise. I found that appealing."  "At the same time," continues Sayful, "wars were happening in Bosnia, Kosovo, Chechnya, Afghanistan. People were being oppressed simply because they were Muslim. Although I had never experienced racism in the UK, it opened the eyes of a lot of Muslims, including mine."   [Note the absence of "Palestine" on that list. And the fact that the West, and especially America, were trying to HELP the Muslims of Bosnia and Kosovo, and were pressuring the Russians about their tactics in Chechnya. At the time, too, the U.S. had no real beef with the Taliban, which I think is shameful on our part, but Sayful doesn't seem to care. Note, too, the false, but typical, identification of "Islam" and "race."]   "But it was the events of 11 September that crystallised Sayful's worldview. "When I watched those planes go into the Twin Towers, I felt elated," he says. "That magnificent action split the world into two camps: you were either with Islam and al Qaeda, or with the enemy. I decided to quit my job and commit myself full-time to al-Muhajiroun."  Now he does not consider himself British. "I am a Muslim living in Britain, and I give my allegiance only to Allah."   According to Sayful, the aim of al-Muhajiroun ("the immigrants") is nothing less than Khilafah - "the worldwide domination of Islam". The way to achieve this, he says, is by Jihad, led by Bin Laden. "I support him 100 per cent."  Does that support extend to violent acts of terrorism in the UK? "Yes," he replies, unequivocally. "When a bomb attack happens here, I won't be against it, even if it kills my own children. Islam is clear: Muslims living in lands that are occupied have the right to attack their invaders."   > Where is the public > debate about what 46% of  > the American people think we should do?  Isn't it up to the American people to have that debate, via their political process, if they care so much about it? People in the anti-war/anti-American camp (they are not the same, but they converge) talk and act as if the American people were schoolchildren who need to be lectured by their media and directed in the paths of truth by their leaders (the leaders you agree with, of course not those other ones). The nation is one big lecture hall, full of innocent, empty minds and Mr. Chomsky is about to step up to the podium and lead you all to enlightenment.  The political process, the media, too, are the property of the people, not in some Leninist sense, but actually. I wrote something about media responsibility recently, in handling photos of war dead, and someone responded, with, essentially, "You're wrong; the newspapers need to run more pictures of gore, to rub people's faces in the facts of the war they supported." This, of course, is the Michael Moore view, too. But it overlooks the fact that a hometown newspaper is not required reading in some college course. People have a choice; they can buy it, or they can leave it alone.  Go on and publish a newspaper that tells people everything you think they need to know but you think they don't want to know. See how long you last before you can't pay your truck drivers and your pressmen. Then ask them if they'll work for free, in exchange for knowing they're spreading the message that the terorists want us to get.  I swear, people on the left spent way too much time in college classrooms. They actually seem to like being lectured to, and expect everyone else to share the fetish. And the older ones spent too much time worshipping at the shrine of the old Soviet communist system, with its lifelong "education" in party doctrine.  > I think you shoudl be aware > that neither Chomsky nor I  > are saying that there is a "conspiracy". What is > happenieng is there is a  > general trend of presenting facts and not presenting > facts.  In other words, the Chomskyite world view is built as a pyramid of certain facts, presented in a certain arrangement, with proper emphasis and ordering, that leads to a certain inevitable conclusion.  And the newspapers of America aren't building that structure. They're building another one. It's based on some combination and compromise between what the general type of person who runs a newsroom feels, and what the general type of person who reads a newspaper is willing to pay 50 cents a day to read.  That's a free-market information system. It's sloppy, imperfect, inexact, and sometimes it makes me boil with anger, but I can't think of any other one I'd want to live with, frankly. Nothing's repressed: there have been alternative and "underground" newspapers for as long as there have been newspapers. Don't like CNN? Get a dish and watch al-Jazeera all day. Don't want a dish? We have the Internet now. You can find any point of view there you want to find, and find it a hundred times over.  There are message boards and newsgroups and any blog worth its salt has a "comments" section. Repression of debate? There's more public debate going on in this country than there has been since the 1850s.  It may be that you don't like the fact that your side's view isn't gaining any traction with the majority. But that would be a different problem.  Personally, I think most Americans would be more than willing to talk about things like economic opportunities for Palestinians, once Palestinians talk more seriously about stopping their bus-bombing campaign. And I think most Americans are willing to help the Middle East achieve a decent standard of living, once most of the Middle East stops celebrating suicide attacks that kill Americans.   > You don't see that, in general, the media has not > served the public good? you  > didn't notive that on 9/11 and the days after nearly > the entire media refused  > to even speak of motive?  I saw the question "why do they hate us?" addressed continually, and I saw a great many references to Israel and the Palestinians.  > The author of the book > "Bais" was pleased with how  > the media behaved on 9/11. (that proves my point I > think)  How that can prove anything is beyond me.  >  Ever notice when  > other crimes occur the media OFTEN refers to motive? > "cops still looking for a  > motive", etc?   Here is one recent   example, look > how the media is reporting  > the Kansas plant shootings: >  > Sixth person dies after shooting at Kansas plant  > KANSAS CITY, Kan. (AP) -- A sixth person shot in a > rampage at a meatpacking  > plant died Saturday, and investigators said they > still have not determined the  > gunman's motive.  Yeah, and you know what the "motive" in such cases usually turns out to be? The killer is a racist, or a nut-job, or both.    "KANSAS CITY, KAN. -- Elijah Brown's co-workers always had a hard time making sense of him. He paced; he talked to himself; he got bothered over teasing that wouldn't faze other people.  ... Police did not offer a motive for the 10-minute rampage Friday but said there appeared to be nothing random about the killings at the Kansas City, Kan., ConAgra Foods Inc. plant. They said he passed by some co-workers, telling them, "You haven't done anything to me, so you can go."  "This person acted with purpose; he knew exactly what he was doing," said Police Chief Ron Miller."   And I'll wager it's the same with mass-killers of any stripe, whether they mask their inhumanity with religion or politics or some mix of ther two. Of course, some religions, and some political views, really do encourage this sort of behavior. Maybe that's why it seems to come more often from certain places.  I'm curious: given your strong, stated views of American slavery, and the justness of resistance to it, what do you think about Islam being the only major religion that still sanctions slavery, and the only one that practices it on a large scale? What ought to be the role of the U.S. government with regard to the Darfur atrocities?
     
    


	 
      The indispensible Omar at  urlLink  Iraq the Model   has translated more reactions from average Iraqis, this time on the Lord Butler report, from the BBC Arabic forum:   " If the British and American Intelligence have made a mistake and this mistake lead to the decision of the war on Saddam and liberation of Iraq from the hands of what was probably the worst tyranny ever, then what a wonderful mistake! The truth is, Blair was brave in his decision and defied all difficulties in this decision. How can anyone imagine that this was wrong? They gave us back our lost freedom and dignity."  Fakhelddine Sharif-Iraq.   "The report of Lord Butler reflects the respect for the laws in a country that has no written constitution. From my point ov view I think that the report is incomplete because it didn’t mention a (thank you) to Mr. Blair and Mr. Bush for doing this honorable job which is toppling the pervert dictator and crushing the iron security grip for the worst tyrant in the world. The soldiers who died in Iraq gave their lives as tributes for freedom. Thanks to all the soldiers who risked and lost their lives for the sake of others’ freedom."  Mohammed Abdul Jabbar-Baghdad.    Omar's view:   The debate about Lord Butler’s report has taken a large space in both, the western and Arabic media. As most of you probably know, Iraqis care more about the results of operation Iraqi freedom rather the causes and whether these were legitimate or not.     Because Iraqis have a lot to deal with regarding their daily life needs and the fact that we’re not a major player in international politics, it becomes understandable that they pay less attention than the rest of the world to the legal complexities of the war and most of them see this war legitimate simply because it lead to their solvation and freedom.   You cannot tell a man that saving him and his family from torture, humiliation and death was a mistake and it should’ve not been done because it’s illegal. This is almost an insult to Iraqis to hear someone saying that this war was illegal. It means that our suffering for decades meant nothing and that formalities and the stupid rules of the UN (that rarely function) are more important than the lives of 25 million people.     urlLink  Go read more ...  
     
    


	 
      This was passed along to me. It's an exchange between the editor of a local newspaper and a family of his readers. The family's military connections include a Pfc. in the 58th combat engineer company, out of Fort Irwin, Calif., currently at Camp victory in Baghdad.  I think this exchange illustrates, better than I could describe it, the new rift between a great many average Americans and their media. This is especially true of the millions of Americans with a loved one in the military.  It begins with a photo of four dead Marines, unidentified. Not a picture of flag-draped caskets -- the subject of an earlier flap involving the Pentagon and the press. That sort of photo can be presented with respect and dignity. We're talking about a dead-men-sprawled-in-bloody-uniforms picture.  The job of a free press is to inform citizens and to tell as much of the truth as it can through authentic reporting, while minimizing the harm caused by truth-baring. It's a tight-rope act some days, and graphic photos present that challenge in its starkest form. Just because you're the media, doesn't mean you print everything. Hometown newspapers have standards. You don't print names of child rape victims. You deprive your public of that much of the truth for a greater good.   Sometimes as a journalist you have to confront your readers with things they'd rather not know or see. But that doesn't mean you have to rub their faces cruelly in everything that comes across your desk. People die in wars, yes. You write about it. When they die, you publish the picture they posed for before shipping out. But to put pictures of dead smashed bodies in a paper that goes into tens of thousands of homes every morning is not something you just do as a matter of course. People die of cancer, too. It doesn't mean you put pictures of festering sores in a family newspaper.  In every paper I've ever worked for, to print a picture of dead bodies was anathema, only to be done in the most dire cases, when nothing else can tell the story, and only after much soul-searching.  Almost all newspapers have a policy governing morbid pictures. Many such policies prohibit the photos outright. The Texarkana (Texas) Gazette, to pick a random example, has a policy outlined in a 1989 editors' memo: "There may be some exceptions to this, if there is compelling news value. But as the norm, we will cease to show bodies under sheets, or in bags, or on stretchers, or in any other state of demise. I can't rationalize to myself how body photographs add anything to the value of our newspaper. Instead, I think many of our readers would find them offensive. ... The guiding philosophy behind the policy is one of compassion for the victim's friends and family and an empathy for the sensibilities of our readers."  At the four newspapers I've worked for, I can't remember one case where a picture of a dead body ran. I'm not saying it never  should  happen. But you make the decision very deliberately, especially when there is a possibility that someone reading the paper might be a family member of one of the dead -- who might thereby learn of the loss of a loved one when unfolding the local paper at breakfast and seeing a graphic photo of it.  Anyway, this is the letter that started it:   Wednesday, June 30, 2004 Letters to the Editor   Before publishing pictures of dead soldiers, put yourself in their shoes   On June 22 I distinctly saw a picture that greatly disappointed me. It seems that the Desert Dispatch has reached a new low by publishing a picture of four dead marines. That picture was something that shouldn't have been printed.   In this town I believe you owe a very big apology to the families of and members who are serving in the military.   The paper showed absolutly no respect or decency for the dead or the ones in uniform who keep us safe and protect us throughout our everyday lives.  I myself was very upset and offended by what I saw. I have my brother who is currently serving in the Air Force and my boyfriend who is in the army and currently over in Iraq, along with other family members who did serve their country.   You seriously need to look up the word "ethics" in the dictionary. I think you will find it helpful the next time you even attempt to publish something like that.   Also in conclusion, "food for thought," always look at both sides of the story. Then try putting yourself in the soldier's shoes.   Have you ever been shot at? Have you ever been so close to the gunfire that you can smell the gunpowder? Have you ever been literally scared out of your wits, but you react to your training?  Those are the shoes of a combat soldier. Think about it!   God bless America, and God bless our troops.   Lisa Martin, Barstow    Her father wrote a letter, too, published the following day:    Thursday, July 1, 2004 Letters to the Editor   Dispatch owes military families an apology for photo of dead Marines   On June 22 your paper published a photo and accompanying headline titled "4 Marines killed in Ambush." I have a question to ask: Wasn't the headline enough?   The reason I ask is the photo was an Associated Press photo. The good old Associated Press at its finest so they think. The photo contained pictures of dead marines.   Now I have another question: We live in Barstow, home to two military installations. Why in God's name was that picture published? Just because the Associated Press thinks it's OK to publish such things, that makes it OK for Barstow?   I think not, because in my humble opinion it violated human decency and respect for the dead, and to say nothing of the feelings of the families of those troops depicted.   Doesn't the Dispatch understand they were somebody's son, husband, father or brother?   Tell me something, do journalists (newspapers) have a code of ethics, standards that they live by daily? Are they like, respect the bounds of human decency, tell the truth, be unbiased and tell both sides of the story? If so June 22 was a failure in the decency and respect department.  I can only speak for myself, but I am personally revolted by what I saw. I have a son in the Air Force and a future son-in-law in Kuwait, so my tie to the military is strong.   They (the troops) are our sons and daughters, and yes I said ours! They stand a post every night all over the world and say it's OK to close your eyes tonight; it's safe.  And by God they will receive the respect they are owed, and have earned for protecting our freedom. It's been paid for with their blood and the blood of those who came before them.   I am reminded of 1945 and General Patton who described the press and its reporting in this fashion "as being the last remnants" of the great American press.   It's funny how something said so long ago still holds true today. The Desert Dispatch fell to a new low today and it's sad. The newspaper's former editor would never have published such a photo. The Desert Dispatch and you sir, owe the military people in Barstow and the Moms and Dads with kids in the military serving an apology.   God bless our troops. Roger Martin, Barstow     Now, part of the ethics of being a newspaper editor is, you take your lumps when you've earned them -- and sooner or later you will earn them.  But the editor of the Desert Dispatch felt compelled to rally to his own defense in the form of a published editorial. As a former editorial page editor, I can tell you, this is bad form. The editor has the entire rest of the paper to manipulate the news to express his world-view, his prejudices, if he chooses to play that game. One page -- usually about a third of a page, actually -- he sets aside every day for his readers.  That's their space, to make their points, and express their views, which likely are different from his. There's something sacred about the inviolability of that, if there is anything sacred in a newspaper. Short of actual lies and libels, you let the people have their soapbox.  Yet this editor insists on pre-empting and trumping his reader, by printing a piece as long as the letter itself, in lugubrious purple prose, justifying what the reader finds as a fault.    Thursday, July 1, 2004 OUR OPINION:  Consider everything about the Iraqi war   To truly understand the wages of war, one must step foot on the battlefield. Words and pictures only cannot convey the sound of gunfire ringing off a nearby building or the shock and horror of seeing fellow soldiers go down.  The only way, in fact, to even come close to bringing the true wages of war home to American residents, even those with friends and loved ones in Iraq, is to tell the honest story.  That means sharing the good and the bad, the uplifting and the gory, the victories and the defeats.  Recently the news media has come under fire for how it has covered the Iraqi conflict, but the criticism has come from both sides.  Liberals like Michael Moore claim the media hasn't done enough. News organizations, he states in his movie "Fahrenheit 9/11" have willingly shelved the most graphic footage in order to support President Bush's dubious rationale for starting the conflict.  Others, including Desert Dispatch readers, argue the media has gone too far. This newspaper has received a number of letters, including the one you see below, complaining that showing American soldiers at their darkest hours demeans their sacrifices.  I wish I had a way to answer the critics on both sides, but I too find myself torn. I would not have published some of the photographs and stories other larger papers have, including the images of dead American contractors who insurgents hung from a bridge in Fallujah, but I also don't want to sugarcoat what is going on either.  No matter how much we support the president or our troops in Iraq, we need to realize that they are dying and often death does not come gently.  Graphic images can wake us from our apathy and encourage us to analyze the price our soldiers have paid.  In retrospect, I can understand why some thought the image of four dead marines we published was in bad taste, but I am heartened by the debate it has stirred.  To truly ensure that American soldiers have not died in vain, we must know the whole story.  Hans K. Meyer    Whew. "Both sides are complaining about us, so we must be right" is an old canard in the news business. Sometimes it's true, but often it's not. Especially it's not true when, as here, the one side consists of "your readers" and the other consists of "Michael Moore."  The one side starts out as "liberals such as Moore," but no other names ever appear, and frankly it's hard to think of any mainstream liberals calling for more American gore in the papers. (Moore doesn't just want more pictures: he has said he wants more of the real thing, to punish us for supporting Bush.)  Indeed, you can find a lot of "liberal" media that probably wouldn't run the picture the Dispatch ran. Lester Crystal, executive producer of “The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer,” explained his policy thus: “For taste purposes, you don’t show people in agony on the air. You don’t show a lot of dead bodies.” And after the Atocha station terror-bombings in Madrid, the ultra-liberal Guardian in Britain ran a gripping front-page photo of people helping the wounded and dazed by the tracks -- with a severed human leg in the foreground of the original photo manipulated out.  Frankly, I didn't realize Moore had such heft with the editorial policies of the Desert Dispatch, when weighed against the impact of the people who actually plunk down their 50 cents for it, and shop in the groceries that advertise in it, and phone in with news tips from their neighborhoods.  The editor's invocation of Moore and only Moore is enough, as if more were needed, to collapse this defense. Evidently the editor couldn't find a legitimate media maven to back him up, so he settled for a manipulative partisan clown act.  He justifies the dead Marines photo by claiming that it is a necessary "balance" to the "good" and "uplifting" news. But if he's filling his wire news hole with the AP (and there isn't much alternative) he's missing anything that might read like "good news." There would be no word on the ongoing rebuiding of Iraq's infrastructure; the myriad ways its people are learning to breathe freely with their dictator gone; the thousands of humanitarian acts done by coalition people, military and civilian; and the utter heroism of so many men and women who are putting down the insurgency without devastating the country.  I bet he didn't have any stories about that in the Desert Dispatch. But I bet he ran a lot of Abu Ghraib pictures.   He tells his readers he would publish the pictures of dead American soldiers -- to show them "the whole story" and expose "President Bush's dubious rationale for starting the conflict." Yet he won't show them the truth about the fanatical and brutal murders of innocent Americans at the hands of Islamist terrorists and mobs, which just might inspire Americans to re-recognize the savages of 9/11 and dig in our heels for a harder fight.  Evidently this newspaper's policy on dicey photos is, "we run the ones Michael wants our readers to see." Heaven knows we can't show them anything that reveals the brutality of our enemies! Only the folly of our leaders.  Mr. Meyer's regular editorials must be a trip, by the way. This one reads like a drunken Memorial Day speech at the Elks Lodge. "Wages of war" twice in two paragraphs; and the opening statements utterly contradict one another: "words and pictures cannot convey what we convey to you with words and pictures."  "Old media" (newspapers, TV networks) have been dying for decades. This war, I think, will hasten their end. They no longer speak the same language as their readers. They no longer live in the same world.  But Mr. Martin is not done.  urlLink  Read the rest.     Roger's e-mail, by the way, is MARTRLON@aol.com  
     
    


	 
       VIVID MEMORIES HAUNT TORTURED IRAQI REFUGEES   By Bruce Finley The Denver Post  DENVER — While America tries to sow freedom in Iraq, Iraqi torture survivors Kareem and Laila Qabani are just trying to live.  They reached a turning point last week after four years in metro Denver. Laila, 49, was putting up "sale" signs at the Sears where she works. A new manager accused her of missing a sign. When Laila said the manager was wrong, the manager accused her of lying.  Laila snapped: "You know what? I lost four months of my life because I say the truth." Then, sobbing in the arms of another supervisor, she blurted out details of her captivity under Saddam Hussein that left her and her husband, Kareem, almost broken.  "Everything, even in my body, reminds me," she said later at their suburban Denver apartment, referring to a cigarette burn on her hand, a scar from a skewer on her forearm, numb fingertips where captors attached electrodes. Wincing, she told of a gang rape in the Olympic compound run by Saddam's son Uday — punishment, Laila said, because she had refused to collaborate with Uday in a business venture.  "They told me, "We are going to teach you how to say yes all the time — not to say no,' " she said.  Kareem, 58, began talking about his torture, too, encouraged by a psychiatrist who sees it as a step to recovery. A former journalist, Kareem was detained, once for three years, including long stints alone in a small, dark room. Then Laila's captors forced him to watch a video of the gang rape. Those images "took my power," he said.  "Now I feel tired," he said. "I worry all the time."  The Qabanis signed contracts consenting to be killed if they spoke to anybody about their treatment in prison. They were among thousands tortured under Saddam, the dictator deposed by the U.S.-led invasion of Iraq.  The State Department lists rape, extended solitary confinement in the dark, electric shocks, branding, burning with hot irons and blowtorches, amputation without anesthesia, dripping of acid on skin and more as torture tactics used under Saddam.  This week, U.S. officials couldn't say how many torture survivors have been accepted as refugees since the fall of Saddam's regime in April 2003. A State Department staffer said a history of torture might help an Iraqi get in.  The Qabanis escaped by bribing Iraqi officials to obtain passports and fleeing across the desert to Jordan in 1998, first Kareem with their son and daughter, then Laila three months later, disguised as an old woman seeking a doctor. Finally in Syria, U.S. officials accepted them as refugees and sent them to Colorado, where resettlement workers would assist them in March 2000.  Now they fly U.S. flags outside their front and back doors.  Haunted by the past, neither sleeps easily. They're also bothered by the furor over U.S. mistreatment of war detainees. Americans need to grasp that U.S. abuses at Abu Ghraib prison are "a small fire," Kareem said, compared with abuses under Saddam. Thousands of children born to women raped in prison are evidence of what happened before, he said.  "Where was the American media when I was in prison and when that happened to my wife?" he asked.  Laila said she'll never go back to Iraq. Kareem said maybe he'd work in Iraq temporarily if asked by the U.S. government.  Most of the 150 or so Iraqi families in the Denver area know somebody who disappeared in captivity, said Ibrahim Kazerooni, imam at a Shiite mosque. An unknown number are torture survivors. Some keep it a secret.  For the Qabanis, trying to live meant muffling inner wails while juggling multiple jobs. The Qabanis' 20-year-old son works at Target; their 29-year-old daughter, who has a 3-year-old son, works at Wal-Mart. Kareem manages 12 hours a week on night shifts at Target. Laila works full time at Sears. None earns more than $10 an hour. They combine their earnings to pay their $1,100-a-month rent at an apartment complex.  In the 1970s, the Qabanis had office jobs in oil-rich Iraq. They had university degrees. Their families had money — his father owned a trading company, hers a rug and fabric factory. He pursued journalism, publishing articles in newspapers, and ran a video shop.  "I wanted to speak out loudly about people, about suffering I saw," Kareem said. "To show the truth. But it's impossible to show the truth in Iraq."  Laila ran Radio Baghdad, a state-owned radio station. She preferred to focus on the arts, knowing that news meant reading propaganda handed down from government officials.  Then in the early 1990s, Uday Hussein decided to start a radio station. He asked Laila to serve as a managing director. She refused, out of fear.  Soon, she said, Uday's manager telephoned, saying, " 'You should go to the Olympic building; they want you to go there.' "  Her boss told her to comply, and she did, worrying that otherwise she would be taken from her home in front of her children. At the Olympic compound, a guard told her she was under arrest.  She can name the "ugly men" who abused her in an empty room. Her captors later moved her to prisons. Every other day, she said, they administered electric shocks "until I pass out. ... At that time I was wishing to die."  She wanted to live "just when I think about my kids. I hoped to stay alive to see them." She lost more than 50 pounds, and four months later was taken to a police station for release.  She cries recalling the day when Kareem arrived. "He was looking at the faces, and he couldn't recognize me," she said. "I call him: 'Kareem!' "  She was "like a ghost, broken, her wings were broken," he said. "After I saw her, I was mentally broken."  Laila couldn't sleep for more than 15 minutes, couldn't stand to be alone. "I felt I was dying every day," she said.  America offered breathing room.  "I am far away from those ugly people," she said.  She's halfway to making "a normal life," she said.  Kareem said he struggles with "the idea of somebody controlling me" at work, though he likes the people at Target. And "when I go outside, I worry about every single thing."  He prefers to just sit in a darkened basement — smoking, dozing, writing a little, sometimes playing guitar.  "I like to be there as long as I can," he said, "just to not face other people." 
     
    


	 
       By GEOFFREY NUNBERG New York Times   "The long-term defeat of terror will happen when freedom takes hold in the broader Middle East," President Bush said on June 28, as he announced the early transfer of sovereignty to the Iraqis.  The "defeat of terror" — the wording suggests that much has changed since Sept. 11, 2001. In his speech on that day, Bush said, "We stand together to win the war against terrorism," and over the following year the White House described the enemy as terrorism twice as often as terror. But in White House speeches over the past year, those proportions have been reversed. And the shift from "terrorism" to "terror" has been equally dramatic in major newspapers, according to a search of several databases.  Broad linguistic shifts like those usually owe less to conscious decisions by editors or speechwriters than to often unnoticed changes in the way people perceive their world. Terrorism may itself be a vague term, as critics have argued. But terror is still more amorphous and elastic, and alters the understanding not just of the enemy but of the war against it.  True, phrases like "terror plots" or "terror threat level" can make terror seem merely a headline writer's shortening of the word terrorism. But even there, "terror" draws on a more complex set of meanings. It evokes both the actions of terrorists and the fear they are trying to engender.  "Do we cower in the face of terror?" Bush asked on Irish television a few days before the handover in Iraq, with terror doing double work.  And unlike "terrorism," "terror" can be applied to states as well as to insurgent groups, as in the president's frequent references to Saddam Hussein's "terror regime." Even if Saddam cannot actually be linked to the attacks of Sept. 11, "terror" seems to connect them etymologically.  The modern senses of "terror" and "terrorism" reach back to a single historical moment: "la Terreur," Robespierre's Reign of Terror in 1793 and 1794.  "Terror," Robespierre said, "is nothing other than justice, prompt, severe, inflexible; it is therefore an emanation of virtue."  It was the ruthless severity of that emanation that moved Edmund Burke to decry "those hell-hounds called terrorists," in one of the first recorded uses of "terrorist" in English.  For Robespierre and his contemporaries, "terror" conveyed the exalted emotion people may feel when face to face with the absolute. That was what led Albert Camus to describe terror as the urge that draws people to the violent certainties of totalitarianism, where rebellion hardens into ideology.  With time, though, the word's aura of sublimity faded. By 1880, "holy terror" was only a jocular name for an obstreperous child and "terrible" no longer suggested the sense of awe it had in "terrible swift sword." By the Jazz Age, "terrific" was just a wan superlative. Terror was still a name for intense fear, but it no longer connoted a social force.  "Terrorism," too, has drifted since its origin. By modern times, the word could refer only to the use of violence against a government, not on its behalf — though some still claimed the "terrorist" designation proudly, like the Russian revolutionaries who assassinated Czar Alexander II in 1881 and the Zionist Stern Gang (later the Lehi), which, in the 1940s used assassination and other violent means in hopes of driving the British occupiers out of Palestine.  It wasn't until the beginning of the post-colonial period that all groups rejected the terrorist label in favor of names like freedom fighters or mujahadeen. By then, "terrorism" was no longer a genuine -ism, but the name for a reprehensible strategy, often extended as a term of abuse for anyone whose methods seemed ruthless.  But the recent uses of "terror" seem to draw its disparate, superseded senses back together in a way that Burke might have found familiar. Today, it is again a name that encompasses both the dark forces that threaten "civilization" and the fears they arouse.  The new senses of the noun are signaled in another linguistic shift in the press and in White House speeches. Just as "terrorism" has been replaced by "terror," so "war" is much more likely now to be followed by "on" rather than "against."  That "war on" pattern dates from the turn of the 20th century, when people adapted epidemiological metaphors like "the war on typhus" to describe campaigns against social evils like alcohol, crime and poverty — endemic conditions that could be mitigated but not eradicated. Society may declare a war on drugs or drunken driving, but no one expects total victory.  "The war on terror," too, suggests a campaign aimed not at human adversaries but at a pervasive social plague. At its most abstract, terror comes to seem as persistent and inexplicable as evil itself, without raising any inconvenient theological qualms. And in fact, the White House's use of "evil" has declined by 80 percent over the same period that its use of "terror" has been increasing.  Like wars on ignorance and crime, a "war on terror" suggests an enduring state of struggle — a "never ending fight against terror and its relentless onslaughts," as Camus put it in "The Plague," his 1947 allegory on the rise and fall of fascism. It is as if the language is girding itself for the long haul.   Geoffrey Nunberg, a Stanford linguist, is heard on NPR's "'Fresh Air" and is author of "Going Nucular" (PublicAffairs, 2004).  
     
    


	 
       Disturbing on so many levels I don't know where to start with it. Just read and think.    Iraq City Becomes Symbol of Resistance   Friday July 16   By SARAH EL DEEB Associated Press Writer   CAIRO, Egypt - Through Web sites, headlines and graffiti, the Arab world is celebrating the people of Fallujah as victors over a superpower.   This embrace of the Iraqi city has raised fears that it will become a magnet for recruits to al-Qaida's anti-Western campaign. But many Arabs say Fallujah stands out more as a boost to their self-esteem after witnessing the Iraqi army barely put up a fight against the U.S. invasion last year.   U.S. Marines besieged the city west of Baghdad in April after four Americans were ambushed and killed there. Ten Marines and hundreds of Iraqis, many of them civilians, died before the Marines pulled out and handed security over to an Iraqi volunteer force.   The three-week siege is inspiring "a literature of resistance and war," said Egyptian novelist Gamal el-Ghitani. "Fallujah is a symbol, in one of the worst eras we have witnessed, that it is not impossible to stand up to America."   He said it also sends a message to Arab dictators about the lesson people may draw about resisting oppression.   "I used to laugh, despite the ghastly daily news, about how a bunch of poor, helpless Iraqis with primitive weapons are forcing the greatest superpower in the world to negotiate. Honestly, the American army was ridiculed," he said.   El-Ghitani, like many Arabs, hadn't even heard of Fallujah until then. Now it is being likened to Beirut under Israeli siege in 1982, to the resistance in Egyptian cities on the Suez Canal against the Anglo-French-Israeli invasion of 1956, and even Napoleon's 1799 siege of Acre.   Ibrahim el-Firjani, a Libyan university professor, said Fallujah has "shown America the real Arabs, not those lining up to surrender."   In Lebanon, the restive Palestinian refugee camp of Ein el-Hilweh renamed a major street Fallujah.   Hamoud al-Heimi, a high school student in San'a, the Yemeni capital, said his neighborhood soccer team now calls itself Fallujah. In the society pages of a Yemeni paper, doctors congratulated a colleague on the birth of his daughter, Fallujah (The name means "the land readied for planting").   Al-Suweidi, a district of the Saudi capital Riyadh known to harbor militant dissidents, has been nicknamed Fallujah. The al-Qaida-linked Saudi group that beheaded American hostage Paul Johnson called itself the "Fallujah brigade."   "Volcano of Fallujah," a video posted on the Internet and apparently produced by one of the many anti-U.S. groups fighting in Fallujah, included segments on "burning an infidels' Hummer," and "killing and dragging of (Israeli) Mossad and CIA agents." It signed off with an appeal for money and fighters.   In a diary of the siege signed by Abu Anas al-Shami, identified as an adviser to the militant Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, Internet surfers read of Egyptians, Saudis, Syrians, Jordanians, Yemenis and Libyans coming to Iraq to fight Americans.   "God wanted, in his wisdom, to render Fallujah a haven for the heroes and holy warriors of Iraq, and a favorite in the hearts of the itinerant holy warriors from different parts of the world," al-Shami wrote.   Evan Kohlmann, a Washington-based consultant on terrorism and security affairs, said men like al-Shami want to turn Iraq into the next Afghanistan — a rallying point for a full-scale attack on the West.   Saudi columnist Daoud al-Shirian said Fallujah draws disgruntled young Arabs because it is in their midst, not in distant Afghanistan or Chechnya.   Though foreigners are playing a role in Iraq, most of the anti-U.S. fighters are believed to be Iraqis motivated by nationalism, not extremist Islam. Many Arabs who draw pride from Fallujah aren't interested in going to Iraq because they have their own battles to fight, some with guns and bombs, some with words.   Abu Qutadah, an al-Qaida suspect jailed in Britain, published a poem in an Arab newspaper likening Fallujah to a West Bank town invaded by Israel in 2002 to root out suicide bombers.   Fallujah, he wrote, is "the sister of Jenin in fire and light."
     
    


	 
      AP story today:  Whoopi Goldberg latest star punished over anti-Bush remarks    Another one off the entertainment desk, masquerading as news ("By ANTHONY BREZNICAN, AP Entertainment Writer"). LOS ANGELES (AP) — Some may think Whoopi Goldberg's crack about President Bush was no big whoop. But in the latest case of celebrity censure over political remarks, Slim-Fast cut Goldberg out like carbs. It goes on to tell the sad tale of how the "diet giant" dropped the poor woman simply because "the company's executives were unhappy with anti-Bush remarks Goldberg made at a recent political rally."   What she said, at a rally that raised $7.5 million for the John Kerry-John Edwards presidential ticket, can't be reprinted in a family newspaper, so the AP doesn't even try.   Breznican also informs us, in a Michael Moore-like example of "guilt by juxtaposition," that "The Slim-Fast Foods Co. is based in West Palm Beach, Fla., where President Bush's brother, Jeb, is governor."   But you have to read past all that before you get to this paragraph: The company's decision to drop Goldberg likely has more to do with consumer complaints than the politics of the executives. Slim-Fast is run by S. Daniel Abraham, who has donated large sums to the Democratic Party.  
     
    


	 
      More Moore in the AP:    Theater owner invites Republicans to anti-Bush movie   LEWISBURG, Pa. (AP) — Theater operator Eric Faden has had a hard time persuading Republicans to see "Fahrenheit 9/11." So he's inviting them to a special showing. What's more, he'll even buy tickets for any card-carrying Republicans who come to see Michael Moore's assault on President Bush's actions regarding the Sept. 11 attacks.   The owner of the nonprofit Campus Theatre, who is doing this, is an assistant professor of film studies at Bucknell University. He says he's sincere, and he sounds sincere.  Faden noticed that only liberals were going to see the movie. When he asked "his conservative friends" (one wonders how many a Bucknell professor has), he found most of them hadn't seen it. In fact, a CNN/USA Today/Gallup poll found 63 percent of Republicans had no plans to see "Fahrenheit 9/11" (compared with 38 percent of independents and 27 percent of Democrats).  They told him that was because they (like me) didn't want to put money in Moore's pockets. But Faden's offer doesn't remove that objection. Apparently, he's going to be footing the bill, so the money goes to Moore no matter if it comes out of my pocket (as a Republican patron) or his. The article is vague on the economics of this, but Faden's quote, "We'll see what happens on Saturday. I think it's going to be one of two things — it's either going to be packed and I'm going to be really poor, or no one's going to show up," suggests that the money's flowing no matter who pays it.  So if I don't want to give money to a man who advocates more killing of Americans in Iraq, and who has business deals with Hizbullah, how is this better?  
     
    


	 
      The headline reads  urlLink  'Fahrenheit 9/11' Brings News to Theaters.   No, it's not a Michael Moore press release. Believe it ir not, this is an Associated Press news story. It's written by the AP's ranking "Television Writer," Frazier Moore.    NEW YORK - Time was, you had to go to the movies to see the news. Then came television, which brought newsreels right into your home.   Now, in this election year a half-century later, people in huge numbers have found that getting  news  about the war in Iraq and the politics behind it makes a trip to the multiplex well worth the bother. [Emphasis added]     Moore is someone who presumably would identify himself as being in the "news" business, albeit in the entertainment branch. He reviews TV shows, but he also covers the business end of entertainment. He writes hard news as well as soft news.   Presumably, his editors also think they are in the "news" business, and presumably they got to be editors because they were thought to have some sort of head on their shoulders. And ditto for the people who send these articles out to the Internet, routed into the "news" bins of various Web services (such as Verizon, where my girlfriend, who has seen "F9/11," saw this and was aghast).   And so the AP thinks 9/11 is "news," comparable to (actually superior to, if I read this right) the evening TV news.   Frazier Moore continues:    Moore, of course, knows how to make a splash. Last year a billion viewers saw him accept his "Bowling for Columbine" best-documentary Academy Award by denouncing the war of a "fictitious president ... Shame on you, Mr. Bush!"   But then he elaborated on that theme with "Fahrenheit 9/11," and the public response has been greater than anyone could have imagined, setting off shock waves even beyond its record-busting $80 million box office. His is a film that is firing up the public, both pro and con - even people who haven't seen it.   And it's done something else. In the way the film frames the presidency of George W. Bush ("Was it all just a dream?" Moore muses over images of Al Gore celebrating his short-lived win) "Fahrenheit 9/11" has managed to upstage mainstream TV journalism.    The parenthetical reference here shows that Frazier Moore has taken MM's bait and swallowed it whole. He fell for the very first deception in the film, in the opening scene from election night 2000. Al Gore rocks out on stage while the band plays and the crowd cheers, under a sign reading “Florida Victory.” Moore lets you think they're celebrating an election they think they won.   They're not. Gore was in Florida, doing last-minute campaigning, early on election day, before the polls had even opened. That's when the rally took place. Then Gore followed long-standing tradition and went home (to Tennessee) to await the results. Frazier Moore might have realized this if he'd managed to check  his own wire services archives  [Reference: “Gore Campaigns Into Election Day,” Associated Press, Nov. 7, 2000].   But of course, he didn't, and of course, that's what MM was counting on him not doing.   The article then takes a merry romp through Moore's history in TV and film, the "investigative" projects he has "masterminded," including the "prankishly muckraking  Awful Truth  on Bravo. We're asked to chuckle at the "effort by Moore to broker peace in Bosnia by getting the ambassadors of Serbia and Croatia to serenade each other with the 'Barney' song." People are dying in concentration camps, but I'm going to get some yuks out of this and enhance my reputation -- way to go, MM.   This is contrasted, in the article, with the scandal-rocked and compromised newtwork news programs. The decade-old rigged "fiery-truck crash" at "Dateline NBC" is invoked. Gods know, the network news is awful enough. But it ignores the fact that "F9/11" is one long series of rigged explosions.   We're told that "Moore could never fit the TV news mold," but that's another point in his favor. "But bulky, bluejeans-clad Moore is a committed outsider with a scruffy look and a liberal agenda. Long ago he staked his claim as a reporter-provocateur well apart from the manicured journalistic mainstream."   So he's an obese slob because that's his  look,  you see. But how does that make him less phony than the manicured talking heads? They have their look. He has his.    All the more surprising, then, that the TV-news establishment, issuing free content around the clock, could be eclipsed by an independent film that costs good money to see, and, until just weeks ago, hadn't even landed a theatrical distributor.   So what does "Fahrenheit 9/11" give its audience that newscasts thus far don't?   For starters: the video footage of recuperating U.S. soldiers, Iraqi casualties, President Bush in that classroom paralyzed for seven minutes after learning of the terrorist attacks. This is video you have likely seen nowhere else, and you emerge from the theater wondering, "Why the heck not?"    U.S. soldiers have been missing overall from the big media coverage, as I and others have complained. But the wounded hardly have been hidden -- the  New York Times  did a big take-out on artificial limbs, for instance. So have real Iraqis been missing from coverage -- and there are far more live ones than dead ones. And the live ones still will tell you they're better off with Saddam gone, no matter the cost. But that's missing from "F9/11," too.  Bush in the classroom? What would you have done? What should he have done? Had he run out of there post-haste, I'm sure MM would have filled that spot in his screed with images of Bush leaving terrified school kids in his wake, while his limo peels out like the General Lee as his handlers hustle him off to some top-secret bunker.   MM also pointedly avoids showing dead Americans in the 9/11 sequence. I've heard that his presentation of that event is tasteful and artistic. But it also layers a level of abstraction into it, unlike the graphic and gory footage he cherry-picks Iraq.   And of course he won't show you the hundreds and thousands of success stories from the Iraq liberation -- the people rebuilding their nation, with or without American help, the exploration of new freedoms. Not only is it missing from "F9/11," it's absent from Frazier Moore's fawning apotheosis of the film into "news."    "Fahrenheit 9/11," which won the top prize at the Cannes Film Festival in May, tackles grand themes with humor, fury and naked partisanship that insists upon a response from the viewer.   And it provides a bracing alternative to the claims for objectivity that reign at TV news outlets (including, naturally, the "fair-and-balanced"-boasting Fox News Channel, whose lack of objectivity is probably its greatest asset). These Big Media news providers have served as Bush administration facilitators ever since his disputed election, declares Moore, a little guy whose message is unmistakably his own.    The slap at Fox News is predictable, for someone who's taken the "F9/11" bait, because Fox News seems to be a main target in that film. Yet a September 2003 academic study, "A Measure of Media Bias," by professors from UCLA, Stanford University, and University of Chicago, used a statistical measure to survey the degree of political leaning in the major media. It found that, "[a]ll of the news outlets except Fox News’ Special Report" leaned well to the left. Fox News’ Special Report, by one of the two measures used in the survey, was "the most centrist" in terms of news coverage (not opinion).   The AP story then goes on to wilder and wilder paeans of MM, "a known quantity, a media force who charts his own path." In fact, he's portrayed as the steady hand at the tiller of a media that has been swallowed up by corporate interests. Gee I guess that explains the NBC News fiasco with the exploding gas tanks. They were serving corporate interests.   As usual, AP puts Web site references at the end of its stories. But in this case there's only one: Moore's Web site.   
     
    


	 
      Pardon the extensiveness of this quote. It's impossible to snip, or encapsulize. And you might have missed it since it was at the tail of a  urlLink  'Bleat' from late last month,   which you might have stopped reading during his deconstruction of David Mamet or the Marx Brothers'  "The Big Store."  But read on and enjoy:   A minor political note, if you’re interested in such things. The other day a young girl came to the door to solicit my support for her presidential candidate. I asked her why I should vote for this man. She was very nice and earnest, but if you got her off the talking points she was utterly unprepared to argue anything, because she didn’t know what she was talking about. She had bullet points, and she believed that any reasonable person would see the importance of these issues and naturally fall in line. But she could not support any of her assertions. Her final selling point: Kerry would roll back the tax cuts.   Then came the Parable of the Stairs, of course. My tiresome, shopworn, oft-told tale, a piece of unsupportable meaningless anecdotal drivel about how I turned my tax cut into a nice staircase that replaced a crumbling eyesore, hired a few people and injected money far and wide - from the guys who demolished the old stairs, the guys who built the new one, the family firm that sold the stone, the other firm that rented the Bobcats, the entrepreneur who fabricated the railings in his garage, and the guy who did the landscaping. Also the company that sold him the plants. And the light fixtures. It’s called economic activity. What’s more, home improvements added to the value of this pile, which mean that my assessment would increase, bumping up my property taxes. To say nothing of the general beautification of the neighborhood. Next year, if my taxes didn’t shoot up, I had another project planned. Raise my taxes, and it won’t happen –- I won’t hire anyone, and they won’t hire anyone, rent anything, buy anything. You see?   “Well, it’s a philosophical difference,” she sniffed. She had pegged me as a form of life last seen clilcking the leash off a dog at Abu Ghraib. “I think the money should have gone straight to those people instead of trickling down.” Those last two words were said with an edge.   “But then I wouldn’t have hired them,” I said. “I wouldn’t have new steps. And they wouldn’t have done anything to get the money.”  “Well, what did  you  do?” she snapped.   “What do you mean?”  “Why should the government have given you the money in the first place?”  “They didn’t give it to me. They just took less of my money.”  That was the last straw. Now she was angry. And the truth came out:  “Well, why is it  your  money? I think it should be  their  money.”  Then she left.    And walked down the stairs.  I let her go without charging a toll. It’s the philanthropist in me.    
     
    


	 
      The Anti-Chomskyite has been  urlLink  delving into George Orwell   and finding echo after echo in the conflict in the World War II generation between liberal-left people who supported a war against a perceived evil and their pacifist peers who saw little differenct between Britain and Nazi Germany.  A poet (at least he's identified as such) by the name of D.S. Savage had written this, as part of a long letter:   Orwell dislikes the French intellectuals licking up Hitler's crumbs, but what's the difference between them and our intellectuals who are licking up Churchill's? ... I can only speak for myself, of course, but surely the "defence of democracy" is best served by defending one's own concrete liberties, not by equating democracy with Britain, and allowing all democracy to be destroyed in order that we may fight better - for "Britain"; and Orwell should not need to be told what, or who, "Britain" now is.   Sound familiar? Anti-Chomskyite thinks so. I agree.  And this, from Orwell's reply, is a gem:   Pacifism is objectively pro-Fascist. This is elementary common sense. If you hamper the war effort of one side you automatically help that of the other. Nor is there any real way of remaining outside such a war as the present one. In practice, "he that is not with me is against me." The idea that you can somehow remain aloof from and superior to the struggle, while living on food which British sailors have to risk their lives to bring you, is a bourgeois illusion bred of money and security. ... In so far as it takes effect at all, pacifist propaganda can only be effective against those countries where a certain amount of freedom of speech is still permitted; in other words it is helpful to totalitarianism.    
     
    


	 
      Lord Frederick Butler's report, or, properly,  urlLink  "Review of Intelligence on Weapons of Mass Destruction,"   is out today.  Here's the key section on the Niger uranium (as previewed below):   45. From our examination of the intelligence and other material on Iraqi attempts to buy uranium from Africa, we have concluded that:  a. It is accepted by all parties that Iraqi officials visited Niger in 1999.  b. The British Government had intelligence from several different sources indicating that this visit was for the purpose of acquiring uranium. Since uranium constitutes almost three-quarters of Niger’s exports, the intelligence was credible.  c. The evidence was not conclusive that Iraq actually purchased, as opposed to having sought, uranium and the British Government did not claim this.  d. The forged documents were not available to the British Government at the time its assessment was made, and so the fact of the forgery does not undermine it. (Paragraph 503)   This addresses the claim Bush made in the '03 State of the Union address, which has been continually derided by the anti-war crowd. And now the basis of that derision has collapsed, along with the reputation of retired ambassador Joseph C. Wilson IV, who had investigated the Niger claims on behalf of the U.S. (shabbily, as it turns out) and all but said Bush lied in the State of the Union address. And there's hardly a word about that in the media I'm reading, which seems to have blown right past this in its bid to get at the bad news.  For instance, this aspect of the story rates a one-paragraph entry about halfway down AP's  Britain-Iraq Intelligence  article today. It also has a one-line mention in the AP sidebar,  Key points in Lord Butler's report on Iraq intelligence.  I'd rate it higher, but at least that's better than AP's rivals did with it.  There is no mention of Niger at all in the current version of the New York Times budget  BRITAIN-IRAQ-NYT  story. There is no mention of Niger in the Reuters version of the story now available online. There is no mention of Niger in the AFP English-language version of the story, available online. It is absent, too, from Knight-Ridder's main story today ( British data on Iraq flawed, not misused, report finds ) and its sidebar ( Main findings of report examining Britain's Iraq intelligence ). It's not in the Cox News Service story, either.  To some extent,  urlLink  as Hitchens points out,   this is the administration's fault. And he, too, notices the curious sudden embrace of the CIA by old-school leftists who have railed against it since the 1950s.   To say this is not to defend the Bush administration, which typically managed to flourish the only allegation made about Niger that had been faked, and which did not have the courage to confront Mr. and Mrs. Wilson in public with their covert political agenda. But it does draw attention to an interesting aspect of this whole debate: the increasing solidarity of the left with the CIA. The agency disliked Ahmad Chalabi and was institutionally committed to the view that the Saddam regime in Iraq was a) secular and b) rationally interested in self-preservation. It repeatedly overlooked important evidence to the contrary, even as it failed entirely to infiltrate jihadist groups or to act upon FBI field reports about their activity within our borders. Bob Woodward has a marvelous encapsulating anecdote in his recent book: George Tenet on Sept. 11 saying that he sure hopes this isn't anything to do with those people acting suspiciously in the flight schools. ... The case for closing the CIA and starting again has been overwhelming for some time. But many liberals lately prefer, for reasons of opportunism, to take CIA evidence at face value.   Other points worth noting in the Butler report:  British intelligence found evidence of contacts, but not cooperation, between Saddam and al-Qaida.   Reporting since [February] suggests that senior Al Qaida associate Abu Musab alZarqawi has established sleeper cells in Baghdad, to be activated during a US occupation of the city. These cells apparently intend to attack US targets using car bombs and other weapons. (It is also possible that they have received CB materials from terrorists in the KAZ.) Al Qaida-associated terrorists continued to arrive in Baghdad in early March [2003].    Also, the report's conclusion that it was unlikely Saddam had sizeable stockpiles of WMD is getting a lot of press today. But Butler also concluded that the Iraq regime:    a. Had the strategic intention of resuming the pursuit of prohibited weapons programmes, including if possible its nuclear weapons programme, when United Nations inspection regimes were relaxed and sanctions were eroded or lifted.  b. In support of that goal, was carrying out illicit research and development, and procurement, activities, to seek to sustain its indigenous capabilities.  c. Was developing ballistic missiles with a range longer than permitted under relevant United Nations Security Council resolutions; but did not have significant -- if any -- stocks of chemical or biological weapons in a state fit for deployment, or developed plans for using them. (Paragraph 474).   As former President Bill Clinton (who is in London promoting his book) said Wednesday on BBC radio, "You can second-guess Blair if you like. But at the time, nearly everybody thought there was probably a stock of chemical and biological weapons there and that it was vulnerable to falling into the wrong hands."  And, in an  obiter dictum,  Lord Butler puts another nail in the "blood for oil" meme:   It has frequently been alleged that the real motivation behind the decision to go to war in Iraq was a desire to control Iraq’s oil supplies. This issue does not fall within our terms of reference and we did not take evidence specifically on it. We did, however, review JIC assessments on the security of oil supplies issued in the period 2000-2003, in which such a motivation did not feature. We also think it improbable that such an objective or motivation, if it existed, would not have been apparent in the large volume and wide range of policy and intelligence papers that we examined. We saw no evidence that a motive of the British Government for initiating military action was securing continuing access to oil supplies. [p.579]   
     
    


	 
      "Bias" isn't quite the right word, but it's the one people recognize. Usually it's a collective worldview that is blind and deaf to some things and hypersensitive to others. But sometimes it does amount to a bias, and in an election year featuring a divisive war, that's the case. Of course, my saying that makes me an object of selective ridicule in my newsroom. What does it mean when one of the top editors of one of the top mainstream news magazines says it?     MR. THOMAS: There's one other base here, the media. Let's talk a little media bias here. The media, I think, wants Kerry to win and I think they're going to portray Kerry and Edwards I'm talking about the establishment media, not Fox. They're going to portray Kerry and Edwards as being young and dynamic and optimistic and there's going to be this glow about them, collective glow, the two of them, that's going to be worth maybe 15 points.     Evan Thomas, the Assistant Managing Editor of Newsweek, on "Inside Washington" over the weekend 
     
    


	 
      In  urlLink  Neo-conservatism and the American future,   Stefan Halper and Jonathan Clarke define what they claim as the core beliefs of neo-conservatives.  According to the site where this article is published ("Open Democracy"), Halper "is a former senior official in the Nixon, Ford and Reagan administrations." And Clarke "is a foreign affairs scholar at the Cato Institute." These CVs suggest that both men come from "old school" conservative perspectives, which means their critique ought to be worth reading. I expect some logic and insight from that side of the political spectrum.  Classical conservatives in the U.S. often accuse neo-cons of being crypto-liberals. I support the Iraq war, but I find myself socially aligned more often with the Democrats, which makes me wonder if I'm a neo-con. So let's see how I stack up against Halper and Clarke. They say,   The three chief tenets of neo-conservative ideology are:    the human condition is a choice between good and evil, and the true measure of political character is to be found in the willingness by the former (themselves) to confront the latter    the fundamental determinant of the relationship between states rests on military power and the willingness to use it    the Middle East and global Islam is the prime theatre for American overseas interests.     Wait a minute, wait a minute. One parenthetical word ("themselves") in the very first tenet converts the whole critique into a flying leap at the straw man.  The authors slip in that word like a poison pill. It damns the neo-cons with self-righteousness without requiring the writers to prove it or even honestly charge it. Certainly such an assumption is not inherent in the view of the human condition that is being stated here. The statement of the tenet describes "good and evil" as the environment in which humans move and choose; but the "themselves" re-defines these terms and identifies one of them with the political persons themselves.  One can vaildly approach life as a moral struggle to parse out the good from the evil -- however you conceive those terms -- without presuming you have any perfect ability to always disentangle the threads properly or completely, and certainly without identifying yourself with "good."  Yes, I think the goal of a political person is to encourage the good in the world and fight the evil. What's the alternative? But I don't think I  am  the good. But maybe I do, because I think that devoting yourself to good is, well, "good." If that's what the authors mean, then they've divided the world into "neo-cons" and "nihilists."  I agree with the second tenet. International relations are still driven by power and force or threat of force. I don't think that is the most desirable situation. But I think it's a realistic reading. International law ultimately still depends on the power of a few nations who are willing to enforce it (in certain cases). A more developed check on naked force is economics. An integrated global economy is the antidote to tribalism.  Number three? The phrase "the prime theatre for American overseas interests" is so fuzzy as to be incomprehensible, at least to me. The Middle Eadt and the Islamic world (not all of it, but important parts of it) happen to be the places we are at war -- the places from which we were attacked. For now, that means these places have got our attention, and rightly so. But I wonder if "got our attention" is what the authors meant. Until they make themselves clear, I can't say whether I agree with them or not.  North Korea is as grave a threat as the Islamists, China is the conflict that awaits us, and India is the ally we will need. But for the next 20 or 30 years, Islamist terror is going to be the threat we face, and we must fight it creatively as well as forcefully, diplomatically and resolutely.  Back to the article.   In making these tenets active, neo-conservatives:     see international issues in morally absolutist categories; they are convinced that they alone hold the moral high ground and argue that disagreement effectively offers comfort to the enemy   emphasise the unipolar nature of American power and are prepared to exercise the military option as the first rather than last policy choice; they repudiate the received “lessons of Vietnam”, believing they undermine American willingness to use force - and rather embrace the “lessons of Munich,” believing they establish the virtues of pre-emptive military action   disdain conventional diplomatic agencies such as the state department and country-specific, pragmatic analysis because they dilute and confuse the ideological clarity of their policies   eschew multilateral institutions and treaties while drawing comfort from international criticism, believing that it confirms American virtue."     That's nuts. Not only do the authors make no connection between the "core tenets" and their activation (how does A cause B?), they show no examples of their opponents' supposed conviction that, to take just the first example, "they alone hold the moral high ground and argue that disagreement effectively offers comfort to the enemy."  Frankly, this is the kind of nonsense I expect from the left. Cato Institute or Kato Kaelin?  The U.S. goes to war in Iraq to overthrow a dictator, knowing full well that, in spite of the best efforts we can make, innocent civilians will die as a result of our war. To the anti-war mind, that de-legitimatizes the war as a moral force.  But we also know that Saddam and his sons are busy killing Iraqis in the most horrible ways, and that he is very interested in killing Americans if he gets the chance. So the realistic view notices that there is suffering and dying going on in Iraq. It says we can't claim our hands are unbloodied simply because we sit comfortably at home and do nothing to stop it -- rather the opposite.  This seems to me a complex decision, not a simplistic moral dichotomy. Rather, I'd characterize the anti-war position as a simplistic moral dichotomy.  And certainly many kinds of anti-war resistance do aid and comfort the enemy. The North Vietnamese have told us so. But if I am the moral absolutist this article would make me out to be, why do I not want these voices shut down and silenced -- thrown in jail and muzzled, a la Lincoln in 1862? Because my moral certainties include the belief that liberal democracy -- including freedom to make stupid protests -- is "good." It's certainly better than the Islamist alternative of fatwas on fiction writers.  At this point I'm still wondering if I'm a neo-con or not, but I've realized this article isn't going to be any help at all.
     
    


	 
       Reconstruction in Iraq moves forward, despite a slow start   By Ken Dilanian Knight Ridder Newspapers  BAGHDAD, Iraq — It's not every day that a group of poor, uneducated Iraqis breaks into cheers for a high-ranking American official. That's what happened Tuesday when the U.S. reconstruction chief strode up to hundreds of workers who'd been hired to help dig Iraq's first environmentally sound landfill, in southwest Baghdad.  It was a welcome change for retired Adm. David Nash, who heads the newly renamed Projects and Contracting Office, which has been the subject of fierce criticism lately for the slow pace and missed goals of the Iraq reconstruction effort.  His office oversees the $18.4 billion that Congress earmarked last fall to help Iraq rebuild its decrepit infrastructure. Two recent government reports showed that the reconstruction is badly behind schedule, in part because insurgents have successfully derailed it through violence and sabotage.  ...  Nash acknowledged a slow start, but said the reality was better than those numbers suggested. His office said Tuesday that 1,439 of 2,300 projects were under way, and more than $6 billion was "obligated" to pay for them. Nash said 30,000 to 60,000 Iraqis were working on those projects on any given day. And he said the numbers were climbing steadily.  The $22 million landfill project, which began five days ago and is employing 1,900 Iraqis, is an example of that, he said.  "It's taken us a while to get it going, but it's going now," he said, standing at the dusty landfill site in a black blazer and tie. "Obviously (insurgent violence) is a concern and it has an effect on us, but we're continuing to work, as we had even through the April time frame. A lot of the Iraqis didn't show up for work during that time frame, but they are now, and we're continuing to work."  Other projects are designed to improve electricity, water treatment, hospitals, the oil industry, public buildings, transportation infrastructure and security installations.  ...  When the construction firm FluorAMEC won the contract, it envisioned using heavy equipment to dig and clear rubble. But soldiers from the U.S. Army's 1st Cavalry Division, which polices Baghdad, suggested that the project be restructured to employ as many Iraqis with shovels as possible, said Col. Steve Lanza of New York, who commands the division's 5th Brigade.  "It's a jobs program, and it's also a force protection measure, because the local community has a stake in the project," he said. "We had 5,000 people show up to apply." The project pays the Iraqi workers 8,000 dinars — $5.33 — per day, a typical day laborer's wage. Lanza asked the local U.S.-appointed neighborhood advisory councils to provide the workers as a way of increasing their stature, he said, and he had a respected sheik coordinate the Iraqi work force at the job site. 
     
    


	 
       Re-election poll of Afghans finds optimism   BY GEORGE EDMONSON Cox News Service  WASHINGTON — Almost two-thirds of the Afghans responding to an opinion poll said they rarely or never worry about their personal safety, and about half rated security in their areas as excellent or good.  The data were gathered to assist in voter education as the United Nations and other groups register Afghans to vote ahead of the country's October presidential election.  The feelings of Afghans toward the United States, which led the 2001 invasion to depose the extreme Islamic Taliban regime after the Sept. 11 terror attacks, were positive in most areas of the country. Nationally, 65 percent expressed favorable views, while the poll found a plurality reported unfavorable opinions in the south and northwest.  About 18,000 U.S. troops are currently in Afghanistan hunting militants and assisting in the country's reconstruction and election preparations.  Results from the poll conducted earlier this year were released Tuesday. The survey was commissioned by the Asia Foundation, a non-partisan think tank, and prepared by Charney Research.  The performance of Afghan president Hamid Karzai, the leading candidate in the October election, was rated good or excellent by 62 percent of the respondents.  Those discontented with the current transitional government want more aid and assistance, not a return to the past, said Craig Charney, who went twice to Afghanistan and coauthored the report on the results. The United Nations was viewed positively by 84 percent of the respondents.  "What they do not say is, 'We want the foreigners out and the Taliban back.' In short, what the Taliban is offering — namely the return to the Middle Ages — is the opposite of what the discontented want. They want more modernity, they want more development," Charney said.  The overall unfavorable view of the Taliban was 75 percent in the poll.  ...  Officials have reported growing momentum in voter registration, including many women who often face discrimination for such participation.  ...  The poll was conducted between Feb. 22 and March 13 with interviews of 804 randomly selected adults. The margin of sampling error for the national results was plus or minus 3.5 percentage points.  
     
    


	 
      Growing up in the inner suburbs of Philadelphia I didn't meet real cherries often.  A jar of syrupy maraschinos stood in the door of the fridge for dad's highballs, and in the Acme you could buy Frank's Black Cherry Wishniak soda.  I must have had real cherries, but the first taste of them I remember was while moping through Europe as a teen-ager. In an open-air market in a Swiss town called St. Gallen, a pile of black and red cherries tempted me. In my purchase I mistook ""kilo'' as roughly the same as ""pound,'' and walked off with vastly more than I could eat, too embarrassed to admit my American ignorance.  I shared them with everyone on the bus, and we all had red tongues. I was with a girl, too, and I remember how clever her fingers looked picking the cherries from my hands.  You can get a cherry any day of the year, out of a can or at some grocery store. But in Lancaster I do weekly shopping with my son at Central Market. The world beyond the grocery stores still moves in cycles and seasons.  For a book I once wrote I spent a lot of time feeling how life was in the early 1800s. Take away the false colors everywhere _ in cars, clothing, billboards and magazines. Then feel how spring comes on, after five months of solid dun and gray, with a riot of flower-hues and green grass. It could bring tears to you.  Just so, fruits come and go in the market stands with a satisfying affirmation of loss and return. Strawberries arrive in June, like puppy love, perfect a day and soon spoiled. In July, the cherries come, mature and supple in your mouth.  Most are Bing cherries, named for a Chinese workman on an Oregon farm in the old West. They're tart and sweet by turns, and as the month goes you remember how differently the dark ones taste than the bright reds. The harvest peaks in the third week; it's the week I was born. 
     
    


	 
      "The settlement ... was founded by the Dutch, who called it New Netherland, but half of its residents were from elsewhere. Its capital was a tiny collection of rough buildings perched on the edge of a limitless wilderness, but its muddy lanes and waterfront were prowled by a Babel of peoples -- Norwegians, Germans, Italians, Jews, Africans (slaves and free), Walloons, Bohemians, Munsees, Montauks, Mohawks, and many others -- all living on the rim of empire, struggling to find a way of being together, searching for a balance between chaos and order, liberty and oppression. Pirates, prostitutes, smugglers, and business sharks held sway in it. It was  Manhattan,  in other words, right from the start: a place unlike any other, either in the North American colonies or anywhere else.  Because of its geography, its population, and the fact that it was under the control of the Dutch (even then its parent city, Amsterdam, was the most liberal in Europe), this island city would become the first multiethnic, upwardly mobile society on America's shores, a prototype of the kind of society that would be duplicated throughout the country and around the world. It was no coincidence that on September 11, 2001, those who wished to make a symbolic attack on the center of American power chose the World Trade Center as their target. If what made America great was its ingenious openness to different cultures, then the small triangle of land at the southern tip of Manhattan Island is the New World birthplace of that idea, the spot where it first took shape. Many people -- whether they live in the heartland or on Fifth Avenue -- like to think of New York City as so wild and extreme in its cultural fusion that it's an anomaly in the United States, almost a foreign entity. This book offers an alternative view: that beneath the level of myth and politics and high ideals, down where real people live and interact, Manhattan is where America began."  [Russell Shorto, Prologue to  The Island at the Center of the World ]
     
    


	 
      If you want to follow the genocide in Darfur -- and by all means it is worth following --  urlLink  this site   is an excellent one.  And if you wonder why  urlLink  France is opposed to the U.S. plan for international sanctions   against Sudan over this mass murder, it goes deeper than the usual Gallic sneer at anything that stinks of America. It goes deep enough to strike oil, in fact.  Check out the extent of the French oil concessions (FinaELF) in Darfur on  urlLink  this map   if you don't believe me.   Arab militias are conducting a brutal "ethnic cleansing" against non-Arabs, mostly blacks. A million people have fled their homes and at least 10,000 have been killed in what the UN calls "the world's worst humanitarian crisis." To its credit, the Bush administration is keeping up the heat on Sudan.  But France stands in the way. Seemingly it never met a petroleum-rich murderous dictatorship it didn't like. What's French for "blood for oil"? 
     
    


	 
      The New York Times today has a piece titled  urlLink  The Talkative Terrorist on Tape: Madrid Plot 'Was My Project.'   As the title makes clear, the portrait of Rabei Osman Sayed Ahmed, a.k.a. "Muhammad the Egyptian," makes him out to be a loquacious, almost affable fellow. This despite the fact that the Times calls the al Qaeda member "the mastermind of the March 11 train bombings in Madrid" which killed 190 people.  The story was put together from "[d]ozens of pages of transcripts obtained by The New York Times" from Italian authorites who had been monitoring Ahmed's conversations. These wiretaps have been ruled admissible in court.  And so the article goes on and on about Ahmed's method of blending in to the population in European countries, the advice he gave to suicide bombers and his photography skills in taking the pictures that will be sent home to their families after their deaths. It describes the politicking between Italian and Spanish police over his detainment and the distribution of the evidence.  At the end of the 31st graph, long after most readers will have stopped reading and after most newspapers that pick the story up will have trimmed it, comes this Ahmed quote: "This [Madrid] plan cost me a lot of study and patience. It took me two and a half years."  And then on into more story. But stop for a second and do the math: March 11, 2004, minus two years (the low-end time estimate he gave) is March 2002. That means the "plan" to commit mass murder in Madrid began long before the Coalition, including Spain, came together to invade Iraq and overthrow Saddam.  Yet we are told, and the media continues to tell us, and many people continue to believe, that the only reason Spain was targeted was because of its cooperation in the Iraq war.  The article earlier mentions that Ahmed was in Madrid in 2001 and 2002, befriending "a group of radical Muslims, some of whom were involved in the March 11 bombings and were killed in a suicide operation while trying to escape the police." Yet the reporters don't even bother to point out that this upsets the accepted view of things, which is that Spain was punished solely for helping America.  It is possible, of course, that the plan was laid, but not activated, until the Iraq war. Certainly the intent was to punish the Spanish and sway their election. But the fact is, the terrorists had wired up Madrid for a blast long before they found their excuse to hit the button.
     
    


	 
      My newspaper, which has access to both AP and New York Times news wires, ran the AP version of the Senate Intelligence Committee report story Saturday morning on page A1 above the fold, with the headline  "Report: CIA analysis was false" .  It's chock full of quotes, mostly from thundering Democratic politicians, and has the adjectives "scathing," "false," and "unfounded" in the lede. It goes on at length about the debate over whether there was Bush administration "pressure" to "overplay the Iraq threat."  On the same day, inside and alongside the jump from the Intelligence Committee report story, we ran  "Blair braces for potentially damaging report on Iraqi intelligence" . This is the AP story about the inquiry into the British intelligence on Iraq, which is to be released Wednesday. The article focuses almost entirely on the "45-minute" claim.  Curiously, it says nothing about Bush's supposedly discredited claim that Saddam tried to buy uranium from Niger. This, of course, is one of the main pillars of the "Bush lied" meme. The Democratic National Committee even issued a press releases about it, titled "President Bush Deceives The American People." The spat made an anti-war hero of Joseph C. Wilson IV, the man the CIA sent to Africa to investigate the uranium claim.  What is even more odd about the absence of this item from the coverage of Lord Butler's report on British intelligence is that, because when Bush made the claim, he credited it to British intelligence:   "The British government has learned that Saddam Hussein recently sought significant quantities of uranium from Africa."   In fact, in the local newspapers this weekend, I found mention of it only in the afternoon paper (the one I don't work for), which on Friday ran an earlier edition of the same AP story on the Intelligence Committee, under the same byline (Katherine Pfleger Shrader). In the fifth paragraph it mentions the uranium: "It [the Senate Intelligence Committee report] faulted Tenet for not personally reviewing Bush's 2003 State of the Union address, which contained since-discredited references to Iraq's attempts to purchase uranium in Africa."  So, if you were getting your news from the Lancaster, Pennsylvania, newspapers, you'd never know that the Niger-uranium claim has in fact been  given a substantial credibility boost,  and that it comes in  both the Senate committee report  and in  Lord Butler's report on British intelligence.   According to the Senate report, Wilson's trip to Africa did not "discredit" the story that Iraq was shopping for uranium in Niger -- it strengthened it, because Wilson reported that an Iraqi delegation had traveled to Niger in 1999 and that Niger officials believed that they were interested in buying uranium.  Lord Butler's report is a mixed bag of praise and censure for the Blair government. But among its conclusions -- and this has been percolating in the British papers since well before Thursday, when the AP began writing its stories -- it says the statements about Iraq and Niger are justified and supported by the intelligence.  You might know about this development, however, if you read blogs like Instapundit and LGF. Or if you follow the work of  urlLink  Mark Steyn;     The fact is almost every European intelligence service reckoned Saddam was trying to buy uranium in Africa. The only folks who didn't think so were the CIA.  Let's weigh their comparative interest in the story. The Financial Times revealed last week that one continental intelligence agency had had a uranium-smuggling operation involving Iraq under surveillance for three years. In return, the only primary investigation initiated by the most powerful nation on the face of the Earth was to send a narcissistic kook from a Saudi-funded think-tank on vacation for a week to sip mint tea with government stooges. He didn't even bother filing a written report, and the ''Bush spurned my advice!'' column he wrote for the Times reads like a bad travelogue: ''Through the haze, I could see camel caravans crossing the Niger river.'' After that, the great narcissist somehow managed to make himself the center of the story -- But hey, enough about Saddam's nuclear ambitions; let's talk about me.  A few weeks before 9/11, Reuel Marc Gerecht wrote a timely piece in the Atlantic Monthly on the woeful state of U.S. counter-terrorism intelligence in a CIA neutered by politically correct bureaucracy. Among Gerecht's many memorable quotes was this line from a young CIA man reflecting on an agency grown used to desk-bound life in Virginia: ''Operations that include diarrhea as a way of life don't happen.'' That's Niger in a nutshell: Diarrhea Central. Who'd want to be stationed there when they could be back at Langley monitoring the world's e-mail in an air-conditioned office?  But Niger is a 99.5 percent Sunni Muslim country with the world's second highest birth rate and a load of uranium. It's exactly the sort of place an intelligence agency in the war on terror ought to be keeping an eye on. And that doesn't mean sending Mint Tea Boy to write it up for the travel section.   ...  Bush didn't LIE!!!! He was right, and the CIA were wrong. That doesn't mean they LIED!!!! either. Intelligence is never 100 percent. You make a judgment, and in this instance the judgments of the British and Europeans were right, and the judgment of the principal intelligence agency of the world's hyperpower was wrong. That should be a cause of great concern -- for all Americans.  National security shouldn't be a Republican/Democrat thing. But it's become one because, for too many Americans, when it's a choice between Bush and anybody else, they'll take anybody else. So, in "Fahrenheit 9/11," if it's a choice between Bush and Saddam, Michael Moore comes down on the side of the genocidal whacko and shows us lyrical slo-mo shots of kiddies flying kites in a Baathist utopia. In the Afghan war, if it's a choice between Bush and the women-enslaving gay-executing Taliban, Susan Sarandon and Co. side with the Taliban. And in the most exquisite reductio of this now universal rule, if it's a choice between Bush and the CIA, the left sides with the CIA.    Which I've noticed, too, of course. The resident ultra-left in the newsroom, one of whom actually went to Central America in the Reagan era (props for that) and worked with the people, is now defending the CIA. It seems to shock even him to hear his voice say these things. He explains the spies are a necessary force for the protection of America, and the poor put-upon CIA ought to be protected from the evil menace that is the constitutional presidency. (OK, that's my interpretation).  The anti-war movement's focus on WMD is highly self-serving. By focusing on the absence -- so far -- of the discovery of a large cache of them, and on the intelligence gaffes, makes the war opponents seem as if they were right all along.  But this disguises the fact that, before the war began, many if not most of them believed it, too. That is, opponents of the war, both in the U.S. and abroad, didn't oppose it because they thought there were no WMD in Iraq. Sometimes they opposed war exactly because they were afraid of what Saddam and his WMD might do. But, as Michael Moore says, Americans are the stupidest people in the world, so apparently his side is counting on all of us to forget what they all said a year and a half ago.  As for those of us who supported it, I don't know any who did so  solely  based on the presence of huge stocks of WMD. It was always presented as a guess (with more or less confidence), but for me that was only part of a multi-level decision that the invasion was the right thing to do, for both Iraqis and Americans and everyone else in the world except fascist dictators and Islamist terrorists.  Meanwhile,  urlLink  Winds of Change   dresses down Joe Wilson -- and this is one of the kinder cuts I've read -- thusly:   Joe Wilson is a liar and not a particularly good one at that. As the report, starting on p. 39 and going through p. 47 very carefully explains, the claims that Wilson during his media blitz and subsequent canonization as a representative of all that is righteous and pure within anti-war circles were every bit as misleading if not factually inaccurate as anything that one may charge that the administration had done. Even more so, I would argue, if only for the fact that he was making claims about a number of issues, for example the forged documents referring to Niger, of which he had no actual knowledge - a very polite way of saying that the man was blowing smoke out his ass.   
     
    


	 
      Lest we forget, amid all those newsmagazine photos of Moore draped in, or carrying, the flag,  urlLink  Victor Davis Hanson   collects the short list from the big man's big mouth:   At a time of war, he scoffs at 9-11 as if the wrong Americans were dying:  If someone did this [9/11] to get back at Bush, then they did so by killing thousands of people who DID NOT VOTE for him!   He praises our enemies who are beheading innocents in Iraq:  The Iraqis who have risen up against the occupation are not "insurgents" or "terrorists" or "The Enemy." They are the REVOLUTION, the Minutemen, and their numbers will grow -- and they will win. Get it, Mr. Bush?   He shows contempt for our dead who fought and died for the right of Iraqis to vote:  "I'm sorry, but the majority of Americans supported this war once it began and, sadly, that majority must now sacrifice their children until enough blood has been let that maybe - just maybe - God and the Iraqi people will forgive us in the end."   He slurs civilian workers like Nick Berg and Paul Johnson who were trying to help rebuild Iraq:  "Those are not contractors in Iraq. They are not there to fix a roof or to pour concrete in a driveway. They are MERCENARIES and SOLDIERS OF FORTUNE."   He has contempt for Americans outside his circle of sycophants:  "They are possibly the dumbest people on the planet ... We Americans suffer from an enforced ignorance. We don't know about anything that's happening outside our country. Our stupidity is embarrassing."    
     
    


	 
      I probably should not write this. I will only write it once. But it has been nagging me for two months now. I hope I'm wrong -- I pray I'm wrong. But I think we muffed the Iraq campaign of the War on Terror.  We lost it at the end of April, to be precise, in Fallujah. Our soldiers and Marines did wonderfully. Our political leaders failed us. All the good will we have, all the hard work of reconstruction our people are doing, even the rise of a democratic Iraq, won't make our enemies forget our leadership blinked that day. Whatever may come in Iraq, and I hope for the best, we have lost, and I predict history will mark Fallujah as the place of our defeat.  Probably most Americans already have forgotten. Since then we've had Abu Ghraib and the 9/11 commission and a thousand distractions. But that non-battle of Fallujah won't leave me. Remember? The mob slaughtered our citizens and mutilated their remains and strung them up from bridge trestles like meat. Our leaders vowed to go into that city and track down the killers and quell the insurgency.  The mess in Fallujah in April set a collision course between our two main goals in Iraq:  1.  convincing West-hating Islamic terrorists that we will defeat them and kill them without tiring, and  2.  convincing average Iraqis that it really is their country now, and setting them up in self-rule.  We ended up seeking a mixed solution. But more and more it becomes clear to me that the second goal was impossible without achieving the first. And we failed to accomplish the first goal at Fallujah, our best chance. Since then, things have only gotten worse.  By April 27, the Marines had the Battle of Fallujah half won. Individual Marines were writing home about it as a defining victory for their generation. They had an estimated 1,500 enemy hemmed in from the north and south, contained in the northeast corner of the city. This is an old-town warren of blind alleys and mosques. It could have been one big booby trap, like Jenin was for the Israelis. The USMC had begun handling it the correct way, with small probes that forced the enemy to react. When he showed, they killed. And over time, and attrition, they would have pinned the Islamist militias in a pocket, and then one big punch with overwhelming force would have ended it.  Three days later, in a surreal development, a defunct Republican Guard major general appeared, seemingly pulled from a hat, at the head of a newly formed Fallujah Protection Army. The USMC handed over control of Fallujah to him. The U.S. pulled back. Since then, the Sunni radicals and the Baathists have run Fallujah as a festering un-free free city within liberated Iraq. The clerics who have taken over Fallujah have installed a Taliban-style regime. Women who don't cover their hair and faces are beaten in the streets. Beauty parlors have been shut down. Men have been ordered to grow beards and barbers have been warned not to shave customers. Booze dealers have been flogged naked in the streets. Meanwhile, according to Chalabi, "the terrorists in Fallujah are enjoying themselves, sending one car bomb after another."  Better to have beat them down right there, where they chose to make their stand, with the cameras running and the world watching. Undoubtedly the jihadis would have fought suicidally, and taken many civilians with them. We backed off in part because of the bad PR that goes with killing people. Guess what? I'm willing to wager, based on history, that more people will die because we didn't finish that fight than would have died if we did. If the motive was to minimize death and mayhem, peace at any price was the wrong choice.  War is horrible. Like many horrible things, if it is to be done, it is best done as swiftly and firmly as possible. Do it with conviction, or don't do it. Else you simply drag and compound the horror.  For some people the horror of even the most careful war will simply be intolerable.  Very well. For others, anything done by a capitalist nation-state will send them tumbling out of their air-conditioned dorms into the streets with "no blood for oil" signs.  The mewling and cries of "atrocity" began even before the battle. Had we pursued victory into the city, the howl would have grown deafening. But a real leadership would have understood the stakes. The anti-war howlers think we're just a pack of oil-addicted baby-killers and torturers, or "crusader" dupes of the Jews. They thought so before, they think so now. Holding back our hand, as we did in Fallujah, certainly won us no friends.  The last editorial I wrote for my newspaper was in April, as the Fallujah battle gathered. "Start-and-stop drives against the insurgents in Fallujah and al-Sadr's brigades suggest our leaders have failed to learn the bitter lesson of '91," it said. "Our forbearance in such situations only is interpreted as weakness by the enemy. ... War is a brutal, bloody, destructive business. People who understand that -- Sherman, Patton -- are not men you would want for your secretaries of state in peacetime. But they succeed at war. Victory first; unconditional victory. Then mercy."  They never ran it. I never have been asked to write another. My newspaper's editors are relentlessly against Bush and "his" war. Michael Moore and Noam Chomsky are heroes here. In the newsroom that week, we had many stories to work on. But in the crucial places in the Middle East, all eyes were on Fallujah.   In the Middle East, as far back as Alexander, battles have been fought as much by bluff as by blood. They called our bluff, and we blinked. We began the battle, then we left it. Were we really serious about this Iraqi venture? We swept the Taliban from Kabul, we danced over Saddam's army, but the Islamists had reason to doubt our commitment. We blinked. And they know it.  Some of our leaders say it's better that Fallujah played out this way, because now it can be a rat-trap for the insurgents, where we can watch them and isolate them. To an extent, that is true. But the other alternative would have been far better. No matter how we spin this, the jihadis call it a victory, and their recruits across the Islamic world proclaim it one. And they're essentially right. The most potent army in the world said it was going to go in there and kill them, but they're still standing.  Now they know they will just have to outwait us, to keep the heat on us, and eventually, though much more slowly, Iraq will be Mogadishu and Beirut. They know that, even after the slaughter of Sept. 11, we lack the will and patience for a long, real war on terror. They also know they do not lack these qualities.  Now comes the storm. If Fallujah represents the watershed moment in the Iraq war, and I'm afraid it does, then this  is  another Vietnam. And it will have not only the effect of drawing more recruits to the terrorists (now that we have revealed we aren't serious about exterminating them), but it also will have consequences for the next time U.S. men and women go into battle. They'll not only have to think ahead to their enemies, but look over their shoulders to see if the politicians aren't going to pull the rug out from under them when they're halfway to victory (or, worse, dead in a fight they thought was going to save America).  Furthermore, the suspicion of our enemies has been reinforced that Americans don't do urban battles. And this is an awful because that kind of fighting is not an aberration in modern warfare. It  is  modern warfare. The world is urbanized in a degree impossible to conceive 100 years ago. Tank battles like Kursk, open-field maneuver like Normandy, that's all as "ancient history" as Cannae.  After Vietnam, as bad as that was, the Western nuclear deterrent kept the Soviets back and gave us a decade to nurse the military and social hangover. We don't have that luxury with these enemies. The Islamists are at least holding their own against us so far in this war. And the breakdown of the international system of nuclear weapons containment (which began to crumble in the 1990s) is going to give our vicious enemies a serious equalizer in a few years. The West had better get its shit together, and I mean the French and the Germans and the American universities as well as us cowboys.  It may well be that, come November, all those "anybody but Bush" voters will wake up with big grins caked on their faces because their nemesis is gone. But guess what? "Bushie Boy" may go, but Jihadi boy will still be here, times ten thousand, and following our troops home. Then what are you going to do? Then it's your problem. Trotsky had the right line for these people: "You may not be interested in war, but war is very interested in you."  Do you think they'll let up on us if we have a president who speaks French and says nice things about the World Court? Do you think it matters to them that he wants to "consult with our allies?" They want to blow up our allies, too. The hell they unleashed on us three years ago was planned while amiable Bill Clinton was still in the White House, urging Israeli concessions and trying to give the Palestinians a real nation.  Yet still, today, our press and politicians are fixated with the parsing out the details of the decision to overthrow Saddam, more than a year ago. Let history debate that. The war's begun. It doesn't matter what was the right decision then, unless you have a time machine. The right decision now, is what matters.  But we've completely lost that. Domestically, the country is heading into 1968 again. The "baby-killer" shouts already have been heard by returning soldiers. As odious as I find Bush, I can't yet stand on the other side, so long as its pre-eminent message is crocodile tears over American loss and failure and death. I think we're going to see enough of that -- the real thing, not the manufactured version -- in years to come.  I need Kerry to do something -- anything -- to convince me he understands the seriousness of this situation better than the current incumbent does. I see nothing like that from him. In fact, I can't even see him at all, because right now there's a fat, stupid white man clotting up the election. Kerry is so devoid of a message that his campaign has been hijacked by a damned movie.  And, no, my practical pessimism is not the same thing as the media's, which is a far darker and more traitorious commodity -- infected with the Chomskyite poison that views any exercise of power by a capitalist nation-state as always evil and any resistance to it inherently good.  I will keep working for a free Iraq, in every way I can. I will give time and money, and lend my words and support to the good people in that country and the good people in my own who are working to set them on the path to freedom. I try to keep a generally positive even-keel attitude. This is a war, after all, and this is a democracy, after all, and everything is, at least in theory, a co-operative effort. Even if most of my fellow citizens persist in acting like it's a gladiator match in which the president does the work and we sit in the stands and point our thumbs. 
     
    


	 
      My timeline here might not be perfect, but I think this is essentially correct. It all started (as far as I can tell) with Peggy Noonan of the  Wall Street Journal  fretting over Bush's prospects in November and, like Alexander Fleming in the penicillin story, accidently discovering  urlLink  a useful fungus   -- useful, in this case, for the Kerry-Edwards ticket:   History has been too dramatic the past 3 1/2 years. It has been too exciting. Economic recession, 9/11, war, Afghanistan, Iraq, fighting with Europe. fighting with the U.N., boys going off to fight, Pat Tillman, beheadings. It has been so exciting. And my general sense of Americans is that we like things to be boring. Or rather we like history to be boring; we like our lives to be exciting. We like history to be like something Calvin Coolidge dreamed: dull, dull. dull. And then we complain about the dullness, and invent excitements that are the kind we really like: moon shots, spaceships, curing diseases. Big tax cuts that encourage big growth that creates lots of jobs for young people just out of school.  No, I am not suggesting all our recent excitement is Mr. Bush's fault. History handed him what it handed him. And no, I am not saying the decisions he took were wrong or right or some degree of either. I'm saying it's all for whatever reasons been more dramatic than Americans in general like history to be.  Here is my fear: that the American people, liking and respecting President Bush, and knowing he's a straight shooter with guts, will still feel a great temptation to turn to the boring and disingenuous John Kerry. He'll never do anything exciting. He doesn't have the guts to be exciting. And as he doesn't stand for anything, he won't have to take hard stands. He'll do things like go to France and talk French and they'll love it. He'll say he's the man who accompanied Teresa Heinz to Paris, only this time he'll say it in French and perfectly accented and they'll all go "ooh la la!"  The American people may come to feel that George W. Bush did the job history sent him to do. He handled 9/11, turned the economy around, went into Afghanistan, captured and removed Saddam Hussein. And now let's hire someone who'll just by his presence function as an emollient. A big greasy one but an emollient nonetheless.  I just have a feeling this sort of thing may have some impact this year. "A return to normalcy," with Mr. Kerry as the normal guy. 	   This is why blogs are better than big media. Noonan's tranchant observation meant nothing to other newspapers or to TV networks (who tend to studiedly ignore one another). But this piece led to Mickey Kaus, of Slate, who has said some of the shrewdest things about Kerry, coming out and  urlLink  admitting he's decided to vote for him.     I plan to vote for him because I think a) we need a break* from Bush's strident public global terror war in order to prevent it from becoming a damaging, lifelong West vs. Islam clash--in order to "rebrand" America and digest the hard-won gains we've made in Iraq and Afghanistan (if they even remain gains by next January). Plus, b) it would be nice to make some progress on national health care, even if it's only dialectical "try a solution and find out it doesn't work" progress. I could change my mind--if, for example, I thought Kerry would actually sell out an incipient Iraqi democracy in a fit of "realistic" Scowcroftian stability-seeking ....   Along the way, he also coined the perfect Kerry slogan:  "We survived Carter and we'd survive Kerry."  	 	 So Mark Steyn comes back with a piece that rallies people to the big picture:   So we're living through a period of extraordinarily rapid demographic and cultural change that broadly favors the Islamists' stated objectives, a period of rapid technological advance that greatly facilitates the Islamists' objectives, and a period of rapid nuclear dissemination that will add serious heft to the realization of their objectives. If the West – and I use the term in the widest sense to mean not just swaggering Texas cowboys but sensitive left-wing feminists in favor of gay marriage – is to survive, it will only be after a long struggle lasting many decades.   Now go back to watching Fahrenheit 9/11 and kid yourself that this will all go away if Bush, Cheney, and Rummy are thrown out this November.   But Jacob at  urlLink  The Volkh Conspiracy   also makes his case for voting for Kerry without at all rejecting what Bush has accomplished in the world.   It takes a different set of skills and virtues to break something than to build something. The war-on-terror argument for the war in Iraq was that the status quo in the Middle East needed to be broken. The Afghan state that was hopelessly entangled with al Qaeda had earlier needed to be broken. It might be that a Democratic President 2000-04 would not have done either. But reconstruction of both Iraq and Afghanistan is also crucial-- crucial for, as Paul Wolfowitz and others always said, beginning any kind of political-cultural shift that weakens Islamism and moves the Muslim and Arab worlds toward civil society and democracy. And the Bush Administration has not shown any ability to manage those reconstructions successfully. This is not a call to hide from the war on terror for four years and hope it goes away. It's a call to understand that overthrowing states is not the crucial skill oif the current phase of the war on terror; and that that's the only skill the Bush Administration has convincingly shown that it has.   To which  urlLink  Glenn Reynolds   notes:   I don't agree that the reconstruction of Iraq has been a failure -- but even if you buy this argument, the missing part of Levy's position, and Kaus's, is an affirmative demonstration that a Kerry administration would do the job better.Where's the evidence for that?  	 While Sullivan weighs in with:   This is my defense, I guess. I am passionately in favor of an aggressive war against the Islamo-fascists, but I'm open to debate about tactics and strategy. I certainly don't believe that a pro-war position means some kind of blind fealty to Bush-Cheney. And, of course, as a small government, balanced-budget, libertarian homo, Bush Republicanism is anathema in so many ways. But every time I listen to Kerry, I cannot help but feel that he is hopelessly out of touch with the threats we face and might make our budget problems worse with his healthcare proposal. So I am stuck between a president whose party now officially wants to purge itself of gays and a senator I cannot trust to fight the war we need. These are painful times indeed.    Participatory democracy in action. Watching real people think it through and make their choices in a tough election year. While, come October, our newspaper will run one editorial, saying, in effect, "vote for Kerry because we say so," and the other one will run one editorial saying "vote for Bush because we say so." 
     
    


	 
      The U.S. can invade Iraq, overthrow its dictator, and in time rebuild the country into a free, modern, secular nation living under the rule of law.  Those of us who assert this use Germany in World War II as a comparison. But is it the right one? Iraq today seems little like the Germany of 1945 -- a shattered nation that before its defeat had been tightly bonded by social organization and a strong nationalist tradition.  Instead, what I read and see from Iraq reminds me more of the Germany of 1815: Regionally fragmented, partially liberated from its native petty tyrants, with unresolved issues of religion and politics. It has a civil service in its infancy, systems still corrupt, and a growing middle class restive for rights and reforms. It's a nation vulnerable to neighboring powers, with citizens increasingly maddened by the clash of their foreign liberators' egalitarian rhetoric and the humiliating realities of occupation.  Americans, as we work to give Iraq to its people for the first time, would do well to look back, not to ourselves in 1945, but to the French of 200 years ago. There we can learn by example many mistakes to avoid, and at the same time we can take pleasure in learning them from our dear friends the French ruling class.  France in the Napoleonic era was not in the same superpower class as America today. It had achieved a sudden dominant position in the continental European power game, but still it could not fight all its enemies at once, or even certain combinations of them. Yet a brief description of the French experience in the Rhineland is bound to set off bells of recognition for a modern observer of the U.S. in Iraq.  The Grand Army poured into the German Rhineland in 1792, rolling up cities and individual states whose armies were no match for it. Prussia and Austria, the two regional powers that could have stopped the invasion, were preoccupied with carving up and digesting Poland, and made only half-hearted attempts to fight a two-front war. By 1797, the French conquest was complete.  Contemporary French accounts say they were welcomed as liberators by the Rhinelanders. The French made the Rhineland a laboratory for their experiment of exporting Enlightenment and French Revolutionary values. They rapidly transformed the political and social landscape of the conquered land. They suppressed the local nobility and abolished serfdom. They enacted universal male sufferage and installed elected governments. They secularized ecclesiastical principalities, reformed the legal system, spurred industrial development, and modernized the infrastructure.  "[T]he French rebuilt occupied Germany from its foundations, particularly the Rhineland," Steven Ozment writes in his excellent short history of Germany, "A Mighty Fortress" [2004, p.159]. "The Code Napoléon encouraged comparatively open societies with greater social equality and individual rights (peasants were emancipated throughout the Rhineland), free trade, and religious tolerance."  There was an element of pragmatism in the French project. Not all the old power-structures were overthrown; some were co-opted. Larger states, for instance, were consoled in their defeat by being permitted to absorb smaller neighbors.  The reforms even had a liberalizing effect on the Rhineland's neighbors -- France's rivals in central Europe -- especially Austria and Prussia. The leaders of those nations knew they could more readily mobilize their populations to resist the French if the freedom France offered were not so tempting, and if the people felt a greater stake in their homelands.  But the benefits of the French occupation were soon outweighed, in the minds of the occupied people, by its baleful aspects. And these were beyond anything the U.S. has done in Iraq or is likely ever to do there.  Unlike Iraq, the Rhineland found itself annexed outright to the nation that had delivered it. In many places, the French plundered outright, and overall they conscripted tens of thousands of Germans into the French army. International trade was restricted to focus on France's markets.  A powerful current in the Rhineland's turn against the French, according to Ozment, was "the personal treatment Germans received at the hands of the French ...." He writes that "the French army was its own worst enemy," and tells of "frequent contact with quartered French soldiers and high officials, who stood over Germans as lords and masters, disdaining native culture and religions," which had a corrosive effect on the locals' attitudes.   The U.S. army has been nowhere near as bad as the French were (that's not a claim of national superiority; the crudeness of the times and the desperateness of the French situation together can account for it). But even the best-mannered occupiers will become an annoyance at last.  Ozment also notes that the practical Germans were "historically ill-disposed to reforms that pursued impossible ideals and utopian goals."  Conscripted Germans made up one-third of the army of 700,000 that Napoleon led into Russia in 1812. When the remnant straggled back, defeated, the German states rose up against the French, and, joined by Napoleon's other enemies, they together broke his power at the Battle of Nations at Leipzig in 1813.  "For all their appeal to Germans, the Declaration of the Rights of Man and Citizen and the Code Napoléon were not the cure-all for what ailed Germany. If Germans were to make a great leap forward, more French instruction was not what they required. What was needed most after 1813 was the freedom to make that leap out of their own history and on their own feet." [p.161-2]
     
    


	 
       urlLink  Captain Ed   is among those in the blogosphere who are interested in learning more about the two suspected Iranian intelligence officers nabbed this week in Baghdad, armed with explosives and building car bombs. And now he's interested in why none of the big media, except Fox News, seems to agree that this is a major development in the Iraq story. To the point that they haven't printed a word of the story yet. AP moved a version, but downplayed it, and most of the big papers and networks seem to have passed on it.
     
    


	 
      Different Reuters stories over the past couple of weeks characterize the question of Saddam's banned weapons in significantly different phrases.  This story,  urlLink  CIA had few Iraqi sources before war - spy chief,   is dated Tuesday, June 22. The byline is Tabassum Zakaria, and the dateline is New York.     The Bush administration and U.S. intelligence agencies have been criticized for prewar allegations that Iraq had weapons of mass destruction. Although CIA Director George Tenet, who will resign next month, had assured U.S. President George W. Bush there was a convincing case,  no stockpiles of unconventional weapons have been found.      That may be the most accurate statement of the lot. In fact, banned, unconventional weapons have been found in Iraq, apparently from Saddam's arsenals. There have been no "stockpiles" unearthed to date, but as a search of the  urlLink  U.N. Security Council resolutions concerning Iraq   will show, the word "stockpiles" does not figure in any of them. The Bush administration talked about "stockpiles." But the legal justification of the war is based on failure to comply with the resolutions.  A week later, on Tuesday, June 29, Reuters, in an article titled  urlLink  Terror threat remains despite better security,   the characterization is somewhat different.    " No banned weapons have been found in Iraq  and government officials fear the report, expected next month, will make uncomfortable reading for Blair."    The dateline is London, the reporter is Mike Peacock, and now there are  no  banned weapons.  Likewise on Sunday, July 4, Reuters ran  urlLink  Spy chiefs face Iraq criticism  . The reporter was Kate Kelland, the dateline London. It contained this:    " No weapons of mass destruction have been found in Iraq  and the 45-minute claim has been discredited."     And that is palpably false. In May, a booby-trapped artillery shell filled with the sarin nerve agent exploded alongside a Baghdad roadoadside. Iraq Survey Group chief Charles Duelfer told Brit Hume in an interview that as many as a dozen WMD-filled weapons have been found recently in Iraq. Two days before Kelland's article was filed, the AP reported that, "Terrorists may have been close to obtaining munitions containing the deadly nerve agent cyclosarin that Polish soldiers recovered last month in Iraq." Cyclosarin is five times stronger than sarin and five times more durable. It turns out the gas in this case was so deteriorated that it would not have worked, but the head of Polish intelligence was rightly "mortified" when he learned terrorists were looking for these warheads and offering $5,000 apiece for them.  The odd part is, the earlier article was the truer one. The New York dateline may have something to do with that, I don't know. Perhaps the nut graf is different in London. But it puzzles me that, as the evidence dribbles in supporting the existence of Saddam's WMDs, Reuters seems to be moving its goalposts in, not out.
     
    


	 
      "Parameters" is the quarterly journal of the U.S. Army War College, in Carlisle. The summer 2004 edition has  urlLink  this insigthful piece   by Ralph Peters, titled "In Praise of Attrition."  What's remarkable is that it's insightful: It is mostly a collection of statements of the obvious about the art of war on a large scale. Historical illustrations are provided, but they seem superfluous because so much of this is simple sense. Not pretty, though.  Which probably is why something so basic has to be rediscovered, reinforced, and we have to be reminded of it.   But we do have superior killing power, once our enemies have been located. Ultimately, the key advantage of a superpower is super power. Faced with implacable enemies who would kill every man, woman, and child in our country and call the killing good (the ultimate war of attrition), we must be willing to use that power wisely, but remorselessly.   We are, militarily and nationally, in a transition phase. Even after 9/11, we do not fully appreciate the cruelty and determination of our enemies. We will learn our lesson, painfully, because the terrorists will not quit. The only solution is to kill them and keep on killing them: a war of attrition. But a war of attrition fought on our terms, not theirs.   Of course, we shall hear no end of fatuous arguments to the effect that we can’t kill our way out of the problem. Well, until a better methodology is discovered, killing every terrorist we can find is a good interim solution. The truth is that even if you can’t kill yourself out of the problem, you can make the problem a great deal smaller by effective targeting.   And we shall hear that killing terrorists only creates more terrorists. This is sophomoric nonsense. The surest way to swell the ranks of terror is to follow the approach we did in the decade before 9/11 and do nothing of substance. Success breeds success. Everybody loves a winner. The clichés exist because they’re true. Al Qaeda and related terrorist groups metastasized because they were viewed in the Muslim world as standing up to the West successfully and handing the Great Satan America embarrassing defeats with impunity. Some fanatics will flock to the standard of terror, no matter what we do. But it’s far easier for Islamic societies to purge themselves of terrorists if the terrorists are on the losing end of the global struggle than if they’re allowed to become triumphant heroes to every jobless, unstable teenager in the Middle East and beyond.   Far worse than fighting such a war of attrition aggressively is to pretend you’re not in one while your enemy keeps on killing you.   
     
    


	 
      I used to get naughty pleasure out of  urlLink  The Filthy Critic's   film reviews, partly because he's got that sophomoric sense of humor that men, whatever age, never outgrow; partly because he couples it with real insight most of the time. But mostly because he hates almost everything, and a bad review from a good writer is always a rip-roaring ride  urlLink  (e.g. Lileks' books).    But I got out of the habit of checking in on him, probably when I stopped being entertainment editor at the newspaper and lost track of all the new releases. It's been so long since I checked in there that I hadn't noticed how he and I are now on opposite sides politically.  By "now," I mean "since 9/11." I go back to someone I had identified with, and find he's on the other side. That's how I know at least how long it's been since I last was there. Like a burn-mark in the tree rings, you can date other events by it.  Sullivan's  urlLink  Daily Dish   has a link back to Filthy's review of Moore's propaganda piece. And even moreso than Krugman or  urlLink  Gitlin,   he sees through the cheap juggling act. But unlike those vaunted academics, the online movie critic doesn't pass over all that intellectual dishonesty in his rush to anoint the man a god.   The problem with Moore's approach isn't what he presents, or even what he believes. Although, I think his approach of just piling on whatever he thinks smokes like a gun is lazy and disservices any focused attack. My real problem with the approach is what he leaves out. It's obvious even to me -- a guy who gets his political news from "Peanuts" reprints (and only the color ones on Sunday) -- that he ignores all facts and evidence that might counter the argument he's determined to make. The result is propaganda for people who already agree with him, but won't change the minds of anyone whose mind you'd want to change. The people who disagree will continue to disagree, because Moore does nothing to counter their arguments. The movie would be a shitload more effective if it were focused on disproving conservative myths instead of creating a whole slew of liberal ones via implication.  That's what I'd like to see. A movie that doesn't pander to the NPR totebag crowds shuttling edamame home to their mud-compact homes in V-4 Saabs. One that has an answer every time the SUV-driving, fried-children-eating, baby-seal-beating Republicans say "But what about ..." Instead we get a movie meant to make liberals feel good about themselves.  Now if I hear one more jackass say "Everyone should see this movie," I'm gonna kick him (or her) in the nuts. What they mean is, "Everyone should see this because I'm right and you should be forced to agree with me. Oh yeah, and I'm an asshole." Sure, everyone should see this, and everyone should read Bill O'Reilly's books too. You're a pompous ass if you think everyone should see it just because its what you believe. Only people who want to should see it. And they should see it as part of a much larger curriculum. You should know enough to make up your own mind, not let Michael Moore do it for you. 	   Mind you, this is someone who  agrees  with Moore and Gitlin and Krugman about Bush. But he's honest enough to call a charade a charade and report that it doesn't help his cause and may hurt it. Sometimes the man who grabs the most attention for a faction is more interested in the attention than in the fight. Yeats wrote a whole poem about the wise leader who won't put his cause about the honest values that sustain it -- a whole poem of two lines:    Parnell came down the road, he said to a cheering man: 'Ireland shall get her freedom and you still break stone.'    Filthy'd probably have to stop writing "fuck" if he wanted to make the  New York Times  op-ed page, but I'd sure rather read his brand of honest analysis than what's there today. 
     
    


	 
      Dave Kopel of the Independence Institute has tallied  urlLink  fifty nine (and counting) "Deceits in Farenheit 9/11."    Reading this made me think of faggots, and of Boss Tweed.  OK, I'll back up. One of my online lives is as keeper of a dictionary of etymologies -- word origins. Which means a good deal of my online time is spent tilting at the false etymologies people embrace (e.g. "golf is an acronym for 'gentlemen only; ladies forbidden' "). I also correspond with fellow word mavens, and we often lament the persistence of these false memes.  One of my current correspondents, a delightful fellow names Frank, shared a few juicy stories about the linguistic  faux pas  of some prominent academics. Shocked? Hardly. I've had my faith in academe shattered so many times I've stopped counting.  There's a lamentable tendency in the university set to cling to a beloved false etymology because it provides just the perfect detail to illustrate the world-view being advanced. I can understand that tendency in average folks (like me). I just learned that the "Mama Cass choked to death on a chicken sandwich" factoid is a false meme. I was crushed. But it seems to me that academics, of all people, ought to be committed to rigorous inquiry after true origins, rather than blind clinging to the paps of false idols.  One of the disputes this dictionary brought down on me was from professors and students in the "sex and gender studies" departments, who insist that  faggot  meaning "homosexual male" and  faggot  meaning "bundle of sticks used to light a fire" are the same word, and this reflects the medieval (or whatever age) abhorrence of homosexuality, via the phrase "throw another faggot on the fire."  As short as I can make it, the  faggot  that meant "bundle of twigs bound up" is a 13th century word that came to English with the Norman-French, and it ultimately comes from Latin  fascis  "bundle of wood" (which is also, interestingly, the root of  fascist ). During the Reformation (16th century) faggots were used in burning heretics so often that phrase  fire and faggot  was used to mean "punishment of a heretic." Heretics who recanted were required to wear an embroidered figure of a faggot on their sleeve, as an emblem and reminder of what they deserved.  Fast-forward from 16th century to 20th. The  faggot  that means "male homosexual" only goes back to 1914, and first appears in American slang (the shortened form  fag  is from 1921). It probably was extended from a contemptuous slang term for "a woman," especially an old and unpleasant one, which is a reference to  faggot  in the "bundle of sticks" sense, as something awkward that has to be carried (cf. "baggage," as slang for "wife"). D.H. Lawrence and James Joyce, among others in the last century, used "faggot" in this "old woman" sense around the same time it was emerging as a slang term for "gay man."  [It may also have been reinforced by Yiddish  faygele  "homosexual," literally "little bird." It also may have roots in British public school slang  fag  "a junior who does certain duties for a senior" (1785), with suggestions of "catamite," which comes from the verb  fag,  meaning "to become tired," which seems to be an alteration of  flag. ]  However, the statement that male homosexuals were called  faggots  in reference to their being burned at the stake is an etymological urban legend. Burning was sometimes a punishment meted out to homosexuals in Christian Europe (on the suggestion of the Biblical fate of Sodom and Gomorah), but in England, where parliament had made homosexuality a capital offense in 1533, hanging was the method proscribed.  Furthermore, any use of  faggot  in connection with public executions had long become an English historical obscurity by the time the word began to be used for "male homosexual" in 20th century American slang, whereas the contemptuous slang word for "woman" (and the other possible sources or influences listed here) was in active use.  Yet the connection seemed to be the hinge-point of so many sociology lectures and published papers that its adherents would not give it up. And unlike other people who write to me about such things, the academics were snippy in the extreme. They immediately pulled rank on me. "I have a doctorate, I teach. What qualification do you have to contradict me?" Well, a doctorate in gender studies no more qualifies you to do etymology than a plumbers' certificate does.  It reminded me of the AOL Civil War message board where I used to participate. One day, a "professor" showed up and tried to silence his opponent (in this case, me) by demanding to know where I had done my graduate studies an where I had been published. Someone else politely informed him that he wouldn't automatically win arguments because of a sheepskin framed on his wall, but if he could muster some facts and present a cogent argument, he would get due credit. Needless to say, the professor vanished after that. His chaser was a man who drives truck for a living and knows more about many aspects of the Civil War than anyone I know.  So in the dispute with the  faggot  people, here was a second-rate copy editor in a small-town newspaper teaching graduate students and professors how to think critically about the evidence in front of them. It says a lot about the modern university, I suppose. Certainly it illustrates while I bailed out of higher education after just four years of college. So many of its arguments are built on shadows and innuendos of association.  Which may be why Michael Moore and the college professors seem to agree with one another so well.  Yet it just falls apart, because the factoids the lecturer or filmmaker is stitching together turn out to not exist. The thread is rotten. And the clothes have no king.  Todd Gitlin, in  urlLink  an essentially laudatory review of Moore's movie and his role in the modern American political landscape,   actually puts his finger on this quality:   He’s an entertainer (when it suits him) whose brush is so broad, at times, as to coat all evidence and logic with bursts of sensational color. His chief method is the insinuating juxtaposition. Presto, proof by association.  Fahrenheit 9/11,  his election year release, is like a beer commercial. When you see the gorgeous women drinking the beer, the subterranean layer of your cortex is supposed to think: if I drink, I get. This deep layer is protected by the more deliberate thought: hey, it’s all in good fun. Bush–haters can say,  I knew it!  Moore can say,  I don’t do proofs, I do provocations.     Gitlin himself is a '60s student protest veteran and a professor -- of journalism and sociology, of course -- at Columbia University. Despite the beer commercial metaphor (because we're all so much cleverer than those beer-swilling Red State denizens), I wonder if his ability to recognize Moore's intellectual chicanery is not an accident. Gitlin concludes:   Moore is the master demagogue an age of demagoguery made. He’s an impresario of spectacle and he corrals people who don’t pay attention to news to pay attention to him and his facts, his footage, his badinage, his sarcasm, his factoid detonations, all of it, indiscriminately, smashing up the complacency that watched George Bush seize power in the most powerful nation in history.   And so Gitlin, eyes wide closed, annoints Moore as the "most compelling, useful filmmaker of the 21st century." Demagogues, and their allies, know the virtue of getting people to look at the right manipulated images. They always have.       It reminds me, in reverse, of a story from the movement to overthrow the corrupt Tweed Ring in New York City government. On July 22, 1871, the New York Times began publishing an exposé of the Tweed Ring's activities. Harper's Weekly illustrator Thomas Nast did his part with cartoons lambasting Tweed, in dead-on caricatures portraying him as a vulture feeding on the public. "Let's stop them damned pictures," the Boss supposedly said, "I don't care so much what the papers write about —- my constituents can't read —- but damn it, they can see pictures."	
     
    


	 
      At last, a Hollywood star I won't have to enjoy only after deliberately erasing all the mindless anti-war mumbo jumbo quotes. And of all people it's Rebecca Romijn-Stamos, who comes off as rather witty in  urlLink  this article.   Now, she doesn't say she supports the war or anything. She doesn't have to to win my respect. She actually went there and saw real people (unlike, it seems, many of the journalists who pretend to cover Iraq). And though she had her deeply held views about the U.S. military, she adjusted her politics to the reality, not the other way around.   Staunchly anti-war, Romijn-Stamos said the visit had been a real eye-opener and it seemed to have given her a slightly different perspective on life.  "It was unbelievable and I'll never forget it," she said. "I grew up in Berkeley, California, which is the most liberal, left-leaning place you could ever find and I had zero contact with our military.  "So I had a pre-conceived notion they would all be rednecks who were only there because their daddies had been in the army. But I was wrong and I met the most amazing people over there.  "It was 130 degrees [Fahrenheit] and they were walking around in full fatigues and we'd get there to find out they'd been waiting in that heat for three or four hours. And they had so much perspective on it, they were really deep and smart and had a lot of opinions."   That's all I'd ask of anyone who claims to be against, against, against. Go and see, or find a real view.      Besides, she's easier on the eyes than Michael Moore.  [ Update, July 7 ] Note to other Hollywood types: take a tip from this athlete. American tennis star Andy Roddick, pestered with leading questions by a reporter from  Der Spiegel,  gives the right answer. Just because you're a movie star/jock, doesn't mean you know anything.  SPIEGEL ONLINE:  What about the war?    RODDICK: What's that supposed to mean?  SPIEGEL ONLINE:  What do you think about the Iraq war? A mistake?   RODDICK: One of my best childhood buddies is fighting down there, and of course I hope he comes out of it OK. Listen, it's not my job to make comments about that. As an American, naturally, I support my country. Some things I agree with, others I don't. Thank God I'm not the one who has to make the decisions there. I don't know enough about the whole situation to pass judgment on it.
     
    


	 
      The London-based daily Al-Sharq Al-Awsat on June 24 published an article titled "The Death of 300,000 People." It was written by the paper's former editor, Abd Al-Rahman Al-Rashed, and it decried the Arab media's indifference to the violence in Sudan.   "They are not the victims of Israeli or American aggression; therefore, they are not an issue for concern. This is how an approach of indifference towards others outside the circle of conflict with foreigners, and of permitting their murder, is spread as you read and write about the Darfur crisis and consider it an artificial issue, or one unworthy of world protest.   "Is the life of 1,000 people in western Sudan less valuable, or is a single killed Palestinian or Iraqi of greater importance, merely because the enemy is Israeli or American? According to estimates by U.N. delegations inspecting what is happening in the [Darfur] region, 300,000 Sudanese are in danger of liquidation because of the ongoing war there.    Here is the piece,  urlLink  courtesy of MEMRI.   It's a rare instance of an Islamic voice decrying the Arab militias that have perpetrated the genocide.
     
    


	 
      Observers nowadays talk about "hard power" and "soft power," a dichotomy popularized by by Joseph S. Nye Jr.'s book, "The Paradox of American Power."  Hard power is the kind that blasts through the roof and dismantles Saddam's Iraq or an al Qaida training camp in Afghanistan. Americans like to think of ourselves as good at that. Soft power is diplomacy. It coaxes and coerces, and draws economic nooses around dangerous enemies. Europeans like to think of themselves as experts in that.  Both are needed in the ongoing war against Islamist terror. But I think we need to acknowledge a third force, or a third front -- call it "smart power."  Consider this critique of modern Western culture:   "Any objectives other than the immediate utilitarian ones are by-passed, and any human element other than ego is not recognized. While the whole of life is dominated by such materialism, there is no scope for laws beyond provisions for labor and production."   Ted Hughes or Jimmy Carter might have written that. Any number of best-selling pop psychologists could sign off on it.  But it wasn't any of them. The quote is from the works of Sayyid Qutb, the mid-20th century Egyptian scholar who profoundly influenced Osama Bin Laden. Karen Armstrong calls him "the founder of Sunni fundamentalism."  We can answer the suicide bombers of 9-11 with military might, and we can use diplomacy to contain Syria or Iran. But we must also answer the critiques of the intellectual founders of modern Islamist fundamentalism. Because, while a terrorist with a bomb pack may be beyond argument, the tradition that breeds him is based on sane, if twisted or imperfect, views of man and God and life.  Bin Laden is not much of an original thinker. He cribs from Qutb, who himself was influenced by Pakistani Abul Ala Mawdudi, who espoused a militant vision of Islam centered on jihad against Western influences.  These men were not cave-dwellers, ignorant of the wider world. As a young man, Qutb was enamored of English literature. He was educated in modern reason and science, and for many years he reconciled his deep Muslim faith with his enthusiasm for secular politics and Western culture. But he was disillusioned in the '40s by British and French colonialism in North Africa and the Middle East, and by the rise of Zionism. A period of study in the U.S. deepened his disillusionment, which was completed by a spell in prison under Nasser.  As a result, his thinking and writing reached the point where he identified the West (and the corrupted though nominally Islamic Middle Eastern regimes) with the  jahili  ("ignorant") pagan societies of Mecca that Muhammad had fought in a death-battle. Much of the Quran is a call to battle against these forces. It is the Muslim's ultimate duty, if the Quran is read without a sense of its historical context. Between Mawdudi and Qutb, on the one hand, and the terror-killers of 9/11 is just a short step. Bin Laden happened to fill it; others could have done as much.  Who will answer the critique these men leveled against the secular West? This ought to be the work of our universities, where the finest products of Western culture traditionally concentrate. But these have been taken over by an anti-Western spirit that values only the questioning and doubting qualities of modern humanism, without its essential faiths and creative, positive belief in itself. Today, if you want a vituperative screed against Western literature, science, politics, culture, and values, you go to a university. Where do you go for a defense of them?  In fact, a major challenge in the Islamist intellectual and spiritual critique of the West is that much of it is echoed in the West.   "Humanity today is living in a large brothel! One has only to glance at its press, films, fashion shows, beauty contests, ballrooms, wine bars, and broadcasting stations! Or observe its mad lust for naked flesh, provocative postures, and sick, suggestive statements in literature, the arts and the mass media! And add to all this, the system of usury which fuels man's voracity for money and engenders vile methods for its accumulation and investment, in addition to fraud, trickery, and blackmail dressed up in the garb of law."   Qutb again. Billy Graham her could sign on to the first half of that. Michael Moore would agree with the economic critique. A liberal Mennonite probably would approve of both.  The conservative American thinker Dinesh D'Souza has  urlLink  an interesting piece in the San Francisco Chronicle   about this third front in the battle against Islamist extremism. He sees that, like the Jesuits of old, the modern defenders of Western culture can concede much, and still triumph in their debates.   Let us concede at the outset that freedom will often be used badly in a free society. Freedom by definition includes freedom to do good or evil, to act nobly or basely. Given the warped timber of humanity, freedom becomes the forum for the expression of human flaws and weaknesses. On this point, Qutb and his fundamentalist followers are quite correct.   But if freedom brings out the worst in people, it also brings out the best. The millions of Americans who live decent, praiseworthy lives deserve our highest admiration because they have opted for the good when the good is not the only available option. Even amid the temptations that a rich and free society offers, they have remained on the straight path. Their virtue has special luster because it is freely chosen.   By contrast, the theocratic and authoritarian society that Islamic fundamentalists advocate undermines the possibility of virtue. If the supply of virtue is insufficient in free societies, it is almost nonexistent in Islamic societies because coerced virtues are not virtues at all.    Which is quite as true of non-Islamic societies where the law governs all human behaviors. The historian William H. Prescott, in 1847, after describing such a society in the Inca empire, wrote, "Where there is no free agency, there can be no morality. Where there is no temptation, there can be little claim to virtue. Where the routine is rigorously proscribed by law, the law, and not the man, must have the credit of the conduct."  ["History of the Conquest of Peru"]   Reports from fundamentalist-dominated Fallujah tell of barbaric cruelties committed by the jihadis, and the 9/11 hijackers spent their last nights in strip clubs and booze halls. As the Greeks discovered to their dismay, the coerced virtues of the Spartans fell apart utterly when they became masters in other lands.  D'Souza doesn't say so in as many words, but he suggests the argument could be carried forth by the people of faith in the West.   This is the argument that Americans should make to people in the Islamic world. It is a mistake to presume that Muslims would be totally unreceptive to it. Islam, which has common roots with Judaism and Christianity, respects the autonomy of the individual soul. Salvation for Muslims, no less than for Jews and Christians, is based on the soul choosing freely to follow God.   We can make the case to Muslims that freedom is not a secular invention. Rather, freedom is a gift from God.   It might work. And gods know you're not going to hear that argument out of the universities.
     
    


	 
      I'm a little late with this June 29 piece (I was on vacation last week), but  urlLink  Eric M. Johnson   has a fine critique of the WaPo's Iraq coverage. The Post is one of the handful of Big Media outlets that drive the total U.S. coverage of that war, by having an actual staff in Iraq. Smaller papers buy its stories to supplement the AP's, because they have no eyes and ears of their own in Iraq.  Not that it matters that the Post has anyone in the country. Military men and women coming back say they don't recognize Iraq when they read about it in newspapers like the Post. As I suspected, these "reporters" rarely venture out of the safe zones and their editors have an overwhelmingly negative bias about the U.S. effort there. This badly warps the paper's coverage, because the stories are either seeking out bad news or being willfully out of touch with the daily realities of most Iraqis.   Don't take my word for it that the Post’s reporting is substandard and superficial. Take the word of Philip Bennett, the Post's assistant managing editor for foreign news. In a surprisingly candid June 6 piece, he admits that "the threat of violence has distanced us from Iraqis." Further, "we have relied on Iraqi stringers filing by telephone to our correspondents in Baghdad, and on embedding with the military. The stringers are not professional journalists, and their reports are heavy on the simplest direct observation." Translation: we are reprinting things from people we barely know, from a safe location dozens of miles away from the fighting.   Bennett flatly concedes that they have a “dim picture” of what is happening in Iraq, (not that you would know it from the actual news articles he approves for publication.) "The people of Iraq...are leading their country, and ours, down an uncertain path. This is a story waiting to be told."   Waiting to be told? They have four or five full-time reporters there at any given time. What are they doing, if they're not telling the story of Iraq's new birth?   Bennett might have added that not only are the reporters "distanced" from Iraqis, they're distanced from Iraq itself. Covering it from Baghdad is like covering California from a secure bunker in south-central Los Angeles. Sure, a lot happens in L.A., but you're going to miss important things if you don't go to San Diego or San Francisco, or even Bakersfield once in a while.    
     
    


	 
      We had a lovely Fourth. Alaskan salmon on the grill, fireworks downtown, and a tiki torch, which was Luke's dream come true. Unless you're a 13-year-old boy, you can't imagine how cool a tiki torch in your back yard is.  Along the way, we found time to talk about those people back in 1776 and what a brave risk they took and what they were probably thinking when they did it. They could never have imagined the way we live today. But that doesn't matter, because the difference between them and so many rebels, past and present, is that ours did not want to lock their descendants into one pattern of life. They wanted to give us a free and open field to wake up to every morning, with the chance to make something of it every day.  Driving through town, I've seen this bumper sticker (on a big, expensive, gas-guzzling van, of course):  "I don't have to like Bush to love my country."   Of course you don't. But your bumper sticker still only tells me what you  don't  like about the place where you live and work and drive and express yourself. It doesn't tell me whether you do love it, or if so, what you love about it.  And I suspect that question, if I put it to you, would be an awkward one.  No, you don't have to like Bush to love America. But certainly if you hate America, any projection of its power and idealism, as embodied in what Bush is trying to do in Iraq, is going to rouse you to fury. Which is why an irrational frothing rage at the current president is often a good indicator of some serious anti-Americanism. To the point where people feel compelled to deflect attention from it by a bumper-sticker.  It reminds me of a sign that was posted during the anti-American protests at this year's D-Day commemoration in France: "We love Americans, we just hate Bush." Which immediately runs into the logical problem that Bush is an American. So it seems that the position being expressed is, "we love Americans who think and act the way we want them to think and act, and we hate those who don't." Which would be an honest expression, but it should hardly serve as a reassuring example of trans-Atlantic fellowship.  Writing the post below, about U.S. dependence on foreign oil, I realized that my family and peers will tolerate me only if I periodically say something negative about the U.S., or Bush. It's not difficult to find qualities in either of them that I regard as serious flaws. But this seems to be a test case for these people. It reassures them.   I wish the common ground didn't have to be some condemnation of America, but it seems to be the token demanded by anti-war people to even consider you as a human being. What if the test was, "Tell me something you love about America." I somehow foresee a long hemming and hawing, followed by, "I'm proud to live in a country where I can  send George Bush back to his ranch in Texas in November! "  Knowing only what you're against, not being "for" anything; knowing only that you hate, not being able to love what nourished you. Yasmin Alibhai-Brown, the anti-war British commentator, is more readable than most of that tribe. She is articulate and passionate and sometimes she actually thinks about things before she writes them. Recently she caught a glimpse of that abyss. "The past months have been challenging for us in the anti-war camp. I am ashamed to admit that there have been times when I wanted more chaos, more shocks, more disorder to teach our side a lesson. On Monday I found myself again hoping that this handover proves a failure because it has been orchestrated by the Americans. The decent people of Iraq need optimism now, not my distasteful ill-wishes for the only hope they have for a future."
     
    


	 
      My anti-war relatives and friends and I agree on one thing: America is weakened by its dependence on foreign oil.  Our moral case for overthrowing religious fundamentalists and sadistic dictators in the Middle East and South Asia is open to an attack from those who say we're just a nation of oil-junkies trying to insure a pipeline to our fix. Our political and military power itself is based in too large part on the unreliable and false friends who happen to own land atop the world's oil reserves. Those supertankers that ply the high seas from the Persian Gulf to New York are slow Trojan horses.  So, after disgreeing on nearly everything else, my friends and family and I usually end up restoring civility by finding the common ground of decrying American dependence on oil.  Gods know, it frustrates me, as one who thinks we should take this war, and this threat, as seriously as we took Hitler and Japan in 1941. Yet instead of gas rationing, I see my next-door neighbors, a family of five, with five cars parked in the lot and never more than one person in a car at a time when it pulls out. At my girlfriend's apartment complex, an air conditioner has been running non-stop for weeks now -- in an empty apartment.  One of the phrases I've heard, and seen in print, is "a new Manhattan Project." As in, "we need a new Manhattan Project to develop a new energy source." I wish it could be that simple. But ordering up a new technology, even if price is no object, is unlikely to succeed.  There must be a foundation of knowledge before a new technology can be erected. And this work of foundation-building often is done by men or women working on the fringes of science, untangling mental knots out of sheer intellectual curiosity with no practical aim in sight. They are hardly the kind of people who would be appointed to high-profile government-sponsored committees. They usually don't work well on committees at all. And their work is the kind that's a sitting duck for Congressional yowls about "waste of taxpayers' money."  For instance, the original Manhattan Project grew out of the theories of Albert Einstein. When he did this work, he was a young Swiss citizen with an undistinguished academic record, who had failed to find a teaching job and instead accepted a position as technical assistant in the Patent Office in Bern. How likely would Congress, in 1905 or today, be to grant money to an uninspiring Swiss Jew who wants to use it to support himself while he imagines what the world would look like if he rode on a beam of light?  The Manhattan Project came about because scientific developments had reached a point where a concentrated effort to produce a fission "atomic" bomb was likely to yield a practical result. That's when Einstein, Teller, and Szilard gathered in July 1939 on Long Island and wrote to Roosevelt. But ultimately, it was nothing more than a practical application of what began with the work of the obscure patent clerk in Bern.   Carl Sagan, as part of  "The Demon-Haunted World,"  wrote a digression into imaginary history. He wonders what would have happened if Queen Victoria in 1860 had sought some medium to communicate words, sounds, and pictures throughout her far-flung empire. She would have called together the most prominent men of science in the land, and they probably would have tried to develop something based on the telegraph, which was then the height of technology.  Then he describes J. Clerk "Dafty" Maxwell, the socially inept man who would in fact develop the equations that lead to radio and television. He makes it all too clear that Maxwell never would have come to the attention of Victoria's committee-choosers of 1860, much less been offered a seat at the table. And if he had been, it likely would have deflected his research and rumination down an unproductive path.   "Maxwell wasn't thinking of radio, radar, and television when he first scratched out the fundamental equations of electromagnetism; Newton wasn't dreaming of space flight or communications satellites when he first understood the motion of the Moon. Roentgen wasn't contemplating medical diagnosis when he investigated a penetrating radiation so mysterious he called it 'X-rays'; Curie wasn't thinking of cancer therapy when she painstakingly extracted minute amounts of radium from tons of pitchblende; Fleming wasn't planning on saving the lives of millions with antibiotics when he noticed a circle free of bacteria around a growth of mold; Watson and Crick weren't imagining the cure of genetic diseases when they puzzled over the X-ray diffractometry of DNA ...."   If the next energy breakthrough happens in our lifetimes, don't look for it from a New Manhattan Project. Such an effort would be useful for turning a breakthrough discovery to practical use. But getting there will require a first step of imaginative genius, probably from a mind you wouldn't suspect. For the U.S. to support that, it would have to be willing to pitch money into open-ended research by intellectually curious Poindexters who can offer no practical justification for their staring at the stars.
     
    


	 
       urlLink  That "Onion" story:     WICHITA, KS — Delivering the central speech of his 10-day "Solution For America" bus campaign tour Monday, Democratic presidential nominee Sen. John Kerry outlined his one-point plan for a better America: the removal of George W. Bush from the White House.  "If I am elected in November, no inner-city child will have to live in an America where George Bush is president," Kerry said, addressing a packed Maize High School auditorium. "No senior citizen will lie awake at night, worrying about whether George Bush is still the chief executive of this country. And no American—regardless of gender, regardless of class, regardless of race—will be represented by George Bush in the world community."  
     
    


	 
       [ From Katrina, currently in Iraq, doing contractual oversight work, including billing reviews, for a U.S. contractor rebuilding Iraqi water, oil, electrical, and irrigation systems at waterside facilities and branch systems. ]   Take for instance  urlLink  this delectable write up from the Wall Street Journal on Halliburton.    Now, I know what it actually means. I've got plenty to do on behalf of the government and Halliburton down the line. But so does Halliburton, and for that matter, the Pentagon. I love 'em, but of everyone involved here, the DOD is the most notorious for not having their ducks in a row. That means that their own internal structure is horribly slow in reporting their own contracts and change orders.  The military just moves, expects everyone to respond immediately, then two years later gets around to making a note of their own changes to their own bean counters. Throw in associated work from other US agencies and you've got even more to deal with. The reason doing business with them is so difficult, is because you're basically doing half of their work for them. So while I expect some cost overruns to be declined, I firmly expect the majority of charges to be eventually accepted.  I must compliment the Journal on at least working some detail into the story, though judging from their own words, the emphasis was mostly on getting a story first. What is going unmentioned though, is perhaps the most important part of the whole story. While much is made of KBR's estimating, the reporter fails to point out what cost basis the Pentagon is comparing KBR's estimates to. In fact, the primary source for these costs comes from KBR itself.  Pentagon audits for most projects largely consist of producing pricing estimates from other suppliers after the fact and then comparing them to those actually used. This would be a little like purchasing a car from an automotive dealership based on his price quote, taking delivery, then returning to the dealership later and refusing to complete payments because you saw the same car at another dealer for less, and blaming it on the dealer. Strange, but this is exactly how it works.  The Pentagon doesn't have to delve into why one supplier costs less than another, or even if the cheaper one could have actually delivered the product as specified. The burden for that falls on the contractor. It's a little like going to court to get paid, and is one of the reasons why most companies don't, and won't do business with the US government. The money is good enough. But you're saddled with more than just the normal expenses of running your own company. You're running part of the government as well, and you're supposed to be doing that part for nothing. (Which is exactly why people hire the company I work for)  On the good side of things, Halliburton is a much better-run ship than is the US government. On the bad side, the complexity of the contractual relationships within various departments of the US government, Halliburton, its subsidiaries, and assorted contractors, as well as newly created contractual agreements modifying those created during the term of the Coalition government, mean that details will take substantial time to work out.  The point is, Halliburton = Cheney, so Halliburton + money question = great political pile-of-doo story.  
     
    


	 
       [ From Katrina, currently in Iraq, doing contractual oversight work for a U.S. contractor rebuilding Iraqi water, oil, electrical, and irrigation systems at waterside facilities and branch systems, mostly in the Shi'ite area. ]   It strikes me that some people in the U.S. find some great separation between the persons who might be labled Al Qaida, insurrgents in say, Fallujah, and those who call themselves the Mahdi Army. The AP lables the later a "Shite Militia" rather correctly. But the fact is, there are several Shite Militias who are having nothing to do with the Mahdi or with Sadr, and have no desire whatsoever to mix it up with either the established Iraqi government troops or with the Coalition troops. Many, in fact, are helping to bolster security in out of the way areas where Coalition and Iraqi troops are unable to be.  Al Qaida recruits from Islamics who believe in the exact same principles that Sadr teaches. We're not speaking of an audience who has any love for or patience with any country carrying western beliefs or religions. Instead, we're speaking of people who are exceptionally prideful, completely impatient with anyone who doesn't follow their beliefs, and emotionally separated from any form of reality beyond their own strict Islamic principles. When Al Qaida wants to impress people to come to their support, they don't speak to all Iraqis, or Arabs, and definitely not to any westerners. They speak to other Islamic extremists, a term that completely suits Sadr and his followers, as well as the various scum holed up in Fallujah.  It is pride itself, and the mystic pull of place, that brings these idiots to pool themselves together in order to be slaughtered. Anyone who has missed this outstanding feature of all of the zealots simply hasn't been giving them sufficient thought. We don't have to have a huge plan, with many of them. We can simply wait for them to band together and display their pride through violence, and then wipe them off the face of the Earth, if they insist upon it.  No, we don't want their message to resonate, though it certainly could. But those with whom it would resonate the most already think much like them. These fence sitters could go over the edge for any number of reasons. But they could also be completely repulsed by the outright violence and stupidity of those who they would otherwise glorify. And regardless of which way they ultimately decide to turn, every one of those who has chosen to kill infidels and ends up face down in the sand turning cold is one less that Al Qaida can reach out to in the future when they want to kill off a few hundred or thousand infidels.  I'm in favor of killing every one of the prideful little bastards wherever they chose to congregate. And I'm here to show as much as possible of just how much better things can be if the pride and stupidity thing gets dropped and they decide the rest of the world has a right to live, too.  What are we doing? We're doing every trick in the book to try to find the people who want to do us and average Iraqis harm, and eradicate them, while trying to make a civil life look more appealing. That's pretty much what you do in this type of situation, unless you've got a better solution. 
     
    


	 
        [ From Katrina, currently in Iraq, doing contractual oversight work for a U.S. contractor rebuilding Iraqi water, oil, electrical, and irrigation systems at waterside facilities and branch systems, mostly in the Shi'ite area. ]   Sadr and his thugs will be finished by Iraqis, not American troops, including many of those who have previously been guarding jobsites in the area, and aren't really trained for the work. It might be a bloody affair, but it's really something that Iraqis need to do for themselves. Sadr has followers, undoubtedly. But he stands in the way of a new Iraq that the majority of Iraqis want. Extremists worldwide may call him a martyr. But for the average Iraqi, he's a violent thorn that provokes violence and stands in the way of peace and prosperity. The primary question for Iraqis is and has been, can they build a new Iraq. They all want it, but what kind of Iraq will it be. Sadr promises violence.  Some people in the U.S. seem to be impressed because a neighborhood protests or erupts, or a thousand or so protest in the south. They don't consider the hundreds of thousands who don't, and basically stay inside hoping it will all be over soon. 
     
    


	 
      Frances Fitzgerald, in last weekend's "Washington Post,"  urlLink  writes a review of "History Lessons,"   a new book subtitled "How Textbooks from Around the World Portray U.S. History," by Dana Lindaman and Kyle Ward   FitzGerald is suited to the job; she's probably best known for "Fire in the Lake: The Vietnamese and the Americans in Vietnam," but she also wrote "America Revised," a look at 20th century U.S. history books, which I've used in my research.  Lindaman and Ward compiled excerpts, mostly pertaining to the United States, from history textbooks in other  nations -- From Canada and France to Zimbabwe and North Korea. Not surprisingly, they sometimes do better than U.S. history books   "U.S. texts describe the French and Indian War as a purely American conflict, but British and French texts show the war to be a mere incident in the ongoing struggle between the two European empires. Too, the thoughtful and nationally self-critical Nigerian account of the Atlantic slave trade paints American slavery against a much larger canvas."   But not always.   "[M]uch in this collection would startle not only American high school students but many of their teachers as well. In addition, while this is not its purpose, the book, taken as a whole, explains rather better than the punditry mills why many countries, particularly those once known as 'the Allies,' take such a dim view of the United States. "   FitzGerald explains:   "Most [textbooks] reflect public attitudes; all help to create those attitudes because they are the most widely read histories in each country, and because kids read them during the formative adolescent years. What students remember from their reading is not, of course, so clear. ... Still the texts have an authority that books by individual historians lack, for, even in the best school systems, teachers, in their desperate attempt to drum in a few names and dates, rarely question their points of view, and students hazily come to regard what they read as the truth."    She lists some of the examples from the book; a few are predictable, but others seem to portray an America almost unrecognizable to a native who has studied its history (me). I have a translated U.S. history text from the old Soviet Union, circa 1969, that my friends and I used to look over for laughs. But some of what's being taught around the world today, it seems, is hardly an improvement. And the nearest neighbor can be the worst offender.   "In few countries are the texts so consistently critical of the United States as they are in Canada, but in a couple of cases the rhetoric is alarming. For national security purposes, we should have read Saudi textbooks years ago, for even while Saudi diplomats were cooing to American officials, Saudi students were reading rants about 'Crusader' and 'Neo-imperialist' attacks on Islam.    
     
    


	 
      ABC News has a  urlLink  political faux blog   called "The Note." In it, Wednesday, they listed some "realities" of the coming election. Among them was:    Forget the fact that that we still can't find a single American who voted for Al Gore in 2000 who is planning to vote for George Bush in 2004. (If you are that elusive figure, e-mail us and tell us who you are and why: politicalunit@abcnews.com.)   	 Evidently, I'm an elusive figure. I wrote to them tonight. Here's what I said:   Is it true you can't find anyone who voted for Gore in 2000 and is likely to vote for Bush in 2004? OK, count me as one.  I live in Pennsylvania. I became a registered Republican about 10 years ago, without much enthusiasm for the party. But in this part of the world, even if space aliens kidnapped three out of every four Republicans on the eve of the next election, the GOP still would win. The contests are decided in the primaries; it's fiscal GOP vs. Bible-thumping GOP in these parts, and if you want to participate, you become a Republican. I joined the GOP so I could have the pleasure of voting against the extremist candidates twice a year.  I thought 2000 was an instance of the two-party system at its most inept. I began as a McCain supporter. Once the nominations were made, I felt little enthusiasm for either candidate, but I had a positive contempt for Bush's ignorance, his social conservative agenda, and the general way that he ran his campaign. Al Gore did nothing at all to inspire me, however, and I was planning to vote for Nader until about a day before the election, when my then-girlfriend reasoned me out of it. I voted for Gore.  What happened between now and then? Let me see if I can find the right words:  Sept. 11, 2001.  Bush still doesn't rate a lot of respect from me. I thought he handled himself poorely on that horrible day (Giuliani was my hero). He's grown, albeit slowly, since then. But he has certain qualities, a moral clarity, if you will, that make him better suited to being a war leader than he would have been in peacetime.  America is two nations today -- not the two that John Edwards sees. One nation believes we are in a very serious war with a very dangerous enemy. Islamist terrorists have the potential to make mayhem that Hitler could only dream and Khrushchev dared not try.  The other America? I'm hesitant to say what they think, but if I had to guess, it would be that Sept. 11 was a one-off event, that the best response would be to ask ourselves what we did to deserve it, and to trust in the U.N. and the World Court to protect us from it ever happening again.  Mind you, that's not what John Kerry says. But it is what most of the people I know who back him might say. Really, they don't back  him.  There is no Democratic candidate in this election. There's an elemental force of Bush-hatred, like a spirit-monster out of "Lord of the Rings," that, in accord with the laws of the U.S. electoral process, has to assume a human form and take a human name.  I don't object to John Kerry. I think we'd survive his presidency. In many domestic issues, I think he might do better than Bush. On the other hand, if he wants my vote, he has yet to tell me the things I need to hear that would indicate to me he understand the gravity of the threat from Islamofascism, or the importance of finishing the work that, agree with it or not, we have begun in Iraq. And I doubt I ever will hear those things from him.  But this election is not about Kerry. It's Michael Moore and Moveon.org and Democratic Underground. That's where you see the real face of it. I am utterly unwilling to see them become the kingmakers of America. Kerry won't repudiate them -- he can't; they're his base. Unless he does so, I'll be forced, like I was four years ago, to vote for a candidate who inspires little enthusiasm in me. Last time it wasn't George W. Bush. This time, it seems, it will be.  
     
    


	 
      The Greeks host the Olympics again. Ancient athletes raced and fought naked; the modern ones gathered now in Athens wear clothes advertising the official sponsors. The ancient Greeks, we are told, would be scandalized.  But athletic endorsements happen when athlete and clothing maker angle for a profit off each other. Each obeys the logic of economic individualism. And individualism is a Greek legacy -- an Athenian legacy -- to Western culture.  Individualism defines the West, both to Western and non-Western eyes. In a sociological analysis from 1989, of 50 countries, the top 20 scores in the "individualism" index included all the Western states except Portugal plus Israel.  Individualism is the dynamo that drives disparate expressions of Western culture, from eco-feminist performance art to plutocratic wealth-hoarding. Separation of church and state, the rule of law, social pluralism, representative government, all these hallmarks of Western civilization either define or protect the individual's autonomy from collective power. "Equal rights" is the most advanced expression of individualism. Not only do individuals have rights, the all have them alike, regardless of personal qualities.  These are the gifts we come bearing, like a combative Santa Claus, to non-Western civilizations that have been steeped in collective folkways for millenia. Individualism ranks high on the list of what is universalism to the West and imperialism to the rest.  Islam is communal. To it, American-style individualism looks amoral and unethical. This is true in other world cultures as well (Confucianism, for instance), but Islam presents a particular challenge to America at the moment. Islam is based from beginning to end on the idea of Unity ( tawhid ), both of God and the Islamic community ( ummah ). In sermons, speeches, and publications, radical, mainstream, and even Western Muslims reject American-style individualism as extreme and dangerous, and contrast it unfavorably to Islamic communalism.   "Islam's spirit dictates Muslim life in a way that Muslims are prepared even to die for others, rather to live selfishly for oneself. Here lies the root historic reason of Islam's lightning success of winning people's heart in its hey days. Self-centred nature and the concept of 'individualism' has very little to do in a caring and compassionate society. These are departures from basic human qualities and make a society avaricious and dangerously competitive. They are the features of materialistic societies where human beings vie with each other to endure and triumph." [from a British-based site,  urlLink  ummah.com  ]   There is no appropriate native word in Arabic or Persian to translate "individualism" (my Persian dictionary renders it with an awkward compound word that means literally "freedom of self").  An individualist need not be an egoist. The ancient Olympics lacked team sports.  Athletes strove for personal glory, but that glory was wrapped up in communal identity. The physical prizes awarded were symbolic: the winner of each event at the Isthmian games, for instance, got a crown of dry celery. The real prize was in the adulation of his home state. During triumphant celebrations of their return home, victors at the games were showered with honors and privileges. Their cities voted them free meals for the rest of their lives, or set up statues in their honor.  The whole concept of physical fitness, today such a vanity, was then a civic duty. Sparta was the extreme example, but even in Athens young men and old men spent a good deal of their waking hours at the gyms. His strength was the state's: Every Athenian man under 60 could be called up for military service at a moment's notice, as a hoplite or a marine or an oarsman.  In ancient Greek culture the extended family was the basic unit of society and civic morality was tied to kinship. It was the genius of Athens eventually to break this in the name of individualism. "[T]he liberation of the individual from the bonds of clan and family is one of the major achievements of Greek rationalism, and one for which the credit must go to Athenian democracy." [E.R. Dodds].  Athens had its own recurring athletic festival -- the Panathenaea. No crown of celery for the winners at the Panathenaea games: lavish awards were handed out to the top five finishers in every contest. The winner of the boys' footrace, for instance, got jars containing 1,944 liters of olive oil -- a small fortune at the time. Even at the Olympics, Athenians injected an element of individualism that other Greeks found vulgar. In 416 B.C. Alcibiades, the brilliant and scheming Athenian aristocrat, personally entered seven chariots in the Olympics and took first, second and fourth prizes, "winning, as he claimed, glory for his city, but also popularity and prestige for himself." [Bernard Knox]  The tension between individualism and communalism probably is as deep as human nature. Each culture finds its balance. In some -- medieval Europe and Islam -- the collective ethos prevails. In others -- ancient Athens, modern America -- individualism rules.  The birth of modern individualism coincides almost exactly with the rediscovery of classical Greek (mainly Athenian) civilization in the Renaissance. Petrarch, in the 14th century, decided to climb a mountain for the sheer personal gratification of getting to the top --    To-day I made the ascent of the highest mountain in this region, which is not improperly called Ventosum. My only motive was the wish to see what so great an elevation had to offer     -- and some people say that "humanism" began on that day (though men had climbed mountains before and it's not at all clear Petrarch was much of a humanist). Since then, Westerners have circled the globe, scouting out the highest mountains and getting to the top of them (or dying in the attempt). Locals in the Andes or the Himalayas could have done that. Perhaps some did, but they earned no immortal glory in their cultures for it. The drive to do something like that came from the individual Western mind's yen to be the first.  Individualism is a general Western quality, but it is taken to its extreme in America. Some immigrants came over as groups, in communities, but by and large the United States is a nation of people who defined themselves as individualists by the very act of pulling up their roots and crossing the ocean to a new world.  Hamilton and other founders in the 1780s fretted over this quality in the people. To these men, ancient Athens was an anti-model: reckless, mob-ruled, excessively democratic and perpetually at the mercy of the next Alcibiades. Their models were rather Sparta and the Roman republic. They sought to tutor young America in the classical public virtues: firmness, courage, endurance, industry, frugal living, strength, and unremitting devotion to the weal of the public's corporate self.  Yet there never was a Golden Age of classical virtues in America, unpolluted by greed. A force was afoot in America -- Renaissance humanism, honed by Enlightenment rationalism -- and it steeled the new nation with naked materialism and acquisitive individualism.  If the founders had not read Adam Smith and Bernard Mandeville directly, they were familiar with their ideas, filtered through popular writers and poets like Pope ("Essay on Man"). In this model, prosperity depended on free individuals acting freely in their self-interest. Greed is good. Self-interested individuals promote the interests of the whole society more effectively than they would if they really tried to promote it.    Millions endeavouring to supply Each other's  Lust and Vanity ... Thus every Part was full of Vice, Yet the whole Mass a Paradise.   [Mandeville, "The Fable of the Bees," 1705]   Smith put it more scientifically, but not less clearly.   It is not from the benevolence of the butcher, the brewer, or the baker that we expect our dinner, but from their regard to their own interest. We address ourselves, not to their humanity but to their self-love, and never talk to them of our own necessities but of their own advantages.   The individualist need not be an egoist -- but the egoist always is an individualist. DeTocqueville saw individualism as a peculiar vice of democracies. "Egoism sterilizes the seeds of every virtue; individualism at first only drains the springs of public virtues, but in the long run it attacks and destroys all the others too and finally merges into egoism."  America's great wars in the past century have been against collectivist societies that formed in revulsion against Western individualism -- Prussian militarism, Nazi fascism, and Soviet communism. These were imperfect secular expressions of the socialist ideal. Now the United States faces a more permanent, functional collective power in Islam.  Even where they seem to be alike, the two cultures differ. Both the United States and the Muslim  ummah  were slave-owning cultures, for instance. But under Islam, those who serve the faith, by scholarship or soldiering, enjoyed greater prestige than those who merely made money. Thus in Muslim lands there was no plantation system, no masses of agricultural slaves gathered for the sake of raising cash crops. Slaves in the  ummah  served as cooks, porters, concubines, soldiers. This hardly means Islam was kinder, of course: a slave is a slave, and being a eunuch in a harem or a family sex toy is hardly better than being a field hand.  The tension between individual and collective priorities drives much of the debate between "conservatives" and "liberals" in modern America and spikes it with venom. The split is hardly absolute. Many liberals are solid individualists, and certain modern conservatives, notably in the Russell Kirk school, believe unbridled free market individualism can be a disaster, destructive of those institutions that must be conserved.  But the identification of America's uniqueness in the world with its individualistic qualities made it easy for the anti-communists who battled collectivism in the Cold War to slip into battle with the extremists in the Islamic  ummah  when they attacked the U.S. Old foes with new faces. On the other side, the Lenins and the bin Ladens marked America as their enemy for the same reason. Bad enough, in the eyes of the Islamists, that we practice this decadence. Far worse that we export it into their holy space.  The running battle over individualism allows people in the West to swallow a certain illogic in their positions. Liberals, perhaps reflexively opposing an anti-collectivist U.S., align themselves as allies or apologists for the utterly il-liberal Taliban. And social conservatives wave the flag for relentless war on Islamist clerics whose critique of America's decadence is almost identical to that of the social conservatives.  Ultimately, though Bush is right, whether he knows it or not: rights, liberties, freedoms, are the things "they hate us for," because these things spring from the supremacy of the individual, above the collective or the communal, in American culture. 
     
    


	 
         (This was passed on to me by a colleague, it's from a friend of his, sent to a small group of Navy friends. I tend to not be too concerned with Kerry's military service: I'm more interested in what he'll do for the next four years, not what he did 30 years ago. Same goes for Bush. The wrangling over it spreads a lot of heat without casting much light. This, however, seemed worth putting on the record.)    After a tour in Viet Nam and upon discharge from the USN, I stayed in the Naval Reserve for a number of years. I didn't resign until after I started working for --- and realized that it would be impossible for me to take two weeks off every year.  In 1971 and 1972, the Viet Nam war was winding down. Elmo Zumwalt was Chief of Naval Operations. He'd previously been in charge of all the PBRs, (a.k.a. Swiftboats) in Viet Nam and he didn't want to see PBR technology and knowledge dumped. So he established a Naval Reserve PBR squadron at Mare Island in Vallejo. After spending two weeks there on an annual active duty gig in 1972, I transferred to the unit as a reservist. I had the good fortune to become a swiftboat captain. We ran the PBRs all over the northern half of San Francisco and San Pablo Bays. They're powerful boats, capable of moving from a dead stop to 30 knots in only 50 or 60 feet. Similarly, they could shift from 30 knots to a dead stop in the same distance.  Why do I bring this up? Since all but one of Kerry's peers from a picture taken in 1969 with him and 19 peer officers has come out and advised the world just how dishonorable that sonofabitch was, several left-wing pundits have announced with indignation that none of those other officers served on Kerry's boat. It's as if that means something. A squadron of PBRs moves together as a unit. At mealtime, PBRs pull to a riverbank and the crews eat together. During maneuvers, crews are talking with each other on the radio. When the crews get time to sleep, the PBRs go to a riverbank and the crews get together. On maneuvers, the boats are usually 100 meters to a mile apart. PBRs move around bays and rivers as a group most of the time. Boats are rarely out of sight of the other boats in the squadron. The point here is that any sailor or officer on one boat will get to know every sailor and officer on the other boats every bit as well as the crew on his own boat. The pundits suggest that, since none of the 18 officers who are pronouncing John Kerry as unfit to be C-in-C served on Kerry's boat, they didn't know him very well. That's bullshit. In a squadron with only dozens of men, everybody knows everybody well. Very well. And, remember, there's not one pundit that has ever owned a Navy Serial Number!  Kerry pissed off most veterans when he lied while testifying before Congress in 1971. He angered many earlier this year when he dismissed that lie as, "words of an angry young man." Veterans as a group, however, usually remained silent all the time that Kerry has been in the Senate.  Unfortunately, Kerry made a big deal of his Viet Nam experience and heroics at the Boston convention last month. Doing so has enraged most veterans. We've only begun to see their anger. There are a lot of folks with first-hand stories about the lying opportunist now campaigning to be president. We'll be hearing many more stories in the weeks ahead. 
     
    


	 
      Best account I've found of the current situation is  urlLink  here.   Note how much it is unlike  urlLink  the picture presented by the "Yahoo! News Iraq Slideshow"   (below).
     
    


	 
         Leon Wieseltier has a review of Nicholson Baker's new novel, "Checkpoint," in Sunday's "New York Times" book section. This is the novel whose essential plot is a long discussion between "Jay" and "Ben" about killing President Bush.  Wieseltier is the literary editor of "The New Republic," and anchors one of the consistently important sections of that publication, which, as I read it, occupies a space somewhere between Clintonian pro-business Democrats and Bush Administration neocons (real neocons, not the bloody-fanged caricatures of the left).  After reviewing the book itself, Wieseltier take the one step aside that brings him from Baker's plot into the real political world of modern America. And the essay-within-an-essay that he delivers is wonderful:    The striking thing about Jay's analysis of the [Iraq] war -- that it is the consequence of George W. Bush's religiosity, and servility before American corporations, and alliance with neoconservatives who are "not humble enough before the mystery of a foreign country" -- is that it is not Jay's alone. The same account is familiar from newspapers and television shows and Web sites everywhere.  In a sense, Baker has slandered the opposition to George W. Bush by representing it with a disordered mind bent on murder. In this season of ferocity, therefore, it is worth insisting that Bush-hatred is generally not a plot to kill the president. Yet the discussion of Bush-hatred, and of Baker's book, cannot be concluded with a polite absolution.  For the virulence that calls itself critical thinking, the merry diabolization of other opinions and the other people who hold them, the confusion of rightness with righteousness, the preference for aspersion to argument, the view that the strongest statement is the truest statement -- these deformations of political discourse now thrive in the houses of liberalism too. The radicalism of the right has hectored into being a radicalism of the left. The Bush-loving mob is being met with a Bush-hating mob. Liberals are forgetting why liberals are not radicals.  When Jay demands to know how Ben would feel if Bush were killed -- "won't part of you think, He's got it coming to him? Huh?" -- the most that center-left Ben can muster in the way of principle is this: "I don't -- I'm not -- I can't predict how I would react if the president were actually shot," followed by some sensitive mutterings about "the simple sight of any human being stilled." American liberalism, in sum, may be losing its head.   Except for the twisted conclusion that he draws from his dissent, Jay is not, as I say, a stranger in contemporary America. Late in the novel he explains that "we've reached a point beyond the normal -- we've reached a point of intolerability."  The opinion that these are not normal times, that the Bush years are apocalyptic years, is quite common. "We are no longer in the ordinary times we were in when the conservatives took out after Bill Clinton," Janet Malcolm recently explained in a letter to this newspaper. "We are in a time now that is as fearful as the period after Munich." Life in South Egremont, Mass., may be excruciating, but Malcolm's knowledge of the period after Munich has plainly grown dim.  And who, in her ominous analogy, is Hitler? If it is Osama bin Laden, then she might have a little sympathy for the seriousness of this administration about American security, whatever her views about some of its policies. If it is George W. Bush. ... Well, she continues: "Those of us who are demonizing George W. Bush are doing so not because of his morals but because we are scared of what another four years of his administration will do to this country and to the world." So whether or not Bush is Hitler, he is a devil. This is what now passes for smart.   The signs of the degradation are everywhere. In a new anthology of anti-Bush writings by distinguished journalists and commentators and a senator (Kennedy) and a congressman (Dingell), the pages are ornamented with exhilarating anagrams such as "The Republicans: Plan butcheries?" and "Donald Henry Rumsfeld: Fondly handles murder." The back cover thoughtfully calls Rumsfeld a "war pig."  In an advertisement that proudly lists "recent contributors," The New York Review of Books suddenly names Noam Chomsky, who has not appeared in its pages in decades; but this is the glory in which the journal apparently wishes to bask again. Al Gore denounces Abu Ghraib as "the Bush gulag," and Moveon.org publishes a huge ad instructing that "The Communists had Pravda. Republicans have Fox." And so on. All this is not much of a height from which to fall to the juxtaposition of pictures of Bush with pictures of Hitler in a recent concert by Black Sabbath, to gloss a song also called "War Pigs."  It is true that the Bush campaign recently ran an advertisement on the Internet that mixed Hitler's image with the images of various Democrats. But so what? Even if the Republicans are reaping what they sowed, these weeds should be allowed to die in the field. (Even Jay concedes about Bush that "of course he's not as bad as Hitler.")  Liberals must think carefully about their keenness to mirror some of the most poisonous qualities of their adversaries. It was never exactly a disgrace to American liberalism that it lacked its Limbaugh. But demagoguery now enjoys a new prestige. Thus, a prominent liberal thinker writes a book against George W. Bush that refreshingly prefers ideas to innuendoes, and a sympathetic reviewer in this newspaper laments that "instead of 'Reason,' which the left already has too much of, the Democrats need a book titled 'Brass Knuckles.' "  The argument for liberal demagoguery is twofold, tactical and philosophical. There are those who believe the Democrats cannot succeed without the politics of the sewer. These are the same people who believe it is the politics of the sewer to which the Republicans owe their success. This view significantly underestimates the depth and the nature of George W. Bush's support in American society, and significantly overestimates the influence of the media and its pundit vaudeville on American politics. Rush Limbaugh did not elect a president and neither will Michael Moore. All the professional manipulation of opinion notwithstanding, reality is still more powerful than its representations. If it is not, then all politics is futile.   The philosophical argument for liberal demagoguery is that it is merely an expression, or an exaggeration, of American democracy. But then this must be true also of conservative demagoguery, which also claims to speak (but rather less plausibly) in the voice of the common man. It is when politics becomes a competition in populist credentials that demagoguery, and the sophistry of the slippery slope, flourishes, and the voice of the common man is stolen.  The demagogue's gravest sin is not incivility, it is stupidity. Does the Bush administration love capitalism too much? But it is also possible to love capitalism too little. The greatness of capitalism, after all, is that it may be politically corrected. Was American power used improperly, or for ill, in Iraq? But it is also possible for American power to be used properly, and for good. Is the friendly opinion of the world a condition of American security? Often, but not always.  The incompetence of the Bush administration in world affairs, too much of which was ideologically ordained, does not alter the fact that the United States must sometimes deploy overwhelming force against extreme wickedness. It will be disastrous, for liberalism and for America, if the indignation against George W. Bush becomes an excuse for a great simplification, for a delirious release from the complexities of historical and political understanding that it took the American left decades to learn.   The good news is that the politics of Bush-hatred may be at odds with the culture of Bush-hatred. Neither John Kerry nor John Edwards appears to live in the universe in which "Checkpoint" was set or in the universe in which "Checkpoint" was written. Whatever the merit of their opposition to the Bush administration, the spirit of their opposition is not dark. They are not taking the radical bait. This is admirable not only on strategic grounds. When the Democratic candidate for president criticizes the conduct of the American war in Iraq but recognizes the catastrophic consequences of an American withdrawal, he is practicing the lost art of opposing two errors, two evils, at the same time. There are many good reasons to wish to be rid of George W. Bush, but there are no good reasons to wish to be rid of intelligence in our public life. 
     
    


	 
      Yahoo! News is a continually refreshing (in the computer sense) round-up of the big media news coverage of the world. Today, just now, its "Iraq slideshow" features 211 photos. These appear to be the cache of pictures sent out during the last three or so days on the worldwide newswires by AP, Reuters, and AFP.  So this is Iraq in pictures, as told to the world, by the "big three" of print media.  Seventy-six of the photos, by far the largest block of them, show "insurgents" in action. They run, they fire mortars, they pose with trophy American helmets (or else the same helmet passed around) and what are said to be captured American weapons (do our guys still use bazookas?). They flash the "V" for victory sign. They put AK-47s in the hands of their women and children and have them pose with a foot mounted on the brown U.S. helmet.  All three wire services ran more pictures of insurgents than of anything else from Iraq. The nature of the photos makes it clear that the photographers are embedded in the insurgency, up close and personal.  Now, if "embedding" was criticized when the U.S. military did it, because it implicitly aligned the reporters with the troops who protected them, and the authorities that granted them access to the front lines, is it OK now?  Ah, but what about the embeds on the side of our boys, eh?  Well, what about them? The number of pictures of U.S. soldiers and Marines in today's photo round up was 14. That's less than one-fifth the coverage devoted to the insurgents. And what were they doing? No smiles, no triumphant poses, no "V for victory" signs flashing. No posing with relics of their enemies. In most of the photos, the U.S. troops stood around, looking bewildered, at the site of some roadside bombing or mortar attack.  The photo wrap also includes some pictures of U.S. military equipment -- two of helicopters in flight, and four pictures of the same burning Humvee, from different angles (you have to read the captions to realize it's one vehicle, not four).  The pictures of U.S. vehicles, and many of those of the troops, are taken from a distance. As though the photographers were shooting from the other side.  Oh yes, I should have said there were 14 photos of  living  U.S. military men and women. There are five more pictures of dead ones -- including one photo of a montage that shows hundreds of faces of U.S. soldiers who have died in Iraq.  There are twenty pictures of politicians -- more of politicians than of U.S. troops. Including two of Teresa Heinz-Kerry. What she has to do with Iraq escapes me.  The "Iraq slideshow" also has three pictures of beefed up security in European cities. This, too, stikes me as deceptive; it implies the Islamist threats against Europe are part of "Iraq." But the fact is the threats pre-existed the Iraq invasion.  Iraqi civilians? They are the subject of 13 photos out of 211 in the "Iraq slideshow." All of them show people wounded in insurgent attacks or caught in crossfire except one, which shows a small protest against the Baghdad government's decision to temporarily expell the Al Jazeera staff.  So Iraqis shown in the news today are all either insurgents (the vast majority) or victims of violence. There are five dead U.S. soldiers to 14 live ones, and no dead insurgents. The grinning Shi'ite militias are flashing "victory," while the hapless U.S. forces stand stunned and watch their hardware burn.  That's the impression I got from the pictures.  The actual body count? From the print version of the same sources that produced this photo show? More than 360 dead militiamen in Najaf alone. Four dead Marines. It's another rout for the coalition. The violence, serious as it is, is contained in three southern cities and a large neighborhood of Baghdad. Millions of Iraqis never got within sight or sound of it.  Sometimes a few numbers are worth more than a thousand pictures.
     
    


	 
       urlLink  Scott Newstok   has an essay critiquing the oft-drawn connection between George W. Bush and Shakespeare's Prince Hal/Henry V. I actually hadn't heard that parallel made, but Newstok collects copious examples, and it doesn't surprise me that someone thought of it.  Part of his article deals with the tension between history and Shakespeare. No amount of historical justification of Richard III ever will remove the public image of the man from the crippled, murderous schemer that Shakespeare brilliantly created. Shakespeare didn't just twist history for the sake of the plot, the way a modern Hollywood filmmaker might. He was engaged in deliberate mythmaking. He was giving England a sense of itself -- and its contemporary ruling dynasty -- as something great, sceptred, God-ordained. King John stands up to the Pope. Henry V defeats the French. Richard II illustrates the Slippery slope of a flip-flopping king.  Who's to say how much of that was Shakespeare's awareness of what would happen to his theater company if he didn't do that, and how much was his own political philosophy?  So is it wrong to use him the way he used his sources? Because modern Americans have as much need of national myths as Elizabethan Englishmen. We need them because they tell us who we are and what we stand for, and that tempers a great power by giving it a moral purpose. "Morality" is a bad word to a lot of the people who bash Bush reflexively, because they concede morals to the right -- as though "morals" equal Bill Bennett's hectoring. But a power without a morality is a far more dangerous thing than a power that believes it has to live up to some high, self-set standard.  Newstok mentions George Washington. To me, he's the grand exemplar of this in American history. Say "actor-president" and people think Reagan, but Washington played a role so thoroughly, and so perfectly, that people still think he was that regal, noble Roman hero. When you read the accounts of him written by his intimate circle during the Revolution, you see the American man -- vain, hard-driving, hard-cussing, clever in a farmer's ways. And you realize what he did, transforming his life as a gift to the new nation, to offer it stability.  He reached back to another historical myth to ease the delicate transition from military revolution to civilian administration: Cincinnatus, the Roman hero who, during a crisis, reluctantly accepted the dictatorship for six months, defeated Rome's enemies in six weeks, then resigned and went back to his plow. Now regarded as almost surely mythical, Cincinnatus was a real hero to the founders. And when Washington resigned from public life in 1783 after the great victory and returned to Mount Vernon rather than mounting the throne of the new nation, he was the marvel of the world, and he was behaving quite deliberately on the classical model. His peers recognized it. Washington became head of an association of Revolutionary War veterans -- the equivalent of today's American Legion or VFW -- called the Society of the Cincinnati.   In some small details of protocol, he erred on the side of royalty. No harm done; Adams and Jefferson tilted the balance carefully back. The danger of having no dignity at the top, no noblesse oblige, was far greater, and Washington made sure we had enough noblesse to realize the oblige.  He knew this new country needed myths. The American equivalent of Shakespeare's English history plays are Parson Weems' Washington fables: the cherry tree and the silver dollar skipped across the Potomac. Like Athens, we were a nation born without myths, we were missing in the catalogue of ships, so we invented a Theseus to fill the bill.  That's also why I think the trail Newstok blazes into "Republicans secretly are aristocrats" is a wrong turn. He writes that Henry V, the British royal hero with the common touch, appeals to the modern Right because the modern Right has a secret fetish for "the reality of aristocracy smoothed over by the rhetoric of democracy."   "Given this early American history of infatuation with regal trappings, maybe we shouldn't be all that surprised that there are some today who would favor thinking of the Bush family as a kind of dynasty, and that these royalists are thus understandably elated by the resonances with King Henry's story."   This seems to overstate the complex balance of powers in the early republic. The miserable experience of trying to fight the Revolution under the decentralized U.S. government of 1776-1787 taught men like Hamilton and Washington the importance of having some weight and authority at the top. The political writings of Montesquieu and Polybius, and the example of the ancient republics, taught them the essential importance of having a "mixed government," including the importance of having an aristrocracy with real power, to block the mudslides of the masses. You need not posit a secret yearning for crowns and dicators to understand the role of executive power in American history.  Also, isn't it odd to use this battering ram against the Right's supposed longing for "hereditary aristocracy" without mention of the Kennedys, the Cuomos, the Jesse Jacksons ( père et fils )? I am not sure having a father who was run out of the White House is part of Bush's "advantageous familial circumstances during the 2000 campaign."   "What remains most galling about the loaded way in which the right insists upon the W/V connection is how deeply reactionary it is. The reductive reading of Shakespeare and the reductive reading of history are both lamentable, but perhaps inevitable in a sound-bite world."   But wait: what about Shakespeare's reductive reading of history? It seems to me that the "connection" of Bush's career to Shakespeare's play is genuine, in the sense that both attempt to turn history into national myth, with an eye to the interest of the current ruling party. If the modern pundits are invalidated, then so is Shakespeare. A lot of baby to throw out with the bathwater there. And I wonder where the anti-mythology of "Farenheit 9/11" fits in?  And I think it's borderline conspiracy theorizing to suggest that Bush backers are "using a cultural authority (Shakespeare) to bolster a political authority (the Bush regime) which, from its inception, has been short on, and even defiant of, the authority necessary to lead a democracy: the consent of the majority of the people."  I don't think the Henry V analogies are anything more than window dressing in the Dubya image. I haven't heard much of it; and I'd be surprised if it crops up at the GOP convention in anyone's speech. It's hardly a central pillar of his re-election program.  The suggestion that Bush's opponents hold up the historical Hal, a much more ambivalent character than Shakespeare's hero, every time Bush's friends make the comparison probably won't work. It misses the point of myth; it will only preach to the converted, and to the rest it will seem dreary balloon-popping.  I've spent more time than I care to recall trying to point out the falsehood of certain myths of word-origins. One of them (see below) is a supposed source of the sexual slur "faggot" that enshrines the male homosexual as a historical victim of persecution. I only can conclude that that is too important to let go of, for some people, even in the face of common sense and historical fact. I can tell you, no one will love you for it, and you won't put a dent in what it suits people to believe. People will invent or find new myths, not to hide from reality, but because to be human is to crave mythos as well as logos.  But I can certainly agree with the author in lamenting the passing of "a time, not so long ago, when politicians themselves actually read Henry V with some sophistication beyond crass self-promotion."  It seems to me the Bush-Hal connection works best on the level of the ne'er-do-well son who becomes a leader of men, which Newstok points out. Whether it's in the literal sense of his reformation from a youth described as "dissolute," or in the more figurative image of the hobbled and uncertain president of Sept. 11, 2001, gradually getting his footing and authority in the world. Though that version depends on your essential agreement with our present foreign policy.  I'd also be wary, in the current media milieu, of seeing a convergence of visions when a half dozen pundits reach for the same analogy to describe some news event. Could just as well be that they've all read the same one source that thought of it first, and borrowed the learned-sounding metaphor for their own talking-head performances without really thinking about it. I may be too cynical, but I'm almost inclined to favor that theory of the spread of the "Prince Hal in the White House" image.
     
    


	 
      The statements of suspects in the Madrid bombings have undercut the anti-war argument that al Qaida only attacks Western targets in response to specific grievances in the Islamic world. Planning for the Madrid attack began long before the Spanish agreed to help America end the dictatorship in Iraq. In fact, it began before the Sept. 11 attacks.  The latest round of terror warnings comes with a fresh dossier of information, some new, some old, that has been made public. And lo and behold, Britain, too, was scouted for Islamist terror targets long before the Iraq War.   urlLink  Melanie Phillips   sums it up:    It has been a constant appeasenik refrain that Britain would never have become an al Qaeda target had Tony Blair not gone poodling up to President Bush and allied Britain to the defence against terror. Yet it appears that this 'old', pre 9/11 reconnaisance activity included targets in Britain. If this is true, it is the first hard evidence that the targeting of Britain was nothing to do with the reaction to 9/11 -- because it was a target before that event took place.    
     
    


	 
       urlLink  "The falure by the Left to articulate an alternative vision of a post-September 11 world except in the negative has banished what should have been the most momentous public policy debate of the last 50 years into the outer dark. By declaring discussion of the transformation of the world illegitimate and then only belatedly presenting a Presidential candidate whose countervision consists of a "secret" but unstated plan, liberals have effectively left matters in the hands of President Bush. It is a staggeringly reactionary performance and a fundamentally unhealthy one. Because the one certain thing is that the antebellum world, the universe of September 10, can never be restored."  
     
    


	 
       urlLink  Barcepundit   has a piece on anti-war Europe's swooning enthusiasm for John Kerry.  "Europeans are following this election as never before because of this perception that it's also about Europe's future, though I dare to add that it is also partially because of the Iraq issue, which has inflamed the passions all over the place."   But he notes some leaders are waking up to the fact that Kerry will not run U.S. foreign policy dramatically differently from the way Bush does. The vision of a contrite America bowing to Chirac and Schroeder and doing penance at the U.N. is a fantasy.  Just maybe, too, the European elites have begun to realize that their open rooting for one candidate in an American election is going to be resented by a lot of U.S. voters, and is going to make that candidate's chances just a little longer. The old Soviet Union, back in the day, knew better than to say whether it preferred Kennedy or Nixon in the White House. If the Old European leadership doesn't realize it's regarded in vast swaths of America as little better than Khrushchev, it ought to ask around.  A Boston Globe article today suggests some of the disappointment that might be in store for "Farenheit 9/11" fans should Kerry win. Those who wish to believe the whole problem (as they see it) with America's foreign policy is Bush, should read on:   John F. Kerry for the first time Monday said he still would have voted to give President Bush the authority to go to war in Iraq, even if he had known in October 2002 that US intelligence was flawed, that Iraq did not have weapons of mass destruction, and that there was no connection between Saddam Hussein and the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks.   Bush had challenged the Democratic nominee Friday to tell voters whether intelligence revelations since the invasion of Iraq in March 2003 would have altered his position on the war. Kerry, in reply, distinguished between invading Iraq and authorizing the action. He said, "Yes, I would have voted for the authority. I believe it was the right authority for a president to have."  Kerry said Bush then used the authority inappropriately. But he said U.S. presidents need military leverage against an enemy. When pressed by reporters, Kerry has refused to call the Iraq war a mistake. He only says he would have waged the war differently and done a better job of it. In July he told reporters he would be prepared to use a pre-emptive strike -- to "get them before they get us" -- if there was sufficient intelligence. Of course, "sufficient intelligence" is a highly subjective thing, but if he's got his CIA director telling him there's a "slam dunk" case, I suspect he'd think the intelligence was approaching sufficiency.  He said he "will never allow any other country to veto what we need to do." Last week, Kerry said that if he had been president last year, he might have ended up going to war with Iraq as well.  Tough talk on the campaign trail? Probably, in part. But it's hard to believe he doesn't really mean much of that -- that, for instance, he would disavow all possibility of a unilateral U.S. attack on North Korea if he had strong (but not definite) intelligence that it's nuclear missiles were about to be commandeered by al Qaida.  I expect, too, that Kerry is smart enough to realize that Chirac and Schroeder were fanning the flames of their native anti-Americanism to save their flagging political careers. Beyond a cosmetic kiss-and-make-up, they have no interest in seeing it end. In France, in particular, knee-jerk obstructionism of American foreign policy has been a national institution, from the time of De Gaulle.  In fact, Kerry's "tough" foreign policy rhetoric is more convincing than his appeals to the anti-war fantasy about a quick U.S. exit from Iraq. Kerry has said that by the end of his first term he hopes to replace some U.S. troops with new military complements from European and Muslim nations. Recently, he's talked as though that deadline would be even sooner, perhaps next summer.  But all along, Kerry has said he would heed the recommendations of U.S. commanders about troop levels. "If the commanders asked for it, then you'd have to respond to what the commanders asked for," Kerry said. "But my goal, my diplomacy, my statesmanship, is to get our troops reduced in number ... over that period of time. Obviously we have to see how events unfold."  That sounds less like policy than pipe dream. He's already punting the decision to the generals, and pinning it to the qualification that things start to go really fantastically well in Iraq: he mentioned the country's stability, the "training and transformation" of the Iraqi national security force, and the country's ability to hold elections. That ends up being little different than Bush's stated policies.  As for those foreign troops who would replace U.S. men and women in Iraq, France and Germany are about as inclined to march into Iraq as they are to fly to the Moon, Kerry or no Kerry. Though France might want its lucrative oil contracts back, in exchange for a few police battalion.  Iraq's near neighbors in the Arab/Muslim world are mostly autocratic, and it is against their interest to see democracy thrive and succeed in their back yard. Turkey could do the job, but it has no desire to, and you'd have to march Turkish tanks through Kurdistan, which is a recipe for disaster. A columnist over at Asia Times has been calling for a Russian presence, but given the example of Chechnya, that's likely to be a catastrophe.  The fact is, no foreign leaders or top diplomats have openly offered to help Kerry achieve the partial withdrawal. The Los Angeles Times on Monday reported a survey it had made of officials around the world, and it reported "that Kerry's troop-swap plan was seen as unrealistic and that low public support in their nations for the Iraq war made it unlikely that they would change course if Kerry were elected." 
     
    


	 
      This is no longer news, but the discussion of it (see "comments" below) has brought up some interesting points.  Ask Americans today what Abraham Lincoln sounded like, and they'll probably imagine a stoic gravitas at the podium, and a deep, rolling bass voice worthy of James Earl Jones (who has narrated several Lincoln programs).  Surprise. Lincoln was a tenor who jumped up and down on stage while speaking. His presence was "uncouth" and "awkward," as even his intimates admitted. One of the common descriptions of his voice was "shrill." In one speech,   "Lincoln's voice was, when he first began speaking, shrill, squeaking, piping, unpleasant; his general look, his form, his pose, the color of his flesh, wrinkled and dry, his sensitiveness, and his momentary diffidence, everything seemed to be against him, but he soon recovered."   And that's from his friend, Billy Herndon.  When Lincoln spoke off the cuff, he often made trouble for himself, as when he told an Ohio crowd during the secession crisis that "there is nothing going wrong ... nothing that really hurts anybody." The press jumped all over him.  So after he became president, Lincoln made very few speeches (a mere 95 over four years, most of them brief and formal). He knew that he had a tendency to put his foot in his mouth, and that as president his every word was recorded. When the crowds called for an impromptu speech, Lincoln often declined, explaining, "Every word is so closely noted that it will not do to make trivial ones. If I were as I have been most of my life, I might perhaps talk amusing to you for half an hour, and it wouldn't hurt anybody."  "Abe is becoming more grave," a magazine correspondent wrote after the election. "He don't construct as many jokes as he did. He fears that he will get things mixed up if he don't look out."  One result of all this was that the Gettysburg Address was not recognized at the time of its delivery as a great work. Only a few men saw its worth. The conventional wisdom on Lincoln in 1863 was that he was not much of a speech-maker and a mediocrity as an orator. That's what people expected, so that's what they heard.  In the media age, George W. Bush doesn't have the luxury of avoiding comment, as Lincoln did.  The AP slug on the story was  BC-Bushism.  It moved at 12:28 p.m. EDT.   WASHINGTON (AP) — President Bush offered up a new entry for his catalog of "Bushisms" on Thursday, declaring that his administration will "never stop thinking about new ways to harm our country and our people."  Bush misspoke as he delivered a speech at the signing ceremony for a $417 billion defense spending bill.  "Our enemies are innovative and resourceful, and so are we," Bush said. "They never stop thinking about new ways to harm our country and our people, and neither do we."  No one in Bush's audience of military brass or Pentagon chiefs reacted.   But it was the AP's headline that really betrayed the bias, to me.  Bush insists his administration seeking 'new ways to harm our country.'   Reporters don't put the headlines on their stories. Editors, who decide what stories to move on the wire, do that. In this case, the reporter wrote about an apparent mis-statement. But the headline editor didn't. He or she offered no suggestion there that this wasn't what Bush meant to say. It was presented as a straight news headline. That's disingenuous, at best.  An hour later, AP moved a new version of the story, a "1st Ld-Writethru" (1:35 p.m. EDT). It was hardly a write-through in the usual sense of the word, and the lead wasn't changed at all. In fact, it only added another sentence from Bush's speech, after the very last paragraph. But it did change the headline:   Bush misspeaks, says his administration seeking 'new ways to harm our country'   Perhaps someone called attention to the AP's deceptive set-up of the story. But even after the AP jiggled its headline, many news outlets continued to run the AP story without mention in headlines that it was a "mis-speaking" event. NBC network channel affiliates ran it all day with the headline, "Bush Says He Seeks 'New Ways To Harm Our Country.' "  Cox News Service, meanwhile, sent out its own, bylined, version of the story, under the headine,  Bush says 'we' never stop thinking about new ways to harm our country   If you're really writing a story about  Bushism, shouldn't the headline say as much? But if your intent in running the story is to do as much harm as possible to this man, you'd probably write a headline that presents his actions in the most demaning light possible, and omit the key fact that this was not what he meant to say.  Frankly, I'm not even sure it was a mis-speak. I sometimes think about how I would break into my own house if I wanted to rob it. It doesn't mean I want to rob my house. It means I want to know where to put the locks, where to hang the outdoor lights, where my vulnerabilities are. "Our enemies are innovative and resourceful, and so are we. They never stop thinking about new ways to harm our country and our people, and neither do we," could be read (or heard) in the same spirit.  Meanwhile,  urlLink  Bob Herbert of the "New York Times"   has taken the comment one step further. It's not a "Bush-ism" any more, it's a "Freudian slip."   The pressure may be getting to Bush. He came up with a gem of a Freudian slip Thursday. At a signing ceremony for a $417 billion military spending bill, the president said: "Our enemies are innovative and resourceful, and so are we. They never stop thinking about new ways to harm our country and our people, and neither do we."    Freudian slip:  "a mistake made in speaking by which, it is thought, the speaker inadvertently reveals unconscious motives, desires, etc." [Webster's New World, 4th ed.] Herbert says he thinks the Bush administration really works deliberately and tirelessly to harm America. That's rhetoric unworthy of anything above Moveon.org.  Cox had the sense to add to its "Bushism" story a Kerry gaffe from the same cycle, which none of the other media reported.   Sunday in Michigan, apparently forgetting he was no longer in Ohio, Kerry voiced support for "Buckeye football." The Ohio State Buckeyes are the University of Michigan's top rival.  As the boos reminded him he was no longer in Buckeye country, Kerry declared Michigan "a powerhouse of a team."   Yeah, every politician does that at one time or another. So do rock stars. I once saw Evan Dando get up on a club stage looking like he'd just rolled out of bed, and say into the mike, "where am I?" He got about 20 different answers. I don't think he ever really found out.  It's no reason Kerry shouldn't be president. Kerry's response to being caught in a slip is hard to judge from this meager account. But it seems like he might have just erased it, said the right thing, and pretend it never happened. Bush, at least, is capable of self-depriciating humor.  But ask yourself, honestly: if Bush said something that indicated he didn't know what state he was in, would it be found only buried in a third-string news service's story?  In that ubiquitous Jib-Jab parody of the election, with Flash animation Bush and Kerry singing to the tune of "This Land is Your Land," Bush's verbal awkwardness is one of Kerry's main attacks, while the cartoon Bush mocks the cartoon Kerry for his "flip-flops."   But that's not quite right. The emphasis on Kerry's "flip-flops" comes from Bush, Cheney, Rove, et al. It's part of their political campaign, right or wrong, while the media debates whether having a candidate who never changes his mind is worse than having one who always does. But that debate is one step removed from the source of the meme.  The "Bush can't speak right" meme, by contrast, comes right from the media. The national Democratic Party doesn't have to sully its hands making fun of the man's colloquial pronunciations. The AP does it for them.  Which is more relevant to the election, Kerry's decision-making qualities or Bush's problems with grammar? After all, we already know we can survive four years of Bush's mangled English.
     
    


	 
        Here's an update from my friend, who has been in Iraq with a firm doing contracting work. To understand this, you have to realize that she's a 5-foot-nothing tall Georgia girl, 98 pounds soaking wet, deaf-mute from birth, but she loves music and loves to dance. If she blasts it loud enough she can feel it, and to a certain extent hear it. And she's a priestess in an ancient, pre-Christian European system of devotion.    Last night I probably had the coolest night I've had in Iraq to date. Thanks to a care package sent from the States courtesy 'o James, I've got a Sony walkman, and several batteries, and a few CDs.  Anyone who's ever been around me with a walkman knows that whatever I'm listening to, everyone's hearing. In this case, it was about 9 pm my time, one brand new exceptionally kooky Iraqi guard, eight Kurdish playboys, two Kurdish chicklets, two low level Iraqi official managers, one Kurdish policeman, two Turkish contract leadmen, and several workers from the water plant.  This starts with simple dinners being shared in the same place and several conversations I don't have a prayer of following, plus the bright idea to make a little fire with some spare scrap that's been lying around here for a couple of days from a delivery of equipment. My security (the new Iraqi guy) is a trainee. I've learned since two days ago that my security is all trainee at this point. They have guns. They have uniforms. I could probably kick their asses myself. Security is a mutual thing.  Now think of me, kind of thinking that as long as I can't read on faces what's being said most of the time, and that it's a rather cool night, and that I have new tracks to try out, it's okay for me to do so. Next thing I'm doing my thing, volume where it should be, (or I guess should say, has to be) and the beat being what it is, I proceed to dance, kick off my sandals, and enjoy the grass and my sense of style and rhythm.  Give it one minute and two Kurdish girls are working with me. We're the entertainment for a song. Then another. Then in the next, and remember, this is just from the sound coming from my headphones, we get two, then five, then nine of the guys dancing. By the fifth song, everyone is dancing. Think bad line dancing plus guys who can't dance all following hippie chick. After that it breaks down, obviously, and I loan out my tunes to one of the other girls, and for the next two hours people take turns wearing my walkman and dancing in groups.  All a good time. The best I've had here yet. The song that got everyone dancing? P.O.D.'s "Rock The Party (Off the Hook)" Muslims are raising the roof and learning to head bang to "Payable On Death" (an Xtian Ja band). They danced right through "Set Your Eyes To Zion", without evening giving a care, just like I do.  Nobody tried to kill me. Nobody tried to blow anybody up. Nobody preached. Everybody just had a good time. I had my machine gun laying on the ground fifteen or so feet away the whole time. No big deal. So did my soldier. So did the cop.   I taught dance moves. I learned a couple. I traded hair advice. I got clothes advice. I had a good time.  To the South, Jeff was advised to move back from his jobsite outside of Najaf. Not by the Marines, but by Iraqi officials.  It's easy to say move. It's harder to do it. The security that has worked on several of those jobs in the areas is being utilized by the Iraqis to bolster their forces. They're not trained for it, but they're moving into weak zones to catch Sadr's militia where it passes back and forth through coalition lines in the area. It's a nasty concept.  It's nasty, because these men are serious about their jobs. So are Sadr's militia about theirs. The thing is, this Iraqi security is tied to the community and has been for months now. It's a major point of stability, and everyone knows it. Hurt them, and it runs right back through the community, just like Jeff wrote in his recommendations many months ago.  Iraqi resolve is getting serious. Perhaps fierce. I dunno yet. I'm waiting for a spare plane to take me out of here, Shadi is still doing negotiations, and Jeff is back in the middle of chit. News here is about Al-Jazeera. People saying its wrong but necessary. The US couldn't have done it, but the new government isn't going to keep playing, and the Iraqis I know understand. Faces are being given to the enemies of Iraq, and for a change, those faces aren't American. (Sorry AP, you can't stop this.)  But here, I danced to music I just barely hear part of, the people around me mostly didn't understand, played by a band with a religious message that none of us actually follow, and yet we all had fun. We all did. No problems.  We're watching these guys mature a day at a time, living in the wild wild west. Allah be praised, God be kind, and Brighid be patient. 
     
    


	 
        By KRISTEN MACK Houston Chronicle  WASHINGTON — Trying to chip away at President Bush's advantage on national security issues, John Kerry said Thursday he would have jumped into action more quickly than President Bush did on Sept. 11, 2001.  The Democratic presidential nominee chided Bush for sitting quietly with a group of Florida elementary school students for seven minutes after learning that hijacked airplanes had struck the World Trade Center in New York.  "Had I been reading to children and had my top aide whispered in my ear that America is under attack, I would have told those kids very nicely and politely that the president of the United States has something that he needs to attend to," Kerry said.  The Massachusetts senator's remarks drew laughter and applause from about 5,000 journalists, mostly African-American, Hispanic, Asian-American and Native Americans who gathered in Washington for the Unity: Journalists of Color convention. Bush is scheduled to speak to the convention early today.   Rudy Giuliani shot back with the right political response from the other side: "John Kerry must be frustrated in his campaign if he is armchair quarterbacking based on cues from Michael Moore." A centerpiece of "Fahrenheit 9/11" is footage of the president remaining with the students instead of leaving immediately upon hearing of the second attack.   Rudy's brilliant, really: Maneuver the whole "seven minutes with the goat book" thing into Michael Moore territory and thus make it off-limits to Kerry, who is at pains to let it be known he did not see "F9/11" lest he validate MM's status as anti-war kingmaker.  But leave it to a blogger to ask -- and answer -- the really interesting question, "where exactly was John Kerry that morning when America was under attack, and what was he doing?"   urlLink  Redstate   got the goods.   In an interview with Larry King on CNN, July 8, 2004, Sen. Kerry was asked where he was the morning of September 11th. Here is part of his response:  Kerry: "... And as I came in [to a meeting in Sen. Daschle's office], Barbara Boxer and Harry Reid were standing there, and we watched the second plane come in to the building. And we shortly thereafter sat down at the table and then we just realized nobody could think, and then boom, right behind us, we saw the cloud of explosion at the Pentagon ...."  It should be noted that the second plane hit the World Trade Center at 9:03 a.m., and the plane hit the Pentagon at 9:43 a.m. By Kerry's own words, he and his fellow senators sat there for forty minutes, realizing "nobody could think."   In other words: Sen. Kerry, who criticized President Bush for not rushing out of the Florida classroom for seven minutes, sat paralyzed with his colleagues for a full forty minutes. He is hardly in a position to criticize President Bush for "inaction."    New media gets an essential leg of the story while dino-media is too brain-addled even to ask the question.  Some people want to give Kerry a by on this, because it wasn't a point he brought up on his own; he was answering a question. But many if not most of the quotes you read from Bush or Kerry or any politician are responses to specific questions. Perhaps it's misleading not to let people know that. But if you only quoted them on the topics they choose to speak on, you wouldn't learn much.  The fact is, he missed a great chance here to help his cause, by saying hindsight is 20-20, and what's important is what he plans to do, and taking the opportunity to distance himself from Michael Moore, who stalked the Demo Convention like Marley's ghost and who is odious to a lot of non-base voters who otherwise would be more open to supporting Kerry.
     
    


	 
      Islam divides things into pak (pure) and najis (unclean).  urlLink  Al Sistani's Web site   lists "ten things are essentially najis." They include blood, shit, piss, dead bodies, pigs, dogs -- and infidels (kafir). Even the tears of an infidel, if he eats pork, are unclean.  Islamic theologians debate who exactly is a "kafir," and especially whether the term applies to Christians and Jews. Sistani has a fairly humane interpretation of Islam. He believes Christians and Jews may be pak, not najis. Then again, they may not be. Because of the uncertainty, he advises, "it is better to avoid them." According to Sistani.org:   An infidel i.e. a person who does not believe in Allah and His Oneness, is najis. ... As regards the people of the Book (i.e. the Jews and the Christians) who do not accept the Prophethood of Prophet Muhammad bin Abdullah (Peace be upon him and his progeny), they are commonly considered najis, but it is not improbable that they are Pak. However, it is better to avoid them.  The entire body of a Kafir, including his hair and nails, and all liquid substances of his body, are najis.  If the parents, paternal grandmother and paternal grandfather of a minor child are all kafir, that child is najis, except when he is intelligent enough, and professes Islam. When, even one person from his parents or grandparents is a Muslim, the child is Pak.   If a Pak thing touches a najis thing and if either or both of them are so wet that the wetness of one reaches the other, the Pak thing will become najis.   As a polytheist, of course, I'm clearly najis. Could I be treated in a hospital if I fell sick in a land where this division of pure and impure was believed? Could I be permitted to use a public toilet? As I read Sistani's interpretation, if I shake hands with a Muslim, who is sweating, he becomes najis by his contact with me. And if he dries his hand on a towel, that towel, too, becomes najis. But if another Muslim with wet hands uses the towel, the najis is not communicated to him.  And remember, this is Al Sistani -- one of the sensible and least strident men in power positions in modern Islamic scholarship. He is one of the men we count on for stability in creating a secular society there.  And you wonder why I prefer secular liberal democracy to Islamist theocracy.
     
    


	 
      This Bush-ism from Wednesday was the topic of its own AP news story -- complete with photo illustration:    “Our enemies are innovative and resourceful, and so are we. They never stop thinking about new ways to harm our country and our people,  and neither do we. ”     A lovely howler, but you'd never know that Kerry had two of his own in the last two days. Today...    "We will add 40,000 active duty troops -– not in Iraq, but to strengthen American forces that are now overstretched, overextended, and under pressure.  We will double our special forces to conduct terrorist operations. "    ... and yesterday ...   “I believe I can fight a more effective, more thoughtful, more strategic, more proactive,  more sensitive war on terror  that reaches out to other nations and brings them to our side and lives up to American values in history.”    It's no big deal. I'm much more interested in hearing Kerry tell me what exactly he plans to do in Iraq than in counting up his tongue-slips. Just as I'm interested in hearing Bush outline what he plans to do about North Korea or Social Security. On the other hand, while I am sure Kerry meant to say "conduct counter-terror operations" today, yesterday he actually may have meant that he plans to fight a "sensitive war" against al Qaida, and I'd like to know what that means. We will destroy you, but we'll respect you in the morning?  When you're a candidate for leader of the world's only hyperpower, you're talking from the minute you wake up till the minute you turn out the light at night, and the microphones are turned on you every second of the way. Stupid things are going to come out of your mouth.  Bush' mis-speaking is a meme now. Like Gerald Ford's clumsiness in the '70s. He banged his head on a helicopter once, sliced a golf ball once, and, with the help of "Saturday Night Live," got enshrined in the popular mind as "the Bumbling President." Never mind that, as a former football linebacker, he probably was the most athletic president since Teddy Roosevelt.  But, when "I'm With Stupid" is an unofficial campaign slogan of the Democrats, the disparity in media coverage of candidate tongue-slips becomes a form of bias.   urlLink  Pardon My English   wonders, "So, why is it news when Bush fumbles a word, or what have you, but Kerry 'the intellectual' does the same thing and gets a slide? I almost mentioned this the night of the speech, but didn’t, because WHO CARES?? We all misspeak from time to time. I don’t think anyone believes that John Kerry wants to double our special forces to conduct terrorist operations, nor does Bush want to harm the United States."  I think I know who cares. In my newspaper newsroom, where magnified quotations from Michael Moore are pasted on colored construction paper and hung on the wall like motivational posters, the Bush quip has been the talk of the crew for two days now. Snicker, snicker. 
     
    


	 
      In yesterday's "Wall Street Journal" op-ed piece, Colin Powell pointed to the African Union plan for peacekeeping troops in Darfur as a sign of the international effort's success. But today, it turns out,  urlLink  that plan is much in doubt.      CAIRO, Aug 6 (Reuters) - The African Union has not told Sudan of any plan to deploy 2,000 African troops in Darfur and the government reserves the right to reject such a plan, a Sudanese minister said in an interview published on Friday.   The Sudanese government seems to have learned from Iran's nuclear tug-of-war that the best way to handle international "soft power" pressure is to play the cheat-and-retreat game. If your patient, you get everything you want in the end.   urlLink  Stanley Crouch in the New York Daily News   has a furious column today about the diplomatic dithering that allows the Sudan slaughter to continue.   With 1,000 people dying a day and Sudan's leaders rejecting demands from the UN to take action within 30 days, the gloom darkens. Sudan wants 90 days. After all, what are 60,000 lives?   Only numbers -- unless the U.S. decides to recognize those numbers as human beings whose need for protection from slaughter cannot be denied.   Like The Economist said on its cover, "Sudan Can't Wait." But Crouch scorns the White House, too, for taking the multilateral route in Sudan and trying to work through the U.N.   The Bush administration is also punking out. It is going along with the cowardice and immorality of the world at large because those advising it fail to understand that this is the time to take chances. Had President Bush gone into Sudan with the Army's new OTW (Operations Other Than War) unit last month, the world would have been caught off guard -- and the Democratic convention would have been overshadowed.   The cynicism that assumes America's foreign policies are shaped in equal parts by desire to stem genocide and desire to discomfort the Democrats is so general nowadays that it hardly raises objection.  Some might compare Sudan to Iraq and claim to see a double standard by the U.S., but how is this so? In Sudan, as in Iraq, the Americans first tried the U.N. system, in a vain bid to rally the international community via that flawed body and its toothless resolutions. No, the double standard is in the minds of those who want us to be unilateral and forceful to stop some murders, and not others.  I also don't understand Crouch's next bit:   There would, of course, be those screaming about infringing on Sudan's sovereignty. They would make it a matter of pride and unity for Muslims to stand behind that racist regime. That would be to the good, because it might push Muslims into reconsidering the shortcomings of Islamic tradition.    Any religious culture that embraced Saddam Hussein as a lion of the caliphate is not going to have second thoughts about Sudan. The "Arab Street" decried slaughter in Bosnia, Kosovo, Chechnya, and Palestine when non-Muslims killed Muslims. In Sudan, it's Arab Muslims murdering black Muslims, and the response is mostly a big shrug.  However, as Crouch does point out, there is heavy-duty hand-wringing going on at the more responsible Muslim Web sites, such as altmuslim.com, where Naeem Mohaiemen wrote a piece on it titled "The Muslim World's Shame."   "The Muslim world is sliding backward into medievalism, and it is time for reformers to speak openly and bravely. There is a cancer that is eating away at our soul -- a disease marked by paranoia, double standards and virulent racism."    I don't mean to besmirch this response; it's only "hand wringing" because there's not much more these well-intentioned people can do about it. I'll take hand wringing any day over silent complicity (or dancing in the streets and passing out confectionary treats in celebration).  Meanwhile, we found out today what the U.N.  is  good at:  urlLink  releasing scathing reports  .   GENEVA (Reuters) - A U.N. investigator said Friday the Sudanese government was largely to blame for a humanitarian disaster in Darfur and its responsibility for large numbers of killings in the region was beyond doubt.   Investigator Asma Jahangir, a Pakistani lawyer, said a June visit to Darfur found overwhelming evidence government forces and militia they backed had executed large numbers of civilians.    Her report says, among other things, "It is beyond doubt that the government of the Sudan is responsible for extrajudicial and summary executions of large numbers of people over the last several months in the Darfur region." She says it is "very likely that many will die in the months to come as a result of starvation and disease." "... I have to conclude that there is overwhelming evidence that extrajudicial killings of civilians in Darfur have been carried out, with some exceptions, in a coordinated manner by the armed forces of the government and government-backed militias."  And the U.N.'s way of dealing with this? To work with  the same government  to set up a timetable and a plan for the government to set up "secure and safe" areas in Darfur. It's as if the U.N. learned nothing from the Bosnian "safe havens" that conveniently concentrated unarmed Muslims so the Serb militias could march in and kill them.  "It would then use police to provide secure routes to towns and villages and allow people access to water and food, as well as freedom to tend animals and work land," according to Reuters.  Great idea. Take the armed authority figures who have been committing genocide, and put them in charge of the people they have been trying to kill. Could any entity but the U.N. have conceived a plan so perfectly brain-dead?  Marc Lacey in  urlLink  The New York Times   has a good piece today titled "Sudanese Suffer as Militias Hide in Plain Sight," which exposes the Khartoum government's duplicity and .   Sudan's government lined up 50 prisoners at the main jail here recently and offered them as evidence to the world that it was cracking down on the militias that have stained so much of the desert sand of Darfur, the country's western region, with blood.  But when the men spoke and when their court files were reviewed, it quickly became clear that many of them were not members of the militias, which have displaced a million villagers in the last year and a half and killed tens of thousands in what the United States Congress calls a genocide.   Among the group were petty criminals who had already been in jail as long as four years. One man's charge was drinking wine in a country that forbids it.    But the article also reveals just how difficult it would be for the Sudanese government now to stop the bloodbath, even if it wanted to.   Janjaweed is a fluid identity, and diplomats here say the government has exploited the ambiguity. First it armed the militias, rallied them and set them loose in Darfur. Then it gave many of the same men uniforms and declared them upholders of the law. Sometimes the Janjaweed have served as law enforcement officers by day and reverted to pillaging at night.  "If you sent 200 soldiers out to get the Janjaweed, maybe 50 of them would probably be Janjaweed themselves," said Osman Mirghani, a prominent columnist for the Sudanese newspaper Al Rayaam who has written frequently and frankly about the conflict in Darfur, sometimes incurring the wrath of the government.   "A Janjaweed is a Janjaweed when he is on his horse with his gun, going to burn and kill," Mr. Mirghani said. "But when he comes back to his village and hides his gun he is no different than anyone else. Maybe he's a policeman during the day and a Janjaweed at night."   
     
    


	 
      Soon enough we're going to start reading and hearing the presidential election of 2004 compared to other war-time elections. And this will reveal the deep rift in modern America in yet another way.  To those who think the "War on Terror" is a sham, or else think the war is genuine but the attack on Saddam was a bad wrong turn in it, Bush will be compared to Truman in 1952 and Johnson in 1968.  To those who think the War on Terror is a real and dangerous fight, and Iraq is a crucial battleground, whether it was necessary or not, the look-back will be to Lincoln in 1864 and Roosevelt in 1944.  Some comparisons will jump out: Lincoln, with meager military experience and a less-than-majority victory four years before vs. a man of solid military attainments in George McClellan. Yet Kerry has nowhere near the status among the active soldiers that McClellan had. Like McClellan, Kerry will emphasize the military leadership blunders of the incumbent, and emphasize a diplomatic solution to an ongoing war that seems to have no end in sight.  In 1864, the Republicans carried the vote of the soldiers, many of whom received a furlough to go home for voting. Other soldiers received their ballot in the field at makeshift polling stations. The military vote wasn't much debated at that time because both candidates presumed they would secure the soldier vote.   The 1944 vote was less dramatic. The outcome never was in doubt. If anything, it illustrats how far politics and political reporting have come from what they were. Imagine the media treatment today: Mistakes had been made on a colossal scale, botched camaigns killed tens of thousands of American men, and dark mutterings were afoot about the Pearl Harbor "surprise."  The Republicans, running New York Gov. Thomas E. Dewey, wisely avoided that divisive tactic. They did try to portray the president as soft on communism. As it turns out, there was some truth to this, but it took a generation to reveal it. [The road to McCarthyism began with Roosevelt's deliberately turning a blind eye to Soviet spying in a bid to win the trust of the Russians.] The GOP also pressed the issue of Roosevelt's extended term in office, and suggested he sought to be a dictator. But neither of these issued found much traction with the voters.  Dewey and his party also took up the only really legitimate tack they had: calling attention to Roosevelt's failing health. But the press in that day generally respected elected officials, and the reporters loved Roosevelt, who treated them well. For more than a decade they had been actively involved in the conspiracy to hide his handicap from the public. When 1944 came along, reporters and editors failed to distinguish between Roosevelt's lifelong handicap and the president's genuinely deteriorating physical condition.  The president stayed off the campaign trail in the early going, however, and the Republican stories about his health got louder. Roosevelt then put them to rest by hitting the trail hard and emphasizing his experience (which Dewey obviously couldn't match). The newspapers emphasized Roosevelt's vigor on the campaign trail, and the "Roosevelt is dying" stories died down.  The press failed to really inquire into the president's condition. In fact, Roosevelt was dying, and the final campaign push probably hastened his end. He won the election handily and died six month later.  But  urlLink  Timothy Perry   and  urlLink  Michael Rosen   think this year's election bears comparison to the campaign of 1904.
     
    


	 
      Another voice from the battlefield; this one from a leader in the Battle for Baghdad. He gives  urlLink  his assessment of the battle (it was fiercer than we knew), the post-war (going better than we know), and the press that covers both.     On the night of April 6, 2003, Lt. Col. Stephen M. Twitty called his subordinate commanders together a few miles south of Baghdad. "Guys, this is it," the black 39-year-old from Chesnee, South Carolina told his officers. "We're going to take the fight into Baghdad. Some of us in this room may die, and that's okay. Just know it's for a good cause." He then offered up a short prayer and dismissed his commanders.   The following morning, Twitty's unit, Task Force 3-15 (3rd Battalion, 15th Infantry Regiment) of the Army's 3rd Infantry Division began an epic eight-hour struggle to race up the primary highway into Baghdad, seize and hold three key intersections along the way, and then keep the road open for follow-on American forces.  "It was one hell of a fight," Twitty told National Review Online earlier this week. "A lot of people back here in the states seem to marvel at how Baghdad fell without putting up much of a fight. I don't get angry when I hear that, but it bothers me when I think of the soldiers killed and wounded and the work we did during that eight hours of continuous, high-intensity fighting to get that thing under control."  Intense indeed: The soldiers of Task Force 3-15 often found themselves outnumbered by enemy troops which included members of Saddam Hussein's vaunted Republican Guard, Fedayeen militia, and foreign fighters. The enemy was stubborn, often suicidal on the attack, and at various times during the fighting, the Americans found themselves to be perilously low on ammunition. Not that there wasn't enough ammunition to go around, but U.S. forces were advancing so fast and far beyond their supply lines that soldiers and ammo moving up from the rear were often slowed by running battles and rear-guard actions with enemy forces that had not yet been destroyed.   Twitty said the correspondents missed the intensity of the fight, because it was too hot to get close to unless you were in the shooting business. By the time the embeds could lift their heads safely, it was over.   Twitty adds that he has a great deal of respect for combat correspondents, and that much of the reporting during the offensive combat phase of the war was in fact solid, because embedded journalists were traveling with the troops, eating the same food, sleeping in the same holes, dodging the same bullets. "They saw the good and the bad and they usually reported both," says Twitty.   Today, with the occupation phase of the war being conducted, journalists are still near front-line units, but few are actually embedded with the troops. And according to Twitty, only select events are covered, and rarely are they the positive stories.  "The news lacks balance, because you have the media staying in comfortable places like the Palestine Hotel," says Twitty. "They're no longer ducking for cover. They're only coming out and getting snapshots of incidents. They rarely see and almost never report the good things. And there are American soldiers out there doing great things for the Iraqis, every single day. They are interacting with children, vaccinating people, delivering supplies, building hospitals, schools, and athletic fields. The Iraqi standard of living is rising, but the media doesn't report that. What they report are the suicide bombings, RPG attacks, and beheadings."   Twitty concedes it is not exciting to see a group of soldiers carrying textbooks into a school building, but it is exciting to see something blow-up. "Don't get me wrong, the ugly stuff needs to be reported, but so does the good," he says.  Unbalanced reporting, Twitty fears, may eventually begin to erode troop morale.  "Currently, morale among the troops is extremely high," he says. "A number of factors contribute to that, not the least of which is the progress they see being made everyday. What troubles the soldier is when he or she reads newspapers from home, and sees that only the bad news is being published. They see news that makes the situation look as if America is a hated, bungling occupier and the country is on the verge of collapse. That's just not so, and the soldiers on the ground know it's not so."  Asked if the Iraqis have welcomed the Americans with open arms, Twitty is quick to say, "without a doubt. The vast majority of the Iraqi people are glad we are there. They want to be safe and secure. When we go into an area, they are often all over us. It is only a minority — guerillas and foreign fighters — who do not want us there."  Is the war in Iraq part of the overall global war on terror, or a separate conflict? Twitty argues both are inextricably connected. "Look, I'm not a politician, but I know what I've seen," he says. "For me personally, regardless of whether or not Saddam Hussein had weapons of mass destruction, he did have plenty of torture chambers and mass gravesites. That's terrorism. The Iraqis are thankful we are there to eradicate it, and America and the world is safer for that."   
     
    


	 
      Last week I posted about  urlLink  My newspaper's "People Poll,"   an informal call-in poll that runs every Friday on the editorial page. The editors had framed one asking, multiple choice style, what was the most important issue in the upcoming presidential election. And, though it mentioned "foreign policy," it made no reference to the War on Terrorism. I pointed this out to them.  I just went back tonight to check the results, out of curiosity. And lo and behold, they took my suggestion and changed the "foreign policy" item to "war on terrorism."  And "war on terrorism" won. With six items to choose from, more than a third of the callers picked that as the most important issue.  Now this is a totally unscientific poll, as I pointed out. But it's an interesting result: this is a very conservative, Republican corner of Pennsylvania. If three out of every four Republicans here were kidnapped by aliens on the eve of the next election, the Republican still would win.  But we're the "Democratic" paper in this community. Our readers are more likely to be weighted toward the Independent and Democratic voters than our community as a whole.  Here are the results (and I see that I misstated the choices somewhat, in my earlier post, quoting them from memory):  war on terrorism 37.5% economic policy 28.2% health care 21.5% abortion 5.8% environmental policy 4.4% party affiliation 2.6%
     
    


	 
      Compare this (from CNN) ...    Clashes between police and insurgents in the northern city of Mosul left 12 Iraqis dead and 26 wounded, hospital and police sources said Wednesday.  Rifle and rocket-propelled grenade fire as well as explosions were heard in the streets of the city.  The provincial governor imposed a curfew that began at 3 p.m. local time (7 a.m. EDT), and two hours later, provincial forces, police and Iraqi National Guard took control, according to Hazem Gelawi, head of the governor's press office in the Nineveh province.  Gelawi said the city is stable and expects the curfew to be lifted Thursday.    ... With  urlLink  this   gripping bit of pure reporting from someone who was in the thick of hell that day.   We were driving there on that main street, when all of the sudden all hell came down all around on us, all these guys wearing all black (Black pants, and a black t-shirts tucked in), a couple dozen on each side of the street, on rooftops, alleys, edge of buildings, out of windows, everywhere just came out of fucking nowhere and started firing RPG's and AK47's at us.  I freaked the fuck out and ducked down in the hatch. I yelled "WE GOT FUCKIN HAJI'S ALL OVER THE FUCKIN PLACE!!! THERE ALL OVER GOD DAMNIT!!!" Bullets were pinging off our armor all over our vehicle, and you could hear multiple RPG's being fired and flying through the air and impacting all around us. All sorts of crazy insane Hollywood explosions bullshit going on all around us. I've never felt fear like this. I was like, this is it, I'm going to die. I cannot put into words how scared I was. The vehicle in front of us got hit 3 times by RPG's. I kind of lost it and I was yelling and screaming all sorts of things. (mostly cuss words) I fired the .50 cal over the place, shooting everything. My driver was helping me out and pointing out targets to me over the radio. He helped me a lot that day.   And after they got through it, they got orders to go right back through it again, the other direction.   Again, I fired and fired and fired and fired and fired. At everything. We were taking fire from all over. I was just 360ing the 50 cal and shooting at everything. We were taking fire from all over, and every single one of us had our guns blazing. At one time I saw a dog try to run across the street, and somebody shot it. Again, at one time I had the 50 cal traversed and pointing all the way back of the vehicle and I was firing at some guys who were shooting at us up on a rooftop, and I didn't know I was shooting right above the guys heads who were in the back airguard hatchs on our vehicle. My roommate (Sgt from Idaho) tapped my arm, which startled the hell out of me and I quickly jerked back and looked at him and he yelled, "Hey!! Get that gun to the 12!!! Let that one go!! Your doing good!!!" He later told me, when he tapped me on the shoulder, and I jerked back to look at him, I had this crazed look in my eyes that kind of freaked him out.   Somebody save this for the history books. I've read soldiers' letters from as far back as the Civil War, and that's the way they read when they get into battle and write about what it really was like. No orderly statistical stack, no beginning-middle-end clarity. No passive voice. It's not a news story. It's shit and sweat and fear and a rain of shells and you don't know how you got out of it with your ass in one piece.  You won't get that on CNN. You can get it straight from the source, online. This is the future; everyone is his own reporter.
     
    


	 
      The rhetoric of those who would keep America divided by race runs flat into the wall of facts. Blacks still face special problems in many parts of America, but the statistics show that, financially, during the presidencies of Bill Clinton and the two George Bushes, their power has grown faster than that of whites. In America, money really is the key to opportunity; this must be good news to everyone except those who make their meat off keeping alive the impression that blacks can never succeed in a white-majority nation without rallying behind demagogues.   urlLink  The Multicultural Economy, 1990-2009   is a report by The Selig Center for Economic Growth at Terry College of Business, The University of Georgia. It was released in May 2004.  The Selig Center’s estimates and projections of buying power since 1990 show that blacks and other minorities in the U.S. "wield formidable economic clout" and have been increasing their "buying power" in the consumer market. [Buying power is the total personal income of residents that is available, after taxes, for spending on goods and services.]  In current dollars (not adjusted for inflation), The Selig Center projects that the nation’s total buying power has risen from $4.3 trillion in 1990 to $8.6 trillion in 2004.  In 2009, the center projects, "the combined buying power of African Americans, Asians, and Native Americans will be more than triple its 1990 level of $456 billion, and will exceed $1.5 trillion, a gain of $1.1 trillion or 242 percent. ... All of these target markets will grow much faster than the white market, where buying power will increase by only 140 percent. ... The combined buying power of these three minority racial groups will account for 14.1 percent of the nation’s total buying power in 2009, up from 10.7 percent in 1990."  The Selig Center projects that the nation’s black buying power rose from $318 billion in 1990 to $723 billion in 2004. In 2009, the report projects, the nation’s share of total buying power that is black will be 8.7 percent, up from 7.4 percent in 1990. In its analysis, the report shows that, "The gains in black buying power reflect much more than just population growth and inflation."  As for the Deep South, where some people would tell us the barriers to black achievement remain as high as the CSA design elements on flags fluttering over state capitols, well, the rate of growth of black buying power from 1990 to 2004 in Georgia was 206 percent. That's almost double the national rate. 
     
    


	 
      Dean, Cheney, Lieberman, Ridge, the tug-of-war over the latest terror warning continues. Yes, much of the data is three or four years old. But a hallmark of al Qaida-backed operations is meticulous planning and patience. They take years to incubate. Al Qaida went after the WTC in '93 and failed to bring it down. So they studied and re-planned and eight years later they tried it again, and succeeded.  And, as some people have pointed out, you can't have it both ways: You can't damn the government for not connecting the dots before 9-11, then damn them now for playing politics when they warn us that the dots appear to be converging again.  Timing? Right after the Democratic Convention, to deflate John Kerry's mojo? Name me a week in the past year when Bush wasn't tangled in bad news and you could have released a terror attack warning without sparking the response that it was just a smoke screen to "deflect attention" in some way.  How to put the terror alert system above the reflexive suspicion of political chicanery? You'd need a national security czar who is appointed like Supreme Court justices, for life, and untouchable save by impeachment. You'd have to re-write the constitution and literally create a fourth branch of government.  Meanwhile,  urlLink  Connecting the Dots,   by Valdis Krebs, is a fascinating illustration of how it might have worked, based on "Social Network Analysis," a mathematical method for mapping and measuring complex human groups and organizations.  His starting point is early in 2000, when the CIA learned that Nawaf Alhazmi and Khalid Almihdhar, two terrorist suspects living in Los Angeles and linked to al-Qaeda, had been photographed attending a meeting of known terrorists in Malaysia.   All 19 [Sept. 11] hijackers were within 2 degrees of separation of the two original suspects uncovered in 2000!  Social network metrics reveal Mohammed Atta emerging as the local leader.   With hindsight, we have now mapped enough of the 9-11 conspiracy to stop it. Again, the investigators are never sure they have uncovered enough information while they are in the process of uncloaking the covert organization. They also have to contend with superfluous data. This data was gathered after the event, so the investigators knew exactly what to look for. Before an event it is not so easy.   
     
    


	 
      AP is reporting that Charlie Daniels, the man working hardest in show biz to turn "one-hit wonder" status into a lifetime career, is "drawing heat from Arab-Americans" over a song he's written.  The most important part of that sentence is, "AP is reporting." He's already won. He got his name back in the headlines. Normally, it might take something like a stint in rehab or a warrant signed by an estranged wife to do that. This is practically a free ride.  The song is called "This Ain't No Rag, It's a Flag." It begins:     "This ain't no rag, it's a flag and we don't wear it on our heads. It's a symbol of the land where the good guys live. Are you listening to what I said?"     The "rag-head" connection is impossible to miss. As a matter of fact, if you have been around Harley riders lately, we  do  wear it on our heads. The site I got this picture from lists this as one of their top sellers. He's obviously talking about something else there.  In fact, the song's been around for a while. It's just that Daniels is slated to play Saturday at a municipal-sponsored festival in Dearborn, Michigan, home to America's largest Arab-American community.  Daniels' explanation is fairly lame:   "It's not anti-Arab or anti-anything. The only thing it's `anti' is the people who bombed us on 9/11. I have people who say you're putting down people who wear turbans. I'm not. There are good Arabs and bad Arabs, good Greeks and bad Greeks, good people and bad people in any race. I'm not a racist person. I came up during the old Jim Crow days. I know what racism is."    Yes, of course, it would be nice if many groups like the American-Arab Anti-Discrimination Committee were as vocal about radical preaching in mosques as they are about a 67-year-old country boy's third-rate tunesmithing.  But if more of us on "this side" of the current political debate stood up and called out people on stuff like this, maybe they wouldn't have to. Be proud of your country. Be stirred by the sight of your flag. Be angry at its enemies. But remember, that flag is what we all stand under, Arab-Americans included.  And Sikhs, and a variety of non-Arabs and non-Muslims from desert regions of the world whose traditional headgear involves wrapped cloth. Don't desecrate that flag by using it to throttle the first person who looks like what you imagine your enemy to be.  
     
    


	 
      Conservative columnist  urlLink  Michelle Malkin's   new book takes a revisionist look at the internment of Japanese-Americans during World War II. Needless to say, the book is highly contrversial, both for its attempt to shake an anti-American shibboleth, and because -- Malkin being a political writer -- it is as much concerned with modern-day issues such as immigration restriction and racial profiling of Arabs.  I haven't read the book; I plan to soon. (First I have to finish "Hamilton," which is a great read but is beginning to irritate me because of little historical fact-slips that I keep encountering: for instance Chernow seems to think the British 1777 campaign against Philadelphia disembarked in the Delaware Bay, not the Chesapeake.)  On the one hand, I roll my eyes when I see history taken up as a weapon in a current events debate. It's like watching a Jackie Chan streetfight in an archaeology museum. Circumstances always are too different to allow realistic comparison, and it's usually the history that ends up twisted and bruised, while no one's mind gets changed about the current events.  But on the other hand, I'm glad to see this one brought around for a fresh look -- even though, as with Ann Coulter's bid to re-animate the reputation of Senator McCarthy, I wish it had been done first in a pure historical context rather than as polemics.  So until I can read the book, I'm following a fascinating debate on its historical merits on some of the "conservative" Web sites I favor. UNC law professor Eric Muller has a series of critical posts about Malkin's book  urlLink  here.   Malkin, though tending a sick child,  urlLink  has begun to write in response.   It's aggressive, fact-filled, dignified stuff. In case you think someone just said, "round up all the Japs and throw away the key," there's a rich story here of Roosevelt's dilemmas, cloak-and-dagger spying, Japanese imperial culture, and state's rights vs. federalism.  One of the reasons I feel more comfortable now in the company of thinking-people who are considered "right wing" is that they are, in my experience, more capable of examining an argument structurally, logically, and also willing and able to plunge into the stacks and go do some real historical research to see if it stands up,  even if it is an argument from someone they essentially agree with.   I'd compare that favorably to the left's embrace of the Michael Moore carny show: "warts and all, he's one of us, and that's what matters most."  I'd compare it as well to the typical thinking-person liberal  urlLink reaction to Malkin's book.      Michelle has written a new book which explains why interning the Japanese was such a great idea (I'm guessing it also advocates internment camps in present-day America for Arabs, foreigners, and people of color). Thanks to Jim for alerting us to Michelle's book.  We'll review it in a day or two. You know, after we think of enough snarky things to say about the publisher's description and the cover.    And that was on the thoughtful side of the spectrum. On the less-thoughtful side are reactions  urlLink  like this:     This woman's parents are immigrants from the Philippines and she does nothing but badmouth immigrants and liberals alike.  I really think the bitch looks in the mirror and imagines that she is a blonde WASP. ... If it was up to these neo-cons that she loves so much, she would be working in a massage parlor, a sneaker factory or a whorehouse someplace ("Five dollar, me make you holler; ten dollar, me love you long time!").  She is an Asian Condi Rice, only not as intelligent. Like Ann Coulter, she is SO full of herself, it's pathetic. I feel sorry for her children.    Yikes. And that kind of stuff goes on a good deal on leftist sites. If you want to watch someone called a "race traitor" or some outspoken woman put down as a "whore," go find a message board full of self-proclaimed "liberals." If you want to understand why I still consider myself true to my liberal upbringing, yet now find myself aligned against such people, take a look at which side is dealing with the argument and the book, and which side just gets off on ridiculing a young Asian-American woman.  When I was fighting most of my fights on the left side, I argued -- pleaded -- with my liberal friends to study history. I was reading lies and distortions from the "Christian America" cult, about what the Founders said and intended, and they all went unanswered because, it seemed, liberal and secular people had no interest in claiming the past. They had conceded it to the enemy.  Robert Byrd is a rare example of a liberal/Democrat leader who can talk and write authoritatively about history across a broad band. Of course, his background is rather atypical for his party. To many people on his side of the aisle, history is an embarrassment, the dark night that a progressive mind seeks to lead the world out of. American history in particular, to a modern politically liberal mind, can look like a sewer of racism, Indian-slaughtering, commie-hating, anti-foreigner bigotry, naked greed, sexism, slash-and-burn eco-cide, homophobia and all things il-liberal.   urlLink [Paradoxically, academic historians these days tend to be strongly left-leaning; but that's another post.]   The great voices of religious freedom and secular authority -- Jefferson, Madison -- are tainted in modern eyes by being slaveowners. One of the most liberal books ever written, "Huck Finn," gets banned by liberals because of the N-word.  I don't think I'm exaggerating the right-left divergence here. People who think strength of will and debating to win are honorable skills do not also tend to be pacifists and consensus-seekers. People who don't make a habit of intellectual combat training don't know how to react to something forcefully argued, but which they sense to be wrong. In that case, an ad hominem attack is the easy route to venting your frustration with what you can't force to be silent.   * * *   As for the internments, when I was in high school in the 1970s, studying 20th century history, some of my peers used the example of the Japanese-American internments to make the point that the U.S. was "no better than Nazi Germany." They weren't right-wingers or neo-Nazis (most of my classmates were Jewish, in fact), but that was the reflexive sort of anti-Americanism you got if you were around young people in the immediate post-Vietnam War era. At least it was so where I grew up, in the wealthy suburbs.  But even then, when I was a Reagan-hating wanna-be hippie, I had sense enough to know that this was nonsense. People came out of the U.S. internment camps alive, reasonably well-fed, and often with children they didn't have when they went in. People came out of Buchenwald piled like garbage on flatbeds.  I've heard it argued that the Japanese-American internment was obviously a mistake because no Japanese ever helped Tojo invade America, and many were eager to fight for their adopted homeland. Many were eager to fight, that is true. But it's also true that we never got a chance to find out how many others would have reacted to a Japanese invasion of the West Coast, because none ever took place. (Except in the Philip K. Dick parallel universe, of course.).  That doesn't mean the internment camps were a good idea or that I wish to defend their use in World War II America. But when you think about decision-making in history, the first thing you have to do is step back and  forget that you know how it's all going to turn out.  Then you can judge Roosevelt, or any man or woman from the past. Lincoln doesn't know it's going to turn into an epic fight to end slavery and free the blacks when he maneuvers the North and South into a shooting war. Roosevelt doesn't know that the Japanese are never going to mount an invasion of California.  
     
    


	 
       urlLink  MEMRI   has translated this "Letter" to the wife of Paul Johnson -- the American beheaded in June in Saudi Arabia-- purportedly written by the wife of an Islamist terrorist who was killed by security forces in Saudi Arabia. There's some confusion here, because though the text identifies her as "the wife of a martyr," the signature is "By the Mother of the Martyr."  The original appeared in Sawt al-Jihad ("Voice of Jihad"), an al Qaida-linked publication, under the title, "A Letter to the Wife of the Slain Pagan Paul Johnson from the Wife of One of the Martyrs." It's not explained when or where the woman's husband was killed.  Johnson's wife is not some caricature of American evil. She is a dark-skinned woman named Thanom. She is a Thai citizen. She wears a headscarf in public. During the crisis of his captivity, her published statements were words such as, "When I see pictures of my husband, I hurt so much, I fall to the floor. He is sick man, he need medicine. He hasn't done anything wrong."  When the "wife of a martyr" stops ranting and insulting this helpless woman, and tries to make a point, her point is that Johnson deserved to die, he was "one of the greatest criminals indeed" because he worked on Apache helicopters (she calls them "airplanes"), which are used by the U.S. military in Iraq and Afghanistan, the Israelis, and by the Saudi security forces.  Here are some delightful excerpts:    "I have heard that you appeared on television feigning innocence and wondering haughtily what was your husband's sin and what was his crime. I believe you are not ignorant of the fact that he was one of the greatest criminals indeed, although he is not considered that according to your standards, you infidels."    She rails against the world, for showing concern over Johnson's case but, so she says, not speaking up to that degree about the Guantanamo detentions. Aside from the fact that no one has been killed in Guantanamo, and that there is a legal process in place for either trying or releasing the detainees there, she obviously hasn't been following the worldwide outcry over American "war crimes."    "When your husband was taken hostage, there was much talk and the world was shaken. However, these same people did not speak half as much when America, the so-called country of justice and liberty, has been detaining more than 600 Muslims in Cuba for the past three years. That is besides our prisoners in Iraq, Pakistan, the land of the Two Sacred Mosques [Saudi Arabia], Jordan, and other places.   You should know that our brethren whom you detain in your prisons and our brethren whom your husband used to burn with his helicopters are not alone. Rather, there are hearts pounding with love for them, just as you have demonstrated that you have loved your slain husband.  Nay, we love them more than you can imagine because the blood of a Muslim is for us more precious than the Ka'ba , but the blood of your husband is the blood of a dog because he is an idolatrous infidel. "  [Emphasis added]   Like bin Laden, she wants Americans to leave the Arabian peninsula. Some people read that and say, "well, that seems reasonable." But they never seem to read the whole quote. Like bin Laden, she wants the Americans to leave "lowly and humiliated." If they simply up and leave (and they have cleared out of Saudi Arabia pretty thoroughly), that doesn't answer the purpose. They have to be defeated so utterly that they know it unmistakably. And of course the U.S. military presence is an offense, not because it is military, but because it is American -- Judeo-Christian/secular, in a word, indifel. All that land is "off limits" to any of us.    "We are just getting started and the corpse of your husband shall be followed by mountains of corpses of his countrymen, until they leave the country of our Prophet, Allah's prayer and peace upon him, lowly and humiliated. How can you claim innocence for your husband, Allah's curse on him, while you have been hearing the warnings of the Mujahideen calling you to leave our country that is forbidden for you? You however shut your ears and went obstinately with your wrongdoing. This is your penalty. May you shed tears mixed with blood, just as we wept blood because of your airplanes and your troops."    She calls Johnson "the real terrorist," after informing us it was lucky for us that her husband, who presumably is not "the real terrorist," accomplished his purpose for us.    "When my husband was killed you certainly were not interested, nor did you know about it; and if you had known, you probably would have been pleased that he was killed before he reached your husband and his countrymen. However, I find solace in the fact that the Mujahideen were able to reach their target with precision, and they killed your husband by slaughtering him. By Allah, on that day I rejoiced a lot because the real terrorist was killed having been gorged with the blood of our Muslim children."     And, it can't be more clear than this:    "I don't know whether you know that we hate you, infidels, and we loathe you to the bone. ... Tell the government, which has appointed itself over us [i.e. the Saudi government], that what they do with our youth who are engaged in Jihad is good: If you kill them, you thereby send them to heaven in the shortest way, Allah willing; and if you let them stay alive, not having overcome them, that is fine for they will fight you and will force out the infidels form the land of Islam."    "Go ahead and kill us, we like it, and if you don't, we will kill you." Have it your way, then.
     
    


	 
         urlLink  The Free Muslim Coalition Against Terrorism is a nonprofit organization made up of American Muslims and Arabs of all backgrounds who feel that religious violence and terrorism have not been fully rejected by the Muslim community in the post 9-11 era.     The Coalition was created to eliminate broad base support for Islamic extremism and terrorism and to strengthen secular democratic institutions in the Middle East and the Muslim World by supporting Islamic reformation efforts.   The Coalition promotes a modern secular interpretation of Islam which is peace-loving, democracy-loving and compatible with other faiths and beliefs. The Coalition’s efforts are unique; it is the only mainstream American-Muslim organization willing to attack extremism and terrorism unambiguously. Unfortunately most other Muslim leaders believe that in terrorist organizations, the end justifies the means.    I don't recognize the names on the list provided at the Web site. So I can't give it unqualified support yet. I will try to discover more about them. But the tone, and the message, are exactly what I and some other people have been waiting for from North America's Muslim community. 
     
    


	 
      If you have a minute or two, go read this  urlLink  though-provoking piece from the New Yorker on Spain's situation vis a vis (literally) Islamic terrorism.   There are points to carp and quibble over in it, but a strand in it weaves into something I've been asking. Some people say al Qaida should be treated as a serious international entity with stated rational goals, and not as a set of mad bombers. They say Spain, or the Philippines, would have had no problem with Islamist terror if they had not made the mistake of doing the Americans' bidding in Iraq.  So what was April 2? Read on:   On April 2nd, two weeks after the election, a security guard for the ave, Spain’s high-speed train line, discovered a blue plastic bag beside the tracks forty miles south of Madrid. Inside the bag were twenty-six pounds of Goma-2. Four hundred and fifty feet of cable had been draped across the security fence and attached, incorrectly, to the detonator. Had the bomb gone off when the ave passed by — at a hundred and eighty m.p.h., carrying twelve hundred passengers — the results could have been far more catastrophic than those of March 11th. Spanish citizens asked themselves: If the bombings of March 11th had accomplished the goals set by Al Qaeda, what was the point of April 2nd?  ... Had the Madrid cell rested on its accomplishment after March 11th, Al Qaeda would properly be seen as an organization now being guided by political strategists — as an entity closer in spirit to ETA, with clear tactical objectives. April 2nd throws doubt on that perspective. There was little to be gained politically from striking an opponent who was complying with the stated demand: the government had agreed to withdraw troops from Iraq. If the point was merely humiliation or revenge, then April 2nd makes more sense; the terrorists wanted more blood, even if a second attack backfired politically. (The Socialists could hardly continue to follow the terrorist agenda with a thousand new corpses along the tracks.) April 2nd is comprehensible only if the real goal of the bombers was not Iraq but Spain, where the Islamic empire began its retreat five hundred years ago. “Spain is a target because we are the historic turning point,” [Gustavo de] Aristegui [a leader of the Popular Party] said. “After this, they are going to try to hit Rome, London, Paris, and the U.S. harder than they did before.”   And the conclusion:   One of the most sobering pieces of information to come out of the investigation of the March 11th bombings is that the planning for the attacks may have begun nearly a year before 9/11. In October, 2000, several of the suspects met in Istanbul with Amer Azizi, who had taken the nom de guerre Othman Al Andalusi—Othman of Al Andalus. Azizi later gave the conspirators permission to act in the name of Al Qaeda, although it is unclear whether he authorized money or other assistance — or, indeed, whether Al Qaeda had much support to offer. In June, Italian police released a surveillance tape of one of the alleged planners of the train bombings, an Egyptian housepainter named Rabei Osman Sayed Ahmed, who said that the operation “took me two and a half years.” Ahmed had served as an explosives expert in the Egyptian Army. It appears that some kind of attack would have happened even if Spain had not joined the Coalition — or if the invasion of Iraq had never occurred.  “The real problem of Spain for Al Qaeda is that we are a neighbor of Arab countries — Morocco and Algeria — and we are a model of economy, democracy, and secularism,” Florentino Portero, a political analyst at the Grupo de Estudios Estratégicos, in Madrid, told me. “We support the transformation and Westernization of the Middle East. We defend the transition of Morocco from a monarchy to a constitutional monarchy. We are allies of the enemies of Al Qaeda in the Arab world. This point is not clearly understood by the Spanish people. We are a menace to Al Qaeda just because of who we are.”  
     
    


	 
      This is a continuation of the dispute covered  urlLink  here,   involving an online friend from California who is deeply offended by his hometown newspaper's publication of graphic photos of dead U.S. Marines in Iraq, and the newspaper's editors' justification of it because, as they wrote, "Liberals like Michael Moore claim the media hasn't done enough. News organizations, he states in his movie "Fahrenheit 9/11" have willingly shelved the most graphic footage in order to support President Bush's dubious rationale for starting the conflict."  He forwarded to me this recent letter to the editor of that newspaper (The Desert Dispatch, a daily that circulates in Barstow, Dagget, Fort Irwin, Hinkley, Lenwood, Newberry Springs and Yermo).     If the cause is just, showing death honors soldiers   I am not sure how hiding the horror of the deaths of those four U.S. Marines would honor their memory. If as one letter writer quotes in Denton's poem, "It is the solider, not the reporter, Who has given us freedom of the press," then it is the obligation of the press to honor that soldier's sacrifice by practicing the freedom he/she died to protect.  Should the death of our children be sanitized so that the American public can equate their deaths with the violence seen in the movies and video games where no real person is really harmed?  It is my belief if the cause is just, and our freedom is really on the line, the pictures of our sacrificed dead would be acceptable.   It is in the context of a war that was sold to us on the basis of false information, voted for by a Congress who circumvented their constitutional duty by giving the power to declare war to the President, and where the ugliness of war is hidden from us by those who want to protect their offices.   It would be more accurate to say the showing of the horror and reality of the deaths of these brave young people actually honors them more than sweeping their deaths under the rug of media self censorship.  I too am horrified by the deaths of these wonderfully vibrant parts of our future contributions to our society will never be realized.   We must not let a misguided and misrepresented view of honor bury our collective head in the proverbial sand.  Mr. Cooke who expresses concern over higher taxes if Bush is voted out of office seems to ignore the fact that the state and local taxes went up because of Bush's tax cuts and irresponsible spending on the Iraq war.  Going to war is a time to ask for sacrifice from ALL Americans, not just the young people of today who are being killed, but the young of tomorrow who will be footing the bill in the decades to come.  This would have been a good time for a national sales tax to pay for the war as we go, or, does the administration know that this war would not SELL if we had to actually pay for it now?    What an odd thing it is to be interested in fighting, but too lazy to find your own weapons to do it. This letter-writer takes a quotation from another's correspondence, someone he wishes to disagree with, and attempts to use it to batter his opponent. Someone should tell him not to grab the sword by the blade-end.   "It is the solider, not the reporter, Who has given us freedom of the press."   Very well, and just like the soldier, who is empowered to kill, we expect the press to wield its power responsibly, which includes withholding it in certain circumstances. The media honors the fallen soldier when it uses its freedom to tell all as sensibly and responsibly as the soldier, we trust, used his privilege to take lives.  The writer calls up the image of video game and movie deaths, as an example of the "sanitized" vision of death that he urges the newspaper to step well beyond. This, too, backfires on him. These graphic video game and movie images disturb a great many Americans, to judge by the continuing outrcry against them, and in fact video games and violent "entertainment" carry ratings for gore and violence which is meant to keep them away from the eyes of children. Is the Desert Dispatch's reader here suggesting the newspaper, too, carry such a rating?  But I understand why the writer prefers to argue using other people's ideas, because the home-brewed notion he serves up next is among the most curious and repulsive I've seen: "It is my belief if the cause is just, and our freedom is really on the line, the pictures of our sacrificed dead would be acceptable."   This is an either-or proposition, though only one half of it is stated. There can be only two options because you either run the photos of the dead soldiers on the battlefield (the option he mentions), or you don't.  He then goes on to divide wars based on "causes:" just wars in which our "freedom" is at risk, and, presumably, unjust wars in which it is not.  This shows how little he understands of the matter. The soldier's war, and his honor, are personal. He or she enlists to follow orders and fight, defend the nation and defeat its enemies. The politicians and the stay-at-homes and the media debate the purposes and consequences. Unless the soldier gets a direct order to do something he knows to be morally indefensible, and inconsistent with the code of honor of a warrior, he is bound to obey.  That is the awesome core of his responsibility, for which we pay him due honor, living and dead. He or she gives up a certain personal freedom, for a certain time, so that the rest of us can have it unimpeded all the time.  Soldiers fight and die in battles, not "causes." There are good and bad soldiers in every cause, in every war. The G.I.'s that liberated France in 1944 committed an estimated 3,620 rapes, killed POWs and looted civilian property. Many German soldiers in that war, from the start to the finish of their experience, behaved with the exemplary military discipline that was a hallmark of old Prussian culture. The majority of U.S. Marines in Vietnam fought an honorable war and saved many civilian lives; the North Vietnamese had their share of ruthless sadistic civilian-killers.  Consider the ridiculous idea that we ought to show the dead only of "just" wars, while showing the dead of "unjust" ones dishonors them. Taking this writer's position (and presuming a bit about his politics) the newspaper can show no pictures of American dead from Vietnam, but can show any of them from World War II, but it can't show German or Japanese dead from that war. And who can we show from World War I?  But of course the writer doesn't mean us to take seriously this wretched attempt at moral logic. He gives it away in the very next paragraph, where he breaks out in the dreary mantra of the anti-war party:  "It is in the context of a war that was sold to us on the basis of false information  (much of what is called false in the anti-war book turns out to be true -- Saddam really did try to buy uranium from Niger, there really are WMD in Iraq),  voted for by a Congress who circumvented their constitutional duty by giving the power to declare war to the President  (no war has been declared, so how is that so? Any more than in Kosovo or Korea?),  and where the ugliness of war is hidden from us by those who want to protect their offices."  (Yes of course, that's why you never see pictures of dead American soldiers in the newspapers or dead Iraqis in graphic detail on the movie screens across America)   And there's the essential contradiction of this letter, which drains it entirely of sense. The reader lets us know very clearly here that he regards this war as "unjust." And he's said it is morally proper to show photos of dead soldiers only in just wars. Yet he is cheering on the newspaper for publishing photos of dead soldiers in this war.  Beyond that, it's just a matter of picking apart the corpse of his thought. The same kind of non-thinking colors the next few paragraphs, where the writer first says it is the duty of future generations to pay their share of the war and then says it is our duty to tax ourselves to spare future generations the expense.  The one thing I agree with him about is that the public is not making enough sacrifices, or being asked to make enough, to show its commitment to the war on Islamist terror and the rebuilding of Iraq. No country serious about fighting a war that we all understand to be rooted, in part, in our dependency on Middle Eastern oil should be riding around in SUVs and complaining that the cost of gas is now nearly half what it is in European nations that are not at war here.  Organizations like  urlLink  Spirit of America   have collected hundreds of thousands of dollars for their activities in helping Iraqis rebuild their country. Groups that advertise they are sending care packages to soldiers find themselves swamped with donations. Taken together, the American voluntary contribution to this cause must be in the millions of dollars.  The difference between me and the writer of this is, he is willing to bet the country would balk at such a commitment, and I am certain we'd take it up in the spirit of our ancestors, if the case was made as plainly and clearly as the deceptions are made in the anti-war circles. 
     
    


	 
       urlLink  Dhimmi Watch   cites this article from the Guardian:    A Birmingham vicar was today accused of "political correctness gone mad" after calling for the historic Saracen's Head pub to be renamed because it offends Muslims.  Kings Norton's rector, Canon Rob Morris, said the name, which harks back to the Crusades, was "offensive," although he had heard no complaints.    The decision was "blasted" by a city councillor named Margaret Sutton: "It's political correctness gone mad. What next? Will they change the name of the church as well?" But Morris is persisting.    "The name we have got does manage to be offensive to Muslims and that's not what Christians stand for."  It's clearly disrespectful to another religious tradition in this city. We shall be looking for brilliant ideas for a name change that will signify something to all."  He said residents would be consulted about any change at the parish-owned building, although he acknowledged the name had been used "in all innocence for years by people who are very attached to it."    "Political correctness" is an overused term, but it's hard for me to discover any other reason why this name suddenly is objectionable. Perhaps it is the association of the Middle Eastern image with a drinking establishment. True, pious Muslims do not drink alcoholic liquor, but then a "Saracen," an ethnic designation older than Muhammad, is not the same as a "Muslim." And despite the religious strictures, many great poets of the Islamic world have celebrated the joys of wine.  The Evening Mail polled some Birmingham Muslims about the name and found they quite sensibly thought it was irrelevant and unoffensive. But Birmingham Central Mosque chairman Mohammed Naseem is quoted in the Guardian article as saying Saracens were a symbol of "hatred and animosity." But the article doesn't say what he means by that, and frankly I can't imagine why he feels that way.  Old-time taverns were not named for themselves, but for their signs. In an age before most people could write, you'd identify your house as a public house by displaying a wooden sign painted with some common or heraldic emblem. Dragons, blue balls, white horses, ships, unicorns, and boots all graced the signs of medieval English taverns. Chaucer's Tabard, immortalized in  The Canterbury Tales,  was the word for a knight's surcoat, and presumably this was what was painted on the inn's sign.  One of the common devices was a "head" of a well-known person or figure. "Tavern names such as King's Head, Druid's Head, Turk's Head, Alfred's Head, Boar's Head, are common" [Ewen, C. L'Estrange,  A History of Surnames of the British Isles,  London, 1931, p.231.]. In America "Indian's Head" was added to the list.  This doesn't mean a severed head. Rather it's a portrait of the upper body and head of the person in question. The distinction matters, because a number of people who commented on the Dhimmi Watch site have made the connection between this flap over the "Saracen's Head" and the recent beheadings of non-Muslims in the Middle East, including the American contractor Nick Berg.  One poster wrote, with delicious sarcasm (I hope):    Might I suggest renaming this unclean establishment the "Christian's Head"? The heads of real Christians could be placed on pikes in front of the building for advertising purposes. I'm sure that arrangements could be made for a continuing supply of fresh heads. Of course, once all the British people embrace Islam, there would develop a shortage of heads. I'm sure that importation from America could be arranged, but there really would be no need. There will be no vending of alcohol in the Islamic state.    To which someone replied, agreeing with the proposed new name "Christian's Head."    And gory make-believe heads should be placed outside on spikes, with names like Nicholas Berg etc., to remind everyone how the Islam of today still chops the heads off of Christians all around the world.    Oops ... Berg was Jewish.  So if the "head" part of the tavern name is inoffensive, perhaps the other part is.  Saracen is simply the old name for "Arab," and it goes right back through Latin ( saracenus ) and Greek ( sarakenos ). It was the name Greeks and Romans gave to the nomads of the Syrian and Arabian deserts. The ultimate source usually is said to be Arabic  Sharquiyin,  which is related to the Arabic word for "sunrise" and thus would mean "people to (or of) the East." In Medieval Europe, the name was associated (by folk etymology) with that of Sarah in the Old Testament, as though it meant "descendant of Sarah." It was a general name from the time of the Crusades for "Middle Eastern Muslim."  "Saracen's Head" and "Turk's Head" were used somewhat interchangeably in tavern names. "Turk," similarly, was applied vaguely and generally to Middle Eastern Muslims during the 16th and 17th centuries, when the Turkish Ottoman Empire was the chief Islamic power known in Europe. Just so, throughout the Islamic world during and after the Crusades, the word "Feringhee" was used generally to describe all Europeans, even though it is based on an Arabic pronunciation of "Frank," the old name of the French.  One of the stories behind the origin of the "Saracen's/Turk's Head" tavern name was that it indicated that the tavern-keeper was a veteran of the Crusades, and the sign advertised the fact that patrons could expect to hear exotic tales of foreign lands.  Another origin-story involves gruesome tales of a sultan's chef, who, when asked for some special meat delicacy that he could not prepare, killed his own son, cooked the corpse, and served it to his ruler, bringing the boy's head out as the last course. There is an account of something like this in the tale of Astyages, the mad Persian king, in Herodotus [1.119], and a similar story is told of the House of Atreus in the Triojan War cycle. Yet this likely is a just-so story, imagined by people unfamiliar with the old tavern signs, which hardly drip gore.  Very likely many of the old Saracen's Heads were named for specific characters, but as time passed the original associations were lost and generic names took their place. A colonial Philadelphia beer house that originally appears on the records as "Kouli Khan" (presumably a corruption of "Kublai Khan") later is called merely "Turk's Head." A likely inspiration for many of these tavern signs was Saladin, regarded as a romantic, chivalrous hero in the old tales (Though, as a Kurd, he technically was neither Saracen nor Turk). Hardly a sign of disrespect.  Turk's Heads or Saracen's Heads were less common in America than in England. There was a Turk's Head outside Philadelphia in the 18th century that gave its name to the village that grew up around it. The village became a town when the county seat moved there, but at the same time it gave up its colorful old name for more dignified-sounding one, a name not associated with a log tavern. But the people never forgot it, and still the Turk's Head name appears there as part of the names of various businesses, and the tavern's old sign hangs prominently in the local historical society. The dark, turbaned Turk, neither smiling nor scowling, looks without blinking over the other relics of the old borough.  The modern name of the place is West Chester. It's just a little town, but you may have heard of it if you followed the news this year. It's the hometown of Nick Berg. 
     
    


	 
      The New York Times is reporting on the  urlLink  Spanish government's proposal   to give cash payments to the nation's 200 or so mosques. In the Times story, this is presented as a smart anti-terrorist measure.    The Spanish government has begun formal discussions on a proposal to expand financing to religious institutions, and security officials say that one intention is to subsidize mosques to make them less dependent on money from militant groups abroad.  The Justice Ministry proposal, which legal scholars say is likely to test the limits of Spain's separation of church and state, reflects a widespread belief among counterterrorism officials here that Spanish mosques are vulnerable to the influences of militant groups because they feel the need to turn to the militants for money.    Antonio Camacho, the secretary of state security at the Interior Ministry, says, "It's about keeping them from having to look outside for financing because the state does not, in a way, support their activities."  But then later, he says, "This is not about controlling them, no, no, no. It's about guaranteeing freedom of religion, because they won't feel committed to outside channels for financing."  The local Islamic leaders quoted in the story insist their financing comes from their own worshippers. But a Justice Ministry officials is cited as saying significant financing for Spanish mosques comes from untraceable sources in Saudi Arabia and Morocco.  So, under the new plan, the government offers them money, and makes no attempt to tie that money to any commitment to Spanish democracy and a free society. It makes no attempt to link the donation to a turning away from foreign (perhaps Wahhabist or worse) cash. It allows an Islamist imam, if he chooses, to take his foreign cash and augment it with a government grant. It only throws money at the mosques and hopes for the best.  This is a nation where the imact of Islamist terror is not an abstract, but a very real experience. This from a government that refuses to even listen to what is being preached in these mosques.    The Socialist government, elected in March just three days after the Madrid bombings, has been cautious in discussing its proposal. In May, it drew criticism from Islamic leaders and civil liberties groups by suggesting that Spanish laws needed to be altered to allow the government to monitor Muslim sermons.  It quickly backed away from the idea, and officials are now careful to avoid describing any proposals as an effort to control the mosques.    According to the Times, Jesús Núñez Villaverde, director of the Institute for the Study of Conflicts and Humanitarian Action, "told Parliament recently that Spain must find a way to dilute the presence of 'fundamentalist religious expression that is financed through its own channels, and for which we have not one single instrument of influence, contact or association.' "  But I don't think paying them protection money is the answer.
     
    


	 
      High up in the  urlLink  New York Times' Sunday profile of Fuaad Ahmed al-Jawary, a Baghdad defense attorney,   is a lovely bit of spin.    It might be hard to imagine that in a place where bombs keep blowing up and raw sewage splashes in the streets there would be a functioning legal system, complete with subpoenas, autopsies, objections, search warrants, evidence reports and public defenders.    Red flag: the missing subject in the copula sentence. "It might be hard" for  whom  to imagine this? Really, the answer is "the reporter and the editor." But the sentence structure draws the reader into the conspiracy. It's pure manipulation and editorializing.  This is pretty typical reporting for the Times, I've noticed. Every now and then the Times reporters will write on some positive development in Iraq. They're not going to ignore a "good story" even if it smacks of "good news." But always, near the top, you'll find the graph that tells you, this is the exception.  "We all know Iraq is a great big George Bush quagmire, don't we? We've told you that many times. Well, here's a bit of local color you'll enjoy, and you might mistake it for evidence of progress. But we're going to couch it in these terms just so you're sure not to falter in your faith in everything else we've been feeding you."  There's sewage in the streets of Bolivia and Bangladesh, too. Does it surprise the Times to learn that those countries have courts?  As for violence, it's bad, but most people in Iraq never get close to it personally (see the polls and surveys), and the Times' quip reminds me of the many Europeans I've encountered who assume that all Americans live in fear for their lives and get in shoot-outs every day because that's the bulk of what they see in their media (and Hollywood movies) about life in the U.S.  And frankly, if you've been getting your Iraq news solely from the Times and media outlets like it, you  would  think that way, and require that reassurance of your world-view that it was all a terrible mistake and we've ruined a good country.  It would have been just as easy, and more true, to write, "in a nation still rebuilding after decades of tyrannical repression, the Iraqis have reclaimed their legal system and, with the help and protection of the U.S., it is thriving."  But that would be too much like  urlLink  good news from Iraq.  
     
    


	 
      Every week, the newspaper runs a multiple choice survey question on the editorial page. It's hardly a scientific poll -- one person with an agenda and no life can sit there and dial in the same answer over and over and there's no way to detect the ballot-stuffing. But sometimes the way you ask a question reveals more than the answers.  Recently I was copy-editing an editorial page with that week's question. The gist of it was, "what is the most important issue in the upcoming election." Choices were: economy, health care, foreign policy, environment, education.  Usually I just keep my mouth shut and say nothing. Usually I know it's only going to earn me uncomprehending stares and suspicious whispering. But this time I couldn't help myself from writing in the margin, "what about 'war on terror'?"  After I handed it back to the editorial page editor, and he read it, he approached me and said, "well, I figure that's included under 'foreign policy.' "  There it is again: the two Americas. Not the two John Edwards talks about, but the one that thinks we're in a dangerous war against a deadly enemy, and the one that thinks the attack on New York and the success or failure of Iraq are to be lumped in with peanut subsidies for Malawi.
     
    


	 
       urlLink  MEMRI   has translated this wonderful article from London-based Al Hayat, the foremost international daily newspaper for the international Arab-speaking market. Al Hayat is the kind of objective and independent publication that I'd love to see blossom in Iraq and, eventually, across the Arab world.  It's written by Sheikh Abd Al-Hamid Al-Ansari, the former Dean of the Faculty of Sharia at the University of Qatar. The title is "Following the 9/11 Commission, do the Arabs have the Courage to Reconsider their Position?" He points out the ridiculous conspiracy theories that abounded after 9/11, and, after looking at the full U.S. joint commission report of that day, he challenges his peers to either support their claims or apologize.   The 9/11 Commission depicted the full and accurate picture of the attacks, their planning, their perpetration, the perpetrators, and their nationalities. The report clarified that the idea of the attacks was conceived by Khaled Sheikh Muhammad, who admitted that he first discussed the idea of attacking the World Trade Center with commercial planes with his nephew Ramzi Yousef [the architect of the first World Trade Center bombing in 1993]. They discussed it again when they planned the Bojenka conspiracy in Manila in 1995, which aimed at hijacking commercial planes on 10 American targets, including the 4 targets chosen for September 11, American intelligence headquarters, the highest tower in California, and nuclear reactors. He presented the plan to Osama bin Laden and the Al-Qa'ida leaders, who at first weren't enthusiastic about it because of its complexity and magnitude, but in April 1999 bin Laden invited him to Kandahar and told him that Al-Qa'ida supported his idea. Bin Laden chose the first four suicide bombers after the original plan was changed.   The American report also describes how the four trained to fly commercial planes in America and how they established four groups, the first group led by the Egyptian Muhammad Atta, with four hijackers. The second group would be led by Marwan Al-Sheihi, from the Emirates, with four hijackers. The third group, led by the Saudi Hani Hanjur, with four hijackers. The fourth group was led by the Lebanese Ziad Al-Jarrah with three hijackers, totaling 19 hijackers. The report criticizes the CIA, stating that they missed 10 opportunities to discover their activities. It claims that there were flaws in the operation, capabilities, forecasts, and policies of the CIA, and that it needs to undergo major changes. President Bush responded to the recommendations and has begun implementing them.    No doubt the Americans are going to draw practical lessons from the report in order to prevent their recurrence of their failings. But what about us? What about the Arabs who are the active element in this conspiracy?    After September 11, we blamed the Israeli Mossad for planning the attacks. This belief prevailed not only among popular circles. Intellectuals and high-level figures held to this belief, validating it by their allegation that 4,000 Jews didn't come to work at the World Trade Center on that cursed morning, and by the arrest of the Jews who gleefully took pictures of the destruction.   Another group among us blamed the American extremist right for planning the attacks in order to provide a justification to attack Afghanistan and spread American hegemony in Central Asia. We are also very happy with the book written by the French crook Thierry Meyssan, 'The Appalling Fraud,' who became a millionaire thanks to our stupidity in translating the book into Arabic and disseminating it. Another group, headed by Muhammad Hassanein Hayka l, blamed the Yugoslavian Serbs for carrying out the attack in revenge for America's attacks on them.    The question must be asked: Are those who blame the Mossad, the American Right, and the Serbs still holding strong to their convictions? What do they say about the American report? Do our religious leaders, especially those who appear so many times on the satellite channels and who have a monopoly on programs on Al-Jazeera, still hold to the conviction that Al-Qa'ida and bin Laden [are] innocent of the September 11 attacks? These leaders used to say that bin Laden is a miserable sheikh who has no capability of planning operations at this high a level of accuracy and planning, and that the 9/11 attacks were perpetrated by the Americans themselves in order to prepare for attacks on Muslims and Islam.    Moreover, one of our religious leaders claims that America is absolutely certain that bin Laden is innocent and he is being blamed because of their Crusader approach that hates Islam and Muslims. Does this sheikh and the others who held these conspiratorial theories and spread them - do they have the courage to apologize for their words, mistakes, and misleading of other people after all the facts have now been clarified, or are they going to continue with their arrogant stubbornness as if this whole matter doesn't relate to them?   One of the absurdities is that while Al-Qa'ida and its supporters are proud of their deeds, calling them the 'Manhattan Raid,' and even printing advertisements in London in commemoration of the 9/11 attacks, with pictures of the 'magnificent 19' -– our religious, cultural, and political elite [are] struggling to deny that [the Arabs] could have had anything to do with it.    Do we have the courage to criticize ourselves, to admit to our fault, and to apologize as many people do, or is it one of our hidden qualities that we are a people that are incapable of apologizing? Why won't we take the opportunity of the appearance of the 9-11 Commission's report to ponder why destructive violence and a culture of destruction have taken root in our society? Why won't we take this opportunity to reconsider our educational system, our curricula, including the religious, media, and cultural discourse that causes our youth to live in a constant tension with the world?    As Daniel Pipes (and others) say, "Radical Islam is the problem; moderate Islam is the solution." The Middle East -- and the world -- need more outlets like Al Hayat, more voices like Al-Ansari. But there's not a handful of major media in the Dar as Islam that would print this. I think the "Star" in Lebanon might, but I'm having a hard time naming a second candidate.
     
    


	 
      The U.S. government may have a hard time envisioning a useful role for the United Nations, but the Islamist fundamentalists do not.  urlLink  This article   is based on remarks by Maulana Fazlur Rehman, Chief of Jamiat Ulema-i-Islam, the powerful hard-line Taliban-linked political party in Pakistan. He spoke at an international Islamic conference in Birmingham, England.   Opposition Leader in National Assembly Maulana Fazlur Rehman on Monday  demanded that the United Nations should declare the defamation of Prophet Muhammad (Peace Be Upon Him) an international crime.    Addressing a large gathering here, Maulana Fazl said the UN needed to adopt a blasphemy law to protect the honour of Prophet Muhammad (PBUH) and respected figures of other religions and faiths.   He denounced the anti-Islamic attitude by the West and spurned as baseless charges of involvement of Muslims in terrorist acts.   ... Maulana Fazl said Europe should not consider Muslims an enemy but study Islamic teachings. He said to fight terrorism with terrorism was leading the world to destruction.   He said a great number of Qadiyanis were converting to Islam.  [ed. note: this sect, like the Ahmadis, mentioned later, is a minority splinter group that practices a modified form of Islam in South Asia.]   He said attempts to repeal or amend the blasphemy law and Hudood Ordinance in the Muslim countries were under duress by western countries.   Fazl said to differentiate between Jihad and terrorism was need of the hour.   "Those who declare Islam as a religion of terrorism are the real fanatics and extremists," he said.   He said Muslims were ready to render every sacrifice to protect the honour and sanctity of Prophet Muhammad (PBUH) and the belief of finality of his prophethood.   The ratio of conversion to Islam had raised very much after 9/11 incidents, he said, adding that negative reports against Islam, Muslims and Islamic states were published by the western media after Qadiyanis and Ahmadis restored  [ed.: resorted?]  to malicious propaganda in this regard.    "Muslim countries should raise their voices in the UN for the protection of the honour and sanctity of Prophet Muhammad (PBUH) and the belief of Khatme Nubuwwat,"  he said.    The story notes that "scholars and participants from all European countries including Great Britain, Germany, Norway, Belgium, Denmark, as well as Pakistan, India, Bangladesh attended the conference." It claims that "more than 20,000 people participated in the conference."
     
    


	 
       urlLink  Iranian writer Samira Mohyeddin   has a nobly indignant editorial about the unpunished beating death of a Canadian-Iranian photographer while being interrogated in a Tehran jail. Her crime? Taking pictures of student protesters against the Islamic theocracy.   The Kazemi verdict is in and no one is guilty. No one is guilty for the seventy-two hour detention, torture, and killing of a Canadian photojournalist.  The official story from Iran is almost as absurd, as it is puzzling. First, Kazemi had a brain attack. Second, she was hit on the head. Third, she had low blood pressure, because she was on a hunger strike and, as a result, fell down.   On Wednesday July 28, 2004, more than a year after her death, Iran's judiciary proclaimed, "that the incident leading to the death of the late Kazemi was because of a drop in her blood sugar level caused by a hunger strike, thus making her fall from a standing position and get hurt."   Her son, in Canada, has called for the government there to do something, anything, in reaction to the murder of one of its citizens. Finally, the government has decided what to do:   Foreign Affairs Minister Pierre Pettigrew ... hinted at further legal or diplomatic steps to put pressure on Iran, saying the Canadian government is "reviewing its options." But he stopped short of announcing any concrete initiatives.   One suggestion is that Ottawa take the case to the International Court of Justice at The Hague.  Good friggin' luck there, neighbor.  Mohyeddin has a clearer sense of indignation about this:   The truth is that a Canadian photojournalist was illegally detained, beaten, tortured, and killed. For Canada to continue its fruitless engagement with the Islamic Republic of Iran is not only non-sensical, but also disingenuous. It was a Canadian that penned the Universal Declaration of Human Rights in 1948, a declaration that the Iranian government is a signatory to, and Canada must occupy a prominent role in its enforcement.  
     
    


	 
      Comes from one of the European outlets picked up in the  urlLink  BBC's world press round-up      To a great degree there is no Democratic party candidate John Kerry. There is an abstract "anti-Bush" candidate who has been compelled, in accordance with the US electoral system, to take on human form and assume a human name ....    Sergei Lopatnikov in Russia's  Russky Kuryer     
     
    


	 
      The "Telegraph" reports that  urlLink  "Australia aggravated a diplomatic row with Spain yesterday by accusing the socialist government of encouraging terrorists."     Brushing aside the furious response to earlier comments pointing the finger at Madrid, Alexander Downer, the foreign minister, said he would not apologise.  He said that Spain and the Philippines needed "to face up to the truth" that by withdrawing their contingents from Iraq they had allowed themselves to be exploited by terrorists.  "There is no point in trying to scurry away from the truth," Mr Downer said. "I am sensitive about the fact that terrorists use the examples of Spain and the Philippines to put pressure on Australia.  "If you accede to the demands of terrorists, they will exploit the acceding to their demand. ... We are not going to apologise. We shall let bygones be bygones."  The comments caused great offence in Madrid. Australia's ambassador there was summoned to be told that the comments were "unacceptable."   To which  urlLink  No Pasaran   suggests the appropriate response:   I hope that Australia's ambassador answered that he did not see why the smug Spaniards (like the French) should have the right to haughtily disdain coalition members as poodles, and this from their passive, non-interventionist position where they risk nothing (any more); and why the Australians, who, like their coalition allies (i.e., those who have not pulled out their troops from Iraq), face blackmail and terrorist threats (because actively engaged, with troops on the ground) should not have the right to voice their opinion, notably on the threats in question and what these have accomplished among their (former) allies.  ... It is true that as far as opinions are concerned, we're back to double standards. (We never left them, did we?) One has the right, even the duty, to ridicule and castigate America and is allies, but let no one even think of putting into doubt the good intentions, the rationality, the humanism, the vision, the love of peace, and the  lucidité  (as well as  le courage ) of the members of the peace camp.  
     
    


	 
      By John Koopman c.2004 San Francisco Chronicle  BAGHDAD, Iraq -- Rwaida's death hit everyone hard.  Partly because she was a buddy they had known for a long time. Mostly, because she was an innocent, brutally slain for the simple reason that she worked for the Americans.  "Rwaida was a pal, she was a running buddy," said Staff Sgt. Tom Kelly of New Orleans. In the Army, a running buddy is the best kind of friend. Someone you run with, hang out with.  Rwaida Al Shemre worked as an interpreter for the 3rd Battalion, 82nd Field Artillery Regiment in central Baghdad. On July 5, an Iraqi driver picked her up at her home and started toward the Army base near the airport. A car drove in front of them and blocked them in. Another pulled up behind. Someone approached the car and fired at Rwaida and the driver.  Rwaida was hit four times. She was shot once in the face. Another in the arm, a defensive wound. She died before she reached the hospital. She was 33.  Capt. Dave Minaschek, of Sierra Vista, Ariz., said soldiers are trying to find out who killed her. It means a lot to them, because Rwaida meant a lot to them.  This is the harsh reality for people who work with U.S. forces in Iraq. Some killings make the headlines, or the Internet. But many more happen on the streets and in the darkness, and almost no one knows about them.  Interpreters are particularly easy targets for insurgents, or anyone with a grudge against the U.S. forces. They are unarmed and often unguarded when they leave base.  The gunmen seem to target the female interpreters. Rwaida was one of four interpreters killed in the central and southern part of the city in the last two weeks.  Soldiers with the Army's Brigade Combat Team 5 said a female interpreter was kidnapped as she left the front gate in mid-July. Her father was killed in the street and she was taken away, only to be found dead later.  "God knows what they did to her," said one soldier who knew of the incident.  Some interpreters live with the soldiers in the Forward Operating Bases. Others live off-base. They all take great care to hide their identities while they translate exchanges between the Americans and Iraqis. Some men wear bandannas over their faces, and the women pull head scarves down low.  Some wear body armor; most don't. They never use their real names at work; the soldiers refer to them by American names like "Doris" or "Eric." Rwaida went by "Sally."  No one seems to know where she learned English. Kelly said Rwaida had a brother in Canada, and often added "eh?" to her sentences.  Rwaida, a hairdresser, first worked for the Army unit that preceded this one at the base. Capt. James Zoizack of the 4th Battalion, 1st Field Artillery, 1st Armored Division, heard her call out a greeting when he was on patrol and talked her into coming to work for the Americans. She made good money at it, by Iraqi standards: about $400 a month.  When she was working with Zoizack's unit, she once saw that a man had pulled a gun and was about to shoot an American. She tried to push the soldier out of the way, Kelly said, and ended up with a flesh wound in her abdomen.  When 3rd Battalion, 82nd Field Artillery came along, she became the interpreter. And she was a good one, Kelly said. She did more than just translate Arabic into English, he said, she explained things to both Iraqis and Americans. If she thought an Iraqi contractor was trying to cheat or lie, or if she heard one Iraqi tell another to cheat or lie in front of the soldiers, she would say so.  The soldiers learned to count on her for more than just language skills.  "She was one of us," Kelly said.  If a soldier was sick, Rwaida would bring a special Iraqi soup, the local version of chicken soup, to make him better.  She was a single mother. Her husband had left her not long after her daughter was born. She had sent her 10-year-old daughter to live in Jordan with a sister while she worked for the Americans. Soldiers would flirt with her, ask her if she would consider marrying an American.  "How much money you got, eh?" she would ask, then laugh.  But working with the Americans, and perhaps because she was an assertive woman in an area where women are supposed to be docile, she caught the attention of various Iraqis. There were veiled threats. Sometimes soldiers would notice a certain body language between her and the Iraqis. Later, Rwaida would tell the soldiers that she had been asked things like, "Why are you working for the Americans?" and "Where do you live?" or "Don't I know you, what's your name?"  At least twice, she was threatened outright: "Don't work with the coalition," Capt. Minaschek said.  She never listened. But she did make plans to leave the country to make a better life for her daughter. She had gotten papers to move to Canada to live with her brother and was preparing to leave at the end of the year, after the battalion returns to the United States.  "She said she liked the battalion and she didn't want to leave while we were still here," Kelly said. "She didn't even want to leave Iraq, really. She said she wanted to come back in a couple of years and live here."  The day of her death, the news stunned the soldiers. At first they heard that she had been wounded, and the driver killed. They rushed to the hospital and found a harried doctor.  Where could they find Al Shemre?  "That one is dead," the doctor said.  The soldiers stood in stunned silence. They asked to see her body and were taken to the morgue.  "She was laid out on the floor," Kelly said. "We told them to put her on a bed. Her family was on their way to see her."  The soldiers put together a memorial ceremony at their compound. Dozens showed up, including 15 members of her family -- her daughter Doa'a; her mother; two sisters; a brother; and various cousins. Off at the side was a table with a photo of Rwaida and some of her belongings.  When a soldier dies in combat, his or her comrades walk past the memorial -- usually a rifle stuck in the ground with helmet on top -- and salute. After Rwaida's ceremony ended, the soldiers walked past the table and saluted.  "Her death hit me harder than anything I've experienced over here," said Capt. Evans Hanson of Houston, who worked closely with her.  "Rwaida went out with troops hundreds of times and faced dangers everywhere she went," Hanson said at her memorial service. "She looked powerful men in the eye and faced them without fear, because she knew they were up to no good. No one could say she wasn't a strong woman."  But she had a soft side, too.  "Near a school in Yarmouk, we found a family living between mud walls with no food or shelter," Hanson said. "Sgt. Kelly asked if we should stop and help. I callously said, "Forget it. We can't help everyone. All we have is toothpaste anyway.'  "Rwaida said, "No, help them a little bit just!' That day, we made some lasting friends just by listening a little. Rwaida taught me how to care."  Two days after Rwaida was killed, a young woman showed up, looking for a job as an interpreter. Kelly interviewed her.  "I felt like I had to explain the situation, and make sure she understood the danger," Kelly said. "I told her that a previous interpreter had just been killed. She just said, "God will protect me."'  The new interpreter, who the soldiers call Nadia, studied English at a local university. She's 22, the oldest of four children, the only girl. She wants to go to the United States someday.  "I am not afraid," she said. "I know this is my duty and that I should do that."  She said she appreciates the money she earns, but the amount is not material. "Morals should be the most important thing for everyone."  "I have great respect for the Christian people," she said. "They respect God and I love God. Too many Muslims hurt each other."
     
    


	 
       urlLink Andrew Sullivan  is absolutely blistering about the President's proposed "Fag Amendment" ban on gay marriage. And he's absolutely right. This is a farce. This is not why we have a Constitution. It's an insult to the integrity of that document. You don't have to be a fan of gay marriage to support the integrity of the Constitution.   I hope this is just Bush playing to the base, with a plan he has no intention of really pursuing. But even if that's the case, it's cheap, cruel, and frittering away another chance to bring the country toward dialogue and away from internal confrontation. And it's frittering away me. I've been supporting the administration almost entirely based on foreign policy. The domestic side is pretty dreadful.   I've been impressed by the photos from San Francisco. Average people, dressed in tuxedos and wedding gowns, or business suits, or jeans and flannel shirts, lining up to get a simple piece of paper that validates their emotional attachments. Who is harmed by that? Images like that, if they have enough time to seep into the public consciousness, will change more minds than any argument, however logical.    25th. (Christmas-day). To church in the morning, and there saw a wedding in the church, which I have not seen many a day; and the young people so merry one with another, and strange to see what delight we married people have to these poor fools decoyed into our condition, every man and woman gazing and smiling at them.  [Samuel Pepys, Diary, December 25, 1665]   The Santorum objection -- that allowing gays to marry with lead to a slippery slope of condoned bestiality and paedophilia -- seems to be easily answered by defining marriage/civil union (on the state level) as a contract between consenting adults. The other objection I can see is to San Francisco's flouting of state law; a bit of "nullification" on an odd modern context. The ghost of Edmund Ruffin walks Castro Street at midnight. Civil disobedience isn't the answer to every bad law, but this one, again, seems to harm no one.   It irks me to read that the GOP pulled this wedge issue stunt "to appeal to conservatives." One of the core definitions of a conservative is someone who has a strong respect for the Constitution as it was written, and one who tends to support state's rights. This amendment proposal is poison to them. 
     
    


	 
      I have no intention of seeing Mel Gibson's big-budget Aramaic snuff film, but some things can be noted even without seeing the movie. The debate among critics and pundits about whether Gibson "took liberties" with the Gospel is amusing. It shows how Americans still have few clues about the book that many of them revere above the law and common sense.  Just turning the New Testament into a narrative involves gross liberties taken. There are four versions of the story. Each one is different from the others. In some places one or two agree, but in key places they give four different versions of events. To pick one, the writer has to ignore the majority.  There are variant readings of all those gospels, some of them very ancient.  Gibson may use Latin or Aramaic in his dialogue, but the gospels were written in Greek, including most of the dialogue. To figure out what anyone said, you'd have to guess which word of Latin or Aramaic was translated into which word of Greek.
     
    


	 
       urlLink  Elena and her Kawasaki Ninja visit the ghost city of Chernobyl. She takes beautiful, tragic pictures and writes heartwrenching simple observations.  
     
    


	 
      "ETA or al Qaeda--the difference is important, to be sure, but the response to what has happened should be the same: firmness, political unity and international cooperation. Each and every democrat in the world was on those trains in Madrid. It has been an attack against all of us, against everything we believe in, and against everything we have built.  "It is precisely for this reason that we must not send out confusing messages, messages that induce people to believe that we have to make concessions to those demanding that we kneel before bombs."   urlLink  The whole piece. Worthwhile reading.   
     
    


	 
       (This was an e-mail I sent to a well-known woman blogger from Iraq, who finds that her life now is far worse than it was under Saddam, and who never seems to pass up a chance to get in a dig at Americans. It seemed to me she shot and missed with this one. No, she didn't write back, of course.)   You wrote:   "Important note to those of you who are going to email me: The last few days, I have received at least 3 emails saying, "I read your blog and don't agree with what you say but we have a famous saying in America- I don't agree with what you say but I'll die for your right to say it." Just a note- it's not your famous American saying, it is French and it is Voltaire's famous saying:"I do not agree with a word you say, but I will fight to the death for your right to say it." "   Actually, you're wrong.  The quote usually appears as "I disapprove of what you say, but I will defend to the death your right to say it." It's often attributed to Voltaire. But it's not from his writings. The quote is first used in 1906, by a woman named Evelyn Beatrice Hall (1868-1919), who wrote a biography of Voltaire under the pseudonym S.G. Tallentyre.  Here's the relevant passage from her book:   ...The men who had hated [the book], and had not particularly loved Helvétius, flocked round him now. Voltaire forgave him all injuries, intentional or unintentional. 'What a fuss about an omelette!' he had exclaimed when he heard of the burning. How abominably unjust to persecute a man for such an airy trifle as that! 'I disapprove of what you say, but I will defend to the death your right to say it,' was his attitude now.    She said it was a paraphrase of Voltaire's words in his  "Essay on Tolerance" : "Think for yourselves and let others enjoy the privilege to do so too."  This was the source of the quote that Americans reach for when they are troubled when someone uses the free speech that we cherish, to say things that we despise. It's often said through gritted teeth, by people who are working very hard to remind themselves that this whole free speech thing is a good idea. Everyone gets tested like that sooner or later.  It wasn't a Frenchman who said the thing that we like to repeat. It was an Englishwoman.  As a footnote, Norbert Guterman, in  "A Book of French Quotations"  (1963) found this line in a letter from Voltaire to M. le Riche (Feb. 6, 1770): "Monsieur l'abbé, I detest what you write, but I would give my life to make it possible for you to continue to write." That's pretty close to the quote, and it may have been the source of Hell's quote, though she remembered it otherwise. It's a stronger statement than the usual quote, but it's a more ambivalent statement. What exactly does he mean? Especially for a man who would write, six years later, "I am very fond of truth, but not at all of martyrdom."  You're far from alone in misattributing this quote. So much so that one historical researcher has paraphrased it as, "I may disagree with what you say, but I will defend to the death your right to mis-attribute this quote to Voltaire."  You never said your despised American correspondents said it was "our" quote, one that was unique to us and invented by us. So what's the point of pointing out that it came from a Frenchman? It can still be famous and oft-heard over here, and not be indigenous. Really, very little of America is original, and almost none of the best of it is. We know that, and it doesn't bother us. Everyone here is from somewhere else, ultimately. Every idea that formed our Declaration of Independence and Constitution was first hatched in some European mind -- a considerable chunk of it from Voltaire, in fact. Doesn't bother us. Many of the men who led the colonies into independence were born overseas.  It can still be true, even if it's not ours. It can still be "a famous saying in America" even if it's not native. Arnold Schwarzenegger is a famous American governor, but he wasn't born here.  I read your blog daily. I like the passion and articulateness of it. I wince at your sarcasm and cynicism. I disagree with your views, but your experiences are important and cannot be dismissed by people like me, who thought the war to get rid of Saddam was a good idea. And I like to test my view of things against yours, which is invariably different, to see which holds up better.  Best wishes, and keep up the good work,  Doug Harper Pennsylvania, U.S. 
     
    


	 
        A neighbour of mine refuses to let her boy play with "militaristic" toys. So when a friend gave the l'il tyke a plastic sword and shield, mom mulled it over and then took away the former and allowed him to keep the latter. And for a while, on my drive down to town, I'd pass Junior in the yard playing with his shield, mastering the art of cowering more effectively against unseen blows.  That's how the "peace" crowd thinks the West should fight terrorism: eschew the sword, but keep the shield if you absolutely have to. Yesterday, The Telegraph reported that two Greenpeace activists had climbed up to Big Ben to protest at the Iraq war. Don't ask me why Greenpeace is opposed to the liberation of Iraq. It's been marvellous for the eco-system: the marshlands of southern Iraq are now being restored after decades of Saddamite devastation.     urlLink  "We tried appeasement once before..." by Mark Steyn  
     
    


	 
      The president gave his big speech to representatives of world leaders the other, to mark the first anniversary of the Iraq War. It wasn't bad. But here's some of what I wish he had said:   We in this administration sometimes said Iraq was a threat to the world because it had weapons of mass destruction. At the time, we thought we were right about that. Looking back, we presented a few stories as evidence that turned out to be tall tales. Looking back, we spoke about some matters as certain that were in fact speculative. That was wrong, because it now comes up to cast a shadow on what was a just and proper, if painful, course of action. Good people who took risks to stand by us during this crisis now feel misled by this. And those who oppose us in everything take malicious pleasure in magnifying a handful of wrong statements into a supposed policy of perfidy.  The fact is, nobody before the spring of 2003 knew Saddam had no powerful destructive weapons -- not even Saddam himself knew this, apparently. Ask Hans Blix. Ask the writers against the war who, before it began, predicted that a coalition attack would provoke a rain of hellish artillery on our troops, on Israel, on Saudi Arabia. The fact is, Saddam shut out the U.N. inspectors, and that left us to guess at what he was doing, and we guessed on the side of the safety of the rest of the world. Given the track record of this man, in the same situation again, we would make the same choice.  Another fact that has been overlooked, somehow, is that Saddam was in material and serious violation of the agreement with the United Nations which dealt with his weapons programs. Since we in this administration were trying to work through the U.N., and to convince the U.N. to stand up for itself, we leaned particularly hard on the point of weapons programs in the run-up to the war, rather than the other justifications for our actions.  It is highly unusual that we had to go that route with the U.N. The U.N. has an eloquent document affirming human rights around the world, but it has no inclination or desire to enforce a single word of it. And that was the other, better reason we had to go to war against Saddam: The lives of 25 million Iraqis.  Let's get this out in the open right now. American administrations and policies from the 1970s to 1991 helped keep Saddam in power and helped him expand his power. He used weapons we sold him to do horrible things to his neighbors and his own people. My father was involved in that. People who are important in this administration were involved in that in key ways. Democrats in Congress were involved in that. To the Iraqi people, we apologize. We are doing our best right now, in your country, to right the wrong we have done to you.  In the Cold War, America could make difficult ethical decisions in terms of the global conflict between freedom and communism. At times, America supported manifestly un-free regimes if they took our side. There was a certain logic to that in the Cold War, but that war is over. And as with all pacts with the Devil, there is a price to be paid.  A new war has begun. It began, for us, on Sept. 11, 2001. After that day, we learned the danger of leaving a nation without cleaning up our mess before we go. We left Osama bin Laden and the Taliban in Afghanistan, and we paid a terrible price for that. We are much more aware, now, of what monsters can grow from the dragons teeth America has sown.  And this is the third reason we went to war against Saddam. After the terror attacks in New York and Washington and over Pennsylvania, many people in the world told America, "don't just go out and kill terrorists; strike at the root cause of terrorism."  My friends, that is exactly what we are attempting to do in Iraq. World terror right now disproportionately comes from Muslim lands and the Middle East. Those are some of the poorest, most repressed, stagnant places on this earth. Their demographics leave them with a bulging population of young men, who feel little hope and much bitterness. For too long, leading voices in that world have blamed all its problems on the West. And we have allowed this to happen, and we have not challenged the distortions and the lies.  Already, since the fall of Saddam, we are doing so. They said Americans would go to Iraq to steal its oil. Instead, we are there building its schools and filling them with textbooks. They said we would go there to build an empire. Instead, coalition forces are organizing neighborhood citizens' councils and teaching the nuts and bolts of democracy. With the guidance of American and coalition leaders, a broad range of Iraqis have drafted a constitution that is a model for the Middle East.   And so forth. Of course, I'm not sure these are things he could honestly say. It's a strange position I am in and many others I know of are in: supporting people you don't entirely trust in doing something you don't entirely trust them in doing.  
     
    


	 
          "But let us allow, for the moment, that the mass outcry against American hegemony is the voice of the true, the eternal and the compassionate left. Allowing that, we can put the best possible construction on its pervasiveness. Not just the majority of the intellectuals, academics and schoolteachers, but most of the face-workers in the media, share the view that international terrorism is to be explained by the vices of the liberal democracies. Or, at any rate, they shared it until a few days ago. It will be interesting, in the shattering light of an explosive event, to see if that easy view continues now to be quite so widespread, and how much room is made for the more awkward view that the true instigation for terrorism might not be the vices of the liberal democracies, but their virtues."     [Clive James, after the Bali bombing, hat tip to  urlLink  Andrew Sullivan   for digging it up again at this timely juncture.]  And this, from a  "Washington Post"  article on Europe's reaction to the Madrid bombings:     "Only a dreamer would believe that Germany will not be attacked," say the editors of Bild, Germany's best-selling tabloid. "Islamic terrorists are waging a war against the West, not just against individual countries."  Sociologist Emilio Lamo de Espinosa says Europeans have been dreaming. Writing in Le Monde (in French), Lamo says Europeans have thought they would be spared because they haven't supported the Bush administration's policies.  "When the Americans declared war on terrorism, many of us thought they exaggerated. Many thought terrorism was not likely to occur on our premises, [inhabited by] peaceful and civilized Europeans who speak no evil of anybody, who dialogue, who are the first [to] send assistance and offer cooperation. We are pacifists, they are warmongers. ... Don't we defend the Palestinians? Are we not pro-Arab and anti-Israeli?"   "Can we dialogue with those who desire only our death and nothing but our death?" Lamo asks. "Dialogue about what? The manner in which we will be assassinated?"      Well, Zapatero probably would try that. From today's "Guardian":     "I will listen to Mr Bush, but my position is very clear and very firm," he said. "The occupation is a fiasco. Combating terrorism with bombs -- with Tomahawk missiles, isn't the way to defeat terrorism. Terrorism is fought by the state of law. That's what I think Europe and the international community have to debate."     Sigh. Now this level-headed bit from  "The Economist" :     Some critics of the war in Iraq say that there is no such danger. There was no genuine link between toppling Saddam and fighting al-Qaeda, so to punish governments for what opponents claim was an illegal invasion is a quite separate matter. Mr Zapatero even appears to think that pulling troops out of Iraq will make things better, on the view that the occupation is itself the cause of terrorism. Yet that policy is irresponsible, because it increases the risk of civil war in Iraq. Even those who opposed the war should now want to help make Iraq secure enough for Iraqis themselves to take back their sovereignty. If other new governments copy Mr Zapatero and prove their anti-war point by withdrawing from Iraq, they will make everyone less safe as a result. And it is a delusion to claim, as Mr Zapatero does, that all would be well if the UN were to take over from the Americans. Few Iraqis think so. It is as well to recall the Dutch UN peacekeepers who looked on helplessly during the Srebrenica massacre in Bosnia in 1995.     And finally, Clifford D. May, in  urlLink  a guest  column at Townhall.com  :     Keep in mind that bin Laden claimed two primary reasons for attacking Americans on September 11, 2001: (1) American, infidel forces were stationed on holy Saudi soil, and (2) the US had imposed painful sanctions on Iraqis. Today, our forces have left Saudi Arabia and sanctions have been lifted – indeed, were in not for the terrorists, Iraqis would be well on their way to unprecedented prosperity.   The truth is al Qaeda seeks more than it demands. It is intent on nothing less than the West's defeat and destruction. Are there really people in the West – even Europeans –willing to negotiate that?       
     
    


	 
      The Spanish election result last week may be interpreted as "capitulation" and "appeasament." They certainly will be seen that way in Islamist circles, which is tragic for the West.  But  urlLink  this poll   done by Noxa Consulting the day before the bombings, showed the Socialists already ahead with a 2 percent majority. "A similar poll conducted Friday -- a day after the attacks, gave the Socialists an even greater lead. The big difference -- and the clear reason of the Socialist victory -- was the nearly 3 million votes the Socialists added while Aznar's now not so Popular Party lost about 690,000 votes." [UPI]. But I'm suspicious of a poll whose results don't turn up until after the election.  And is there really a UPI anymore?  Even according to other polls, though, the "flip" after the Madrid terror attacks was not massive. It was enough to swing the election. And there was enough suspicion of duplicity by the standing government to account for some of that. But to say the Spanish as a whole voted for the Socialists in 2004 is like saying all Americans voted for Bush in 2000. Here, courtesy of CNN:  Party: Spanish Socialist Workers’ Party (PSOE), Leader: Jose Luis RODRIGUEZ ZAPATERO    Seats won in this election to the Chamber of Deputies: 164  Seats won in this election to the Senate: 81  Seats won in last election to the Chamber of Deputies: 125  Seats won in last election to the Senate: 61    Party: People’s Party (PP), Leader: Mariano RAJOY (Aznar's party)    Seats won in this election to the Chamber of Deputies:148  Seats won in this election to the Senate: 102  Seats won in last election to the Chamber of Deputies: 183  Seats won in last election to the Senate: 127   Even in a nation where, as we constantly are reminded, nine out of 10 people opposed Spain's participation in the Iraq war, nearly half of the voters still backed Anzar's party.   Meanwhile, in Iraq   Some strange results in this exhaustive, and apparently unbiased,  urlLink  poll of Iraqis.   "Asked whether their lives were better now than in the spring of 2003, nearly six in ten Iraqis said the situation was somewhat better or much better than it was, according to the survey of 2,500 people conducted for a group of broadcasting organizations by Oxford Research International. ... Asked how things were going in their lives these days, seven in 10 said the situation was very good or quite good, and only 15 percent said things were very bad. Looking ahead, 71 percent said they expected conditions in their lives to be much better or somewhat better a year from now."  Yet, "[w]hile half of those questioned believe the invasion was the right thing to do, compared with 39 percent who said it was wrong, more than four in 10 said they had no confidence whatsoever in U.S. and British occupation troops, and 51 percent oppose the presence of coalition forces in Iraq. ... Asked whether attacks on coalition forces were justified, 17 percent said yes. Nearly 14 percent said attacks on the CPA were justified. Four percent said attacks on foreigners working for the United Nations and aid agencies were justified.  Here are the full poll results:   urlLink  Warning, PDF file.    But the seeming ambivalence may not be so, when it's overlaid with this survey ABC News (not a particularly pro-war set) has done in a poll of more than 2,500 Iraqis. This one broke down the statistics by ethno-religious groups: Sunni Arab, Shia Arab, or Kurd.  To the question "Was the US-led invasion right or wrong?" the answers were:    Sunni: right=24% wrong=63%  Shia: right=51% wrong=35%  Kurds: right=87% wrong=9%   To the question "Are attacks on Coalition forces acceptable?" the answers were:    Sunni: acceptable=36% unacceptable=57%  Shia: acceptable=12% unacceptable=85%  Kurds: acceptable=2% unacceptable=96%   To the statement "Coalition should leave now" agreement was:    Sunni: yes=29%  Shia: yes=12%  Kurds: yes=2%   That's more like what I expect.
     
    


	 
      It's unfortunate that the Spanish had to vote while numb with the shock of a murderous attack. But respect the outcome. Democracy is still better than the alternatives. They often don't like who we elevate to power, either. And it's not as though the whole country lost its head and voted to appease. Some 46 percent voted for the Popular Party. The "swing" after the March 11 attacks was something like 4 percent between the pre-attack polls and the final vote. It's hardly like the whole country threw in the towel. The Spanish may be back with us someday.
     
    


	 
       urlLink  ... rebuked in fine form.  
     
    


	 
      "The Guardian" today offers this frank nut-graph about the Madrid murders and their political aftermath:    Al-Qaida and its sympathisers will be emboldened by the impact of what is now assumed to be its first attack in western Europe. The governing party has lost the election and Spain is planning to pull its troops out of Iraq.    If it was al-Qaida, Spain will have become the first country "to have a prime minister owing his position to Bin Laden," said Jonathan Eyal, the director of studies at the London-based Royal United Services Institute.     And it offers this assessment from Rohan Gunaratna, "author of  Inside al-Qaida,  one of the most detailed accounts of the organisation to be published":     "The al-Qaida strategy is to isolate the US because the US has, by building a coalition, weakened al-Qaida. One way to isolate the US is to target the countries helping the US. You can see they have attacked the British in Turkey, the French in Karachi, the Australians in Bali and the Italians in Iraq."      It's unlikely that even "success-addicts" like the Islamists anticipated succeeding as spectacularly as they have in the past week, but they certainly had an inkling this was possible, given their conviction of the "softness" of the West. The "Guardian" article (citing Spain's "La Razón") notes that such a double-barrelled victory -- in carnage and at the polls -- had been outlined in December, by the "Institute of Information in Support of the Iraqi People," one of the anti-American organizations operation in that country.     The Arabic language document suggested attacks in Iraq rather than in Spain, but predicted accurately what the outcome on the Spanish elections would be. "We believe that the Spanish government will not be able to resist more than two or three attacks, after which they would be obliged to withdraw as a result of popular pressure," it said.    "If their troops remain in Iraq after the attacks, a Socialist victory is practically guaranteed and withdrawal of the troops will feature in its election manifesto."    It added ominously: "The withdrawal of Spanish or Italian forces from Iraq would produce tremendous pressure on the British presence [in Iraq], a pressure that Tony Blair would not be able to withstand."    
     
    


	 
      You saw the pictures from Madrid. You saw the parents cradling their dead and dying children.   Those who did this can do this to you. Whenever they want. They don't care about the nuances of your Israel policies. What did Spain do? No frontline troops in Iraq, 1,300 or so of what could legitimately be called "peacekeepers." Yet Spain got it. Germany isn't in Iraq? So what. Germany is in Afghanistan. And al Qaida makes no distinction there: both are crusades against Islam, in Osama's eyes. France isn't in Iraq? So what. The ban on the headscarf is as offensive as anything you can imagine George Bush doing to them. Go back and read the Osama tapes. You're on the deathlist, too.   They can do this, and now they'll be even more delighted to do it than before, because not only did it accomplish their purpose of killing a lot of infidels in the crusader land, but it actually knocked one enemy out of the crusade entirely. One down. Who's next? Poland? Italy? Britain?   Yet still the Europeans will blame Bush. Still they'll march against the Americans. At what point do you ask the terrorists to be responsible for their own actions. Oh, and they'll call a meeting -- Europeans only, please, no Americans -- and devise a policy on paper, and that will make them feel safe. No doubt the policy will eschew the use of violence to solve this problem. Romano Prodi, the chief of the European Commission, already has said so. "It is clear that using force is not the answer to resolving the conflict with terrorists. Terrorism is infinitely more powerful than a year ago."    tick tick tick tick
     
    


	 
       urlLink  213 things Skippy is not allowed to do in the U.S. military.  
     
    


	 
      The idea is that there is a serious cleaving between people who believe America has been at war since 9-11-01 and people who do not. And many people who do not realize this simply think the people on the "other side" have lost their minds, or, more darkly, have revealed their true viciousness.   In October, in a poll in Iowa taken by Democratic strategists, just one percent of Democrats who planned to vote said they worried about terrorism, with another two percent saying they worried about homeland security. In three states covered in the poll (including also New Hampshire and South Carolina) terrorism/homeland security placed dead last on the list of Democratic concerns.   A new Gallup poll, taken from March 5 to 7, asked, "Thinking ahead to the elections for president in 2004, if you had to choose, which of the following issues will be more important to your vote?" The choices were economic conditions or terrorism. According to a breakdown provided by Gallup, 76 percent of Democrats answered the economy. Just 10 percent of Democrats said terrorism would be more important to their vote, and 13 percent said both equally.   In contrast, 48 percent of Republicans said terrorism was their greater concern, while 46 percent said the economy, and four percent said both equally.   Gallup also asked, "If you had to choose, which of the following presidential candidates would you be more likely to vote for — a candidate would do a good job on the economy, or a candidate who would do a good job protecting the country from terrorism?"   Seventy percent of Democrats chose a candidate who would do a good job on the economy. Just 25 percent chose a candidate who would do a good job protecting the country from terrorism. Sixty-two percent of Republicans chose a leader who would be strong on terrorism, while 32 percent chose one who would do a good job on the economy.   If you don't believe there's a war on, those who do believe it will look like mindless, soulless, flag-draped mongers of violence. If you do believe we're at war, the other side can look like a pack of feeble-minded effete cowards, wanna-be quislings, and traitors.
     
    


	 
        It has now been almost a year since the liberation of Iraq, the fury of the antiwar rallies, and the publicized hectoring of Michael Moore, Noam Chomsky, Sean Penn, and other assorted conspiracy freaks — and we have enough evidence to lay some of their myths to rest.   I just filled up and paid $2.19 a gallon. How can that be, when the war was undertaken to help us get our hands on "cheap" oil? Where is the mythical Afghan pipeline when we need it?    "No Blood for Oil" (never mind the people who drove upscale gas-guzzlers to the rallies at which they chanted such slogans) was supposed to respond to one of two possibilities: American oil companies were either simply going to steal the Iraqi fields, or indirectly prime the pumps to such an extent that the world would be awash with petroleum and the price for profligate Western consumers would crash.    Neither came true. Iraqis themselves control their natural resources; the price of gasoline, despite heroic restoration of much of Iraqi prewar petroleum output, is at an all-time high.    So did Shell and Exxon want too much — or too little — pumping? Was the Iraq conspiracy a messy crisis to disrupt production as an excuse to jack up prices, or a surgical strike to garner Third-World resources on the cheap to power wasteful American SUVs?   The truth is, as usual, far more simple. The United States never did intend to steal or manipulate the oil market — not necessarily because we are always above such chicanery, but because it is nearly impossible in a fungible market under constant global scrutiny, and suicidal in the Byzantine politics of the Middle East.     urlLink  On target, as usual.  
     
    


	 
      And where's our brave president, the day after Spain is blown to hell?    WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Bush on Thursday sought to solidify his standing with evangelical Christians by restating support for a constitutional amendment that would ban gay marriage as part of his championship of conservative causes.    "I will defend the sanctity of marriage against activist courts and local officials who want to redefine marriage. The union of a man and woman is the most enduring human institution," Bush, himself a born-again Christian, told the National Association of Evangelicals Convention in Colorado via satellite from the White House.    
     
    


	 
       urlLink  MARK STEYN   doesn't think it was ETA. Neither do most of the Iraqi bloggers I read. Despite the dynamite fingerprint of the Basque group, the tactics and precision are very al-Qaida.   By the by, he points out that, after suicide bombers blew up a French oil tanker two years ago, a spokesman for the Islamic Army of Aden said, "We would have preferred to hit a US frigate, but no problem because they are all infidels." And he quotes Hussein Massawi, former leader of Hezbollah: "We are not fighting so that you will offer us something. We are fighting to eliminate you."   And he wonders at something that I've noticed, too: the number of people in the West who simply don't believe that Islamist leaders mean what they say when they say such things. Even after they proved they could and would do it (Manhattan, Bali, Istanbul, Daniel Pearl). Wake up.   The  urlLink  Spanish Embassy in the U.S.   has a user-friendly e-mail on its site. Send them a note of condolence. Send flowers. Remember what the Europeans did for us after 9-11.
     
    


	 
      There are people who fight their wars by dynamiting airplanes and trains full of little girls in school uniforms and guys going to work. I recognize them in America and in Spain and in New Delhi and in Karbala and in Tel Aviv. They avoid military targets -- too hard. They try to kill as many people as possible who are unarmed and unsuspecting.   Then there are nation-states. Thousands of years of human political evolution brought them about. They can do horrible things to their citizens and other people -- North Korea is (and Iraq and Afghanistan were) examples. But in most cases, nowadays, they fight their wars with particular care to kill only the combatant enemies.   Gods know that goes wrong, and the result is tragic. But they don't seek that result.   Hard fact of life: Not every cause, not every subgroup, not every dialect has a nation-state. Not every cause deserves one. Terrorism is the necessary weapon of the weak against the strong? Then so is violent crime. That's hardly a justification.   On one side, a battlefield screw-up means some innocent people get killed. When the other side screws up its battle plan, none do.    "There were pieces of flesh and ribs all over the road," [one witness] said. "There were ribs, brains all over. I never saw anything like this. The train was blown apart. I saw a lot of smoke, people running all over, crying. I saw part of a hand up to the elbow and a body without a head face down on the ground. Flesh all over. I started to cry from nerves. There was a 3-year-old boy all burnt and a father was holding him in his arms, crying."     The ETA looks like the prime suspect. The Quranic tapes in the van might be a crude diversion. And of course, whenever innocent people are getting killed on a mass scale, jealous Islamists are going to jump up and claim the credit for the good deed, which ETA perhaps counted on. [Abu Hafs al-Masri has a track record of claiming to be behind any calamity that befalls the West, including the big Great Lakes blackout in August]. A third possibility, which I haven't seen discussed yet is that this was some sort of joint operation.  
     
    


	 
        OKLAHOMA CITY (AP) - Lawyer Fern Holland went to Iraq to help the nation's women: She investigated human-rights violations, set up conferences and assisted in writing the women's rights section of the new constitution.    "If I die, know that I'm doing precisely what I want to be doing," Holland wrote in an e-mail to a friend on Jan. 21.    Holland was one of three civilians killed Tuesday after several gunmen posing as Iraqi police officers stopped her vehicle at a makeshift checkpoint near the town of Hillah, about 35 miles south of Baghdad. ...   Holland's family believes she was targeted by assassins because of her work, which included opening women's centers around Iraq.    "She believed in freedom. She believed that every man and woman born should enjoy the right of freedom," her sister Vi Holland said. ...   Holland, a 1996 graduate of the University of Tulsa College of Law, worked at two law firms in Tulsa before joining the Peace Corps and traveling to Namibia.    She returned to the United States after the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks, but did not stay long.    Tulsa attorney Stephen Rodolf, who kept in touch with Holland through e-mail, said she seemed to be aware of growing threats to her safety.    "We stand out, and those who dislike us know precisely when we come to town," she wrote to him.    Her job required her to travel almost every day on highways where snipers and roadside bombs lurked. And yet, she asked to travel with an unarmed escort because she felt the high security around her was a barrier to her work, he said.    "She was an extraordinary person who honestly wanted to help people," Rodolf said. "Anybody who knew her would tell you that."    That's the best of this country. No conflict whatsoever between serving in the Peace Corps and helping to rebuild Iraq. People on both sides of the U.S. political equation should wake up to that one. It's the same good work.   And today in Greece, hundreds march against American participation in the security for the Olympics Games, under posters that read "Rambo, Go Home."    urlLink  See Fern Holland; meet your "Rambo."   
     
    


	 
      Because we're in the early battles of World War IV, and they could use some back-up from home,  urlLink  adopt a soldier.  
     
    


	 
        The coincidence of the politics of feeling and an apolitical populism is one of the distinctive features of contemporary protest. By focusing on an individual politician's personality, it personalises politics. But even more importantly, protest has become a strikingly personal matter. It is about the protester as an individual, and says more about how he feels about himself than what he thinks of the issue at stake. That is why it is difficult to define today's acts of protest as constituting a political movement. On the contrary: they are the product of a profound mood of political disengagement that afflicts most Western societies.    ...   'Not in my name' is self-consciously framed as a personal proclamation. It is not a political statement designed to involve others, and does not seek to offer an alternative. It does not call on anyone to choose sides or even insist on a particular course of action. Insofar as it represents an attitude, 'Not in my name' is a statement of individual preference and represents an opt-out clause, rather than an attempt to alter the course of events. This is a shrug of the shoulder, which reflects a mood of general anti-engagement as much as it does a weariness towards war.     urlLink  More good stuff in Frank Furedi's "Spiked" essay, here.  
     
    


	 
      The question isn't whether Iraq is a mess right now. By anyone's measure of civic life, it is. Some observers prefer to focus on the progress being made (there's a lot of that), but that doesn't erase the kidnappings, killings and thug law that affect too many people's lives over there. The country still has a long way to go.   But the difference in people over here is, whether they are pulling for it to succeed, or whether they are sitting back on the fence and gloating over every evidence of failure, magnifying every setback, simply because they want to see GWB stew in his juices. As though one life were worth more than 25 million. These people attach way too much importance to one Republican president.   Odd, too, how people who insist that the U.S. administration is to be damned because it has no respect for Islam, will turn around and sneer at Sistani, who, whether you agree with him or not, seems to be as clever and politically savvy as any ward boss in America, and who seems to know how to balance religious leadership and political power.
     
    


	 
      From an article,  "Defending America,"  by British Conservative politician Benedict Rogers   “Americans are the friendliest people you will encounter, but they have few friends,” writes Dinesh D’Souza in his best-selling book What’s So Great About America. There’s a lot of truth in that. The growth of anti-Americanism, and in particular anti-Bushism, in Europe is frightening and, for me, incomprehensible. For the past six months I have lived in Washington, D.C. It has been a profoundly revealing time for me. Before I came here from my native England, I was apathetic about America —- I didn’t hate Americans, but I wasn’t overly enthusiastic either. Now, however, having tasted what this great nation has to offer, I return to Europe with a reluctance I had not expected. In fact I dread returning to the woolly-minded, dictator-coddling, morally bankrupt, decadent continent. And I return determined to defend the nation that is, rightly, our best friend.
     
    


	 
      Not that Attorney General John Ashcroft is any friend of mine. He's probably my least favorite person in the current administration. If I could send just one of them off the island, it would be him.    But I still expect better from the left, which supposedly has compassion even for killers. Here's what turns up on the DemocraticUnderground.com Web site, in ref. to the news of Ashcroft's medical condition:    "He has it coming. He is utterly sub-human and evil. Suffer, bastard."  "[T]he world would be better off without him."  "I hope he is in the most severe pain a human being can suffer, and after that, I hope he remains in constant pain with no hope of relief."    In the same place, just a day before, tears were shed over the death of cold-blooded killer Abul Abbas in U.S. custody.
     
    


	 
      Most of my adult life I've been on what is called, in our degraded political language, "the left."   That is, I was in favor of protecting the environment from rapacious exploitation, of an economy with safety nets and protection for the little guys against unscrupulous corporate predators. I led editorial battles to save farmland and woods from suburban sprawl. A $50 million bond issue to save open space in one county passed, in part, because of editorials I wrote about it. I've spent hours and dollars working to keep religious fundamentalists from taking over local school boards (a much more important job than simply bashing on Jerry Falwell). I've advocated for minorities and sick Vietnam veterans. I sought to vote for statesmen who would offer a generous foreign policy that shared America's good fortune with the world. I was in favor of Enlightenment virtues and freedoms in opposition to fundamentalist strictures and darkness, peaceful solutions over violent ones.   Which means I spent much of the '80s and '90s in active, public disputation with "the right." When I thought of "them" I pictured zealous, pious, ignorant, self-assured demagogues of crusading ideologies, inflexible mean men clad in expensive suits and cheap ethics.   Yet, as a small-town newspaper editor, the people I dealt with on the "right," with three or four odious exceptions, were fine and decent. The head of the local anti-abortion group was a soft-spoken young widowed mother of two. A school-prayer advocate was a cheerfully avuncular man who always asked about my son and would as gladly sit in my office and chat about the things we agreed on -- such as the genius of George Washington -- as the ones we didn't. The ex-mayor, a hardcore law-and-order cop, used to regale me with sotires of law enforcement in the old days. I welcomed visits and phone calls from them.   I still hate SUVs and corporate malfeasance, executives who jilt retirees out of their hard-earned savings and foul the waters. I still think police should be held to a high standard in exchange for the power we grant them. I'm still a friend of freedoms and Enlightenment values, and an ally of whoever embraces them, in whatever place or culture. I reject the notion of school prayer as a panacaea for society's ills. I think abortion is tragic, but a necessary evil.   In other words, I still disagree with my old enemies. But on one major issue, I've come down on the other side from my former friends.   After much studying and soul-searching, I came to the conclusion that the world probably, and Iraqis definitely, would be better off if the U.S. used its military might for once to remove a corrupt fascist who had been occasionally useful to us. He was our mess, largely, so it was our job to clean him out.   On a larger scale, I'm one of those who believes America is at war, and ought to behave like it, since Sept. 11. Many people seem to regard that attack not as a second Pearl Harbor, but as an "isolated incident." I do not.   It strikes me as a decision a principled man could possibly make. But it doesn't strike my liberal friends that way. I understand their vexation, but they can only see venality and psychopathia in me.   And having once stood on the other side from them, and seen them in that perspective, I can't imagine going back to their camp (not that they are inviting me back).   Every day I have to go to work and sit there with my mouth shut, for the sake of peace -- yes, peace -- and listen to a half dozen thoughtless people talk very, very loudly about things they know very little about. They are obsessed with Bush, who is the throbbing boil that collects their systematic hatred of something I can't quite figure out, but seems to include the United States, the idea of power, and authority figures in general.   All they read is "Stupid Bushisms" Web sites and e-mail forwards. They wouldn't know where to look for Samuel Huntington in bookstore. They couldn't find an average Iraqi's blog on the Internet. I doubt they can name a single Iranian legislator or begin to describe the difference between Twelve Imam Shiism and the Seven Imam variety.   I have to hear these people explain that it everything done by the current administration is the work of madmen and fools who follow them. They give detailed theories of the kind of venality or pathology that is the only possible explanation for why anyone would agree with Bush that deposing Saddam Hussein was a good thing. They gloat over deaths of Americans in Iraq, heedless of the fact that other people we work with have sons in the Army over there.   I give money every month to humanitarian groups working in Iraq. For all their supposed sympathy and solidarity with the "oppressed" people of that land, my anti-war co-workers wouldn't give a dime to buy a schoolbook or a pump filter for Kurdish villagers. Because doing so would "help Bush." They don't care a fig for the intellectual class in Baghdad -- the people who share their values. They only wait impatiently for the country to dissolve in chaos so they can crow about how right they were all along.   People generally are reasonable, pragmatic and practical when they have the power and the opportunity to effect their policies. When the world is going their way, they are good-natured. When it's not and they feel powerless, they get strident and negative. The apoplectic rage against Bill Clinton in 1999 was a good example.   For the anti-war people today, the world is not going their way. The war happened (whether they know it or not -- they still carry "no war" signs every weekend), and it was not the quagmire they wanted it to be. Iraq is about to have the most progressive constitution in the Arab world. Yet the people on the local right in the '80s were not getting their way, either. Ronald Reagan was in the White House, but he wasn't actively pushing a social conservative agenda. Abortion and pornography were legal. School prayer wasn't.   On the whole, my old adversaries never forgot that their opponents were human beings. And thus they never stopped being human themselves. I wish I could say the same of the self-proclaimed humanists around me today.   "The death of the paranoid style would have little contemporary relevance or historical value if it were applied only to people with profoundly disturbed minds. It is the use of paranoid modes of expression by more or less normal people that makes the phenomenon significant." [Richard Hofstadter,  "The Paranoid Style in American Politics" ]  
     
    


	 
      When my son turned 13, I discovered I didn't know the first thing about him. I discovered his name was not what I thought it meant.   It had seemed so obvious when he was born that I hadn't bothered to look it up. "Luke" = "light," from Latin  lucere  "to shine," a name for a boy who came blazing into the world and lighted my life.   But recently, while looking up something unrelated, I saw in Klein's Comprehensive Etymological Dictionary that my son's name is utterly unrelated to "light." It's Greek, not Roman, and derived from some obscure place-name, a rugged coastal district that was named, the etymologists think, for a local cult of Apollo worshiped as a wolf (Greek  lycos ).   Thirteen years ago, before my son had hair on his upper lip, before Sept. 11, before the Internet, before the divorce, it had been a compromise name between secular me and my Methodist-leaning wife, who wanted "something from the Bible."     [Actually, because his due date was Dec. 7, I wanted to call the child "Pearl." "Pearl Harper. Get it?" I told Laura DeAngelo, from the office. I had not told my wife this. "What if it's a boy?" she asked. "Burle!"] 
     
    


	 
      To hear the anti-war voices yap, you'd think that the only justification ever offered for overthrowing Saddam Hussein were the now-dubious intelligence about WMD, and the only opposition was from people too smart to be fooled by Bush's simplistic lies (or words to that effect).    urlLink  So here's Tony Blair laying out the facts of the case in a simple, straightforward speech.      "We have seen one element -- intelligence about some WMD being ready for use in 45 minutes -- elevated into virtually the one fact that persuaded the nation into war.    "This intelligence was mentioned by me once in my statement to the House of Commons on 24 September and not mentioned by me again in any debate. It was mentioned by no-one in the crucial debate on 18 March 2003.    "In the period from 24 September to 29 May, the date of the BBC broadcast on it, it was raised twice in almost 40,000 written parliamentary questions in the House of Commons; and not once in almost 5,000 oral questions."     And so forth. To which I would add that, In the build up to the war, the most potent argument in the anti-war camp was that, if attacked and cornered, Saddam would use battlefield WMD, and he would lob nuclear-tipped Scuds at Tel Aviv. This fear was elaborately articulated, and it was a worthwhile and intelligent argument.   It apparently was something the coalition war planners considered, too, though this, too, has been allowed to be forgotten. Remember the thousands and thousands of protective suits ordered up and distributed to the U.S. troops? That wasn't the work of planners who know their talk of an enemy armed with chemical agents is all hollow. Especially because the activation of those suits was a clear and undisguisable signal to the other side that the attack was about to begin. Remember, too the scrambling around the western desert of Iraq in the early days of the war, at great risk and diversion of resources, to find the mobile launchers that could reach Israel and which we now know probably never existed.   Yet now it's as though that argument never existed. And no wonder: the anti-war camp is eager to have history forget that it, too, once considered Saddam's WMD a credible threat. If anything, the exaggerated fear of them was greater among those who opposed the war than those who supported it.
     
    


	 
       KANAN MAKIYA,  speaking to Mansour Farhang in a panel discussion at New York University, November 2002:   You certainly couldn't even think about democratizing Saudi Arabia. That would be a pipedream -- if you were to hold elections there today, Saudis would overwhelmingly vote for bin Laden. But Iraq provides an alternative. Think for a moment, Mansour, of the two revolutions that happened in the Islamic world. One was very noisy -- of which you were a part in Iran. The other was very quiet, insidious and infinitely more dangerous. I'm talking about the export (after the oil revolution of 73) of an austere little sect, which meant nothing to anybody and now today is Islam -- substituting itself for a great religion and civilization, exporting hundreds and thousands of madrassas whose graduates become bin Ladens and al Qaeda. It's Saudi money that did all this.    Now look I'm pretending to be an American strategist. These guys know 9/11 wasn't about Afghanistan. That country was a poor fractured one that became a campground for Arabs. These are Arab problems exported to Afghanistan through Saudi money, which led to 9/11. The heart of the problem is in the Middle East. Something in this part of the world (since 1967 I'd argue) has gone terribly, horribly wrong.    To sum it up -- what's apparent is that the Middle East needs a success story. In the Clinton years that was thought to be Oslo. But that's all finished for the time being. Iraq is being thought of by this of school of thinkers as an alternative. I'm just trying to say that they have a strategic design, a way of thinking about what they see as the root of the problem -- namely a turn to democracy and an end to America's support for regimes like Saddam Hussein, or regimes like Saudi Arabia, which has been the rule for as long as I've been active in politics. It could be that that formula has finally proven itself to be a failure. That's what some of these people are thinking. (It's not what Colin Powell is thinking!) From their point of view, Iraq could be an alternative to Saudi Arabia. Its oil reserves are second to none. Iraq also has things that Afghanistan doesn't have -- a developed infrastructure, a highly educated class. They have a sense that democracy could work in Iraq where it might not work elsewhere. I'll leave it there.  
     
    


	 
      I bought a Sanskrit-English dictionary online from Powells.com. When I got it this week, I realized it's going to be almost useless to me. It's only Sanskrit-English, with no English-to-Sanskrit section, and all the Indic words are in the Devanagari script, which I do not read. By the typeface it looks to be an older book, possibly 19th century, originally published in India and reprinted in the 1990s in England.   Still, it's fascinating, and I find myself sitting up at night, thumbing through it, scanning the columns of strange script and familiar definitions. A dictionary half in an unknown language is a fountain of inspiration. Delightful connections are expressed there, along with conceptions that convince me that, in ancient India, the world had a civilization that has hardly been matched in subtlety and sophistication.    A man who does not cook for himself; a bad cook [a term of abuse].  A mouse; a miser.  Licked; surrounded.   m.  A bee; a scorpion.  f.  A woman's female friend.  A whirlpool, a crowded place.  Inaccessible; unfit for sexual intercourse; difficult to understand.    There are whole sermons and life lessons in a single word:    Repentance, intense enmity, close attachment.  Fire; appetite; gold.  A great danger; a desperate act.  Supported; haughty; near; obstructed.  Touched; violated; judged; endured.  Relaxation; independence.   There are mysteries fit to be taken whole as a poem by Wallace Stevens or William Carlos Williams, or to inspire a Borges  ficcione :    A benediction; a serpent's fang.  Homeless, imperishable.  Ungovernable; necessary.  Painting figures on the body; feathering an arrow.   I meet words I wish I had; that is, words for which there is no single word in English that covers the same territory:    Pleasure arising from sympathy.  One who has suppressed his tears.  An illustration of a thing by its reverse.  A practice not usually proper to the caste but allowable in time of distress.  A figure of speech dependent on sense and not on sound.   
     
    


	 
       urlLink  David Horsey is political cartoonist for the Seattle Post-Intelligencer, the big paper in one of the big liberal cities in America. So you might expect him to be in sympathy with the European attitude toward Americans these days. He seems to be a bit ambivalent about it, though, especially after getting a first-hand look.     If anything, I think he's got the beginning of an awakening there. Like, he might half have thought, "If I had gone to Saudi Arabia or Pakistan and done this exercise in, say 1985, wouldn't the pictures have looked an awful lot like these?"    urlLink  Christopher Hitchens goes to see "The Passion of Christ." He is disturbed by what he sees, and by what Mel Gibson has been saying off to the side. As always, his writing is vigorous and provocative.      urlLink  New Perspectives Quarterly is an indispensible publication for anyone who wants to understand the world we inhabit. And Samuel Huntington's thesis about the "clash of civilizations" is that rare event in political science: the theory that may actually shape the future as well as describe it. So the combination of the two is worth a trip.    
     
    


	 
      Some days this blog keeps me sane. I put here the words I have to swallow all day long on my job, to keep the peace.    I work in the kind of office where you can't escape anyone. There are no partitons or Dilbert-cubicles. The desks literally jam against one another and the computer monitors aren't big enough to shrink behind. So people are in your face, whether you want them there or not.  Which is why it's good that we're not a diverse crew. White, educated, middle- and upper-middle-class college graduates, secular, of more or less liberal leanings: you guessed it; it's a media newsroom.  We had a black reporter for a while. He moved on but the stories and jokes about him still abound. You would have thought true liberals wouldn't behave like that, but since I saw Condi Rice called a "monkey on a chain" on the "Guardian" Web site, I lost that delusion. One or two sincere people of faith, Catholic or Protestant, work among us. They keep their lips shut tight when religion-bashing, a popular theme, comes around again in the office conversation.  Lately I feel an identity with them. By "lately" I mean since the drive began to go to war in Iraq. I don't know the opinions of every co-worker on this issue, but there are a couple of very vocal, rabid anti-war people who won't shut up about it. They rarely take the direct approach of hectoring (I'd actually prefer that, since it invites response), but these people will do the passive-aggressive thing and find one another and yap for a long time, very loudly and publicly, execrating the stupidity and venality of enyone who could possibly support the U.S. military effort.  Or they take every encounter with a news story about Bush, or Cheney, or Rumsfeld, or Iraq (and there's one every 15 minutes), as an excuse to light up the roman candle of snide remarks and stale jokes.  The talk is peppered with meaningless references to WMD and bloodforoil, and it's as uninformed as it is opinionated, deeply sarcastic and highly illogical, all pomp and few facts. This is the way people talk who are only in the habit of talking to people who agree with them. (How sad that this is something I now associate with universities, and sure enough the most vocal anti-war baiter has a college teaching background.)  No insight, no skill, all blunt points and phony presumption. It's intellectually flabby, and a pinprick could deflate it. But I don't do it. I come to work to do a job and collect a check. I don't expect to have my thinking corrected by PC deprogrammers. I extend them the courtesy of keeping my trap shut, in hopes that someday they'll decide to do the same.  Oh, I'm not trying to hide anything. I know my lack of anti-war correctness has been noted. I've been exposed by my refusal to join in the vulturing over American dead and my failure to laugh at the lame jokes about "Georgie" or "Bushie Boy."  [Note to the Left and the Right: If you want to make hatred of one man the sole object of your politics, and defeat of any of his projects your sole policy, feel free to do so. But don't expect me to take you seriously.]  And so I sit here, hour after hour, having to smell this intellectual clogged drain. I hear things that are flat-out wrong, over and over, but out of politeness I say nothing. It's gotten to the point where I actually look forward to the days when certain people aren't on the schedule to work, and I hope that my days off never coincide with theirs.  So on Saturdays, Luke and Amy and I go downtown to do our market shopping. And there they are again, in front of the courthouse or on the town square, with signs and banners. This time they're with others, who run the diversity gamut from white upper-middle-class aging hippie to white upper-middle-class aging hippie.  I have to pass by and acknowledge them. They're looking for me. If we have other things to do and don't get to market in the hour when they're out, I'm sure to get asked about it on Monday. Like the minister who corners you in the grocery and makes sure he knows you know he knows you weren't in church on Sunday.  In fact, it all reminds me very much of the cheap proselytizing of a Bible society tract. I deeply resent the presumption that I'm too stupid to have made an intelligent decision, and I need to be guided on the paths of righteousness by these pure souls. I've educated myself on these issues for years, read everything from the Quran to Gertrude Bell to Francis Fukuyama to Abdolkarim Soroush to Victor Davis Hanson. I've sought a path through tough choices that was consistent with adult compassion and national honor and personal values, and come to certain conclusions.  But my co-workers seem to expect that, if I stare at that big "Bush Lied" sign long enough, I'll be like Scrooge on Christmas morning. I'll have an epiphany right there in front of the Cal-Mart and fall on my knees weeping and blubbering hosannahs to Tim Robbins.
     
    


	 
        urlLink        urlLink  courtesy of The Onion  
     
    


	 
      Some words of wisdom from some of my favorite bloggers. First, a brief and to the point post on the ugly truth of war, courtesy of one who has been there. Lt. Smash on "Crimnes of War."   urlLink  THE UGLY TRUTH of warfare is that there are no “knights in shining armor” who will always fight for Good. Evil lurks deep in the hearts of all men, and it doesn’t care what flag you wear on your sleeve. We are most vulnerable when we suffer under the burden of tremendous stress – but the ultimate responsibility to resist Evil lies with every individual.    I'm angry at the "soldiers" who did this and the "leaders" who let it happen. More Iraqi and American blood will be shed in the weeks to come, to pay the wages of the anger this arouses, than Osama could have hoped to shed himself. The warrior's code has failed in these men and women. They should be punished publicly to the full extent of the law.  And for the story that seems to never break into the news cycle:   urlLink  I'd still like to see Nightline present the names of all the oil-for-food money recipients. And maybe of a few Iraqi kids who died because of the fraud's keeping them from getting medicine. And maybe an interview with Kofi Annan's son, Kojo, about his role. ...  Just in the name of balance, you know.    From Willow:   urlLink  Ya know, when I lived in a foriegn country, I realized I was a guest. It wasn't my country, I gave deference to people whose country it was. Although I didn't like every thing about that country I always displayed respect for my hosts, which was pretty damned effective for keeping feelings good between us so we could discover and enjoy what we DID have in common.    And this quote:   urlLink  In the housing projects near [radical French cleric Abdelkader] Bouziane's mosque, a young man with a closely cropped beard said he thought that the cleric had done nothing wrong. "If my wife cheats on me, I have the right to correct her," he said, "and not just with a slap on the bottom, but with a gunshot."    courtesy of Allahpundit, Who also has dug up this Islamists' wet-dream image:    urlLink       from the sparsely-attended capitulation rally that the Iraqi kidnappers demanded as the price of sparing the lives of their Italian hostages.
     
    


	 
      Some good news, much troubling news in the  urlLink  USA Today/CNN/Gallup Poll of 3,444 Iraqis  .    In answer to the question, "How have US forces conducted themselves?" a total of 58 percent said "fairly badly" or "very badly." But the next question was, "Do you say this from personal experience, from things you’ve seen yourself or from what you’ve heard?" Only 7 percent admitted to speaking from personal experience. Some 54 percent based it on what they'd heard, not even seen.   Kurdish results are almost the mirror image of the rest of Iraq. The gap between Sunni and Shi'ite is closing, from what it was in the last major poll I saw. The Shi'ites are expressing more unhappiness.   Blair and Chirac had about the same favorable-unfavorable numbers in Iraq.   Almost half those surveyed said they believe "most Americans" oppose "the policies and actions taken by their government in Iraq."    The answers to this question stood out for me:  "Thinking about any hardships you might have suffered since the US/British invasion, do you personally think that ousting Saddam Hussein was worth it or not?"   Total             Worth it   61  Not worth it   28   Shi’ite Worth it  74  Not worth it  17   Nobody on the Kurdish side seemed to think it wasn't worth it.  Among Sunnis, however:  Worth it  28  Not worth it  52 
     
    


	 
      The "Star of David = Swastika" flag got to be so tiresome at Palestinian demonstrations that they seem to have retired it, or maybe they lost it. (Now they just hold up their children, dolled up with fake guns and cardboard dynamite.) But I'm still getting an eye-full of it over here, from left-leaning types who seem to regard it as an inspiration of wisdom, not a notion so absurd as to be puke-making.  Or an ear-full. The other day, a co-worker insisted I listen to a Celtic-accented "folk song" called "When Oppressed Becomes Oppressor" (or something like that; that was the repeated line in the chorus) in which, yet again, a parallel was drawn between the genocide of the Jews in Europe in the 1940s and the hardships of Palestinians today.  Let's just take half a second and do some comparisons.  Bulldozers do not equal gas chambers. A concrete barrier does not equal a crematorium.  The paranoias about Jews running the world, enshrined in the forged "Protocols" does not couterbalance the very real threats of Hamas and others to drive Israel into the sea.  The false claim that Jews burned the Reichstag does not equate to the blood and bone strewn on the pavement after bombings of buses and discos in Tel Aviv.  But Jews leaving all their property behind in a desperate bid to escape the Third Reich, to any country that would take them, offers an interesting parallel to the Palestinian Authority's insistence of a "right of return," for its people to live under the yoke of the despised "Zionist entity."  Correct me if I am wrong, but I do not recall Jews lined up every morning on the borders of 1939 Germany, clamoring to get in for construction jobs.  All this nonsense usually comes, of course, from people who cherish their democratic right of vocal and public dissent, who like to live in a country where you can be openly gay or atheist or flaunt your belly-button ring. Try that anywhere in the Middle East  except  Israel.
     
    


	 
       urlLink  Wonderful story out of Iraq.   Of course, the Kurds love what we're doing. That's not a surprise, and it doesn't automatically translate into success in the rest of Iraq. But at the least it's a sign that a Muslim population can blossom alongside an American military occupation. And it raises two questions:  Why do these people matter less, to the war opponents, than the poor victimized Fallujans? It used to be that the Left redeemed itself from a lot of its shrillness and ignorance by being essentially, instinctively, on the side of the oppressed, or at least the real people. When I used to identify myself with that faction of the American scene, I felt that strongly. But now the Left has no interest in Kurds, because they've succeeded in part by allying themselves with the Americans. Just as the Hmong did before them.  Why the rush to give a state to the obviously dysfunctional Palestinians? How did they get in line ahead of the Kurds? Oh, I know, the United States don't really want to encourage an independent Kurdistan because that would break up Iraq and irritate Turkey. But why is the left so fixated on giving a state to a gang of terrorist leaders who have turned the few places they did control (Gaza City, for instance) into the toilet of the Middle East? Whereas the Kurds -- under much more severe pressure from Saddam than the Israelis put on the Palestinians, and with far less EU money flowing in -- have created in the last 13 years a thriving, democratic enclave.
     
    


	 
      This story of how Gen. John J. “Blackjack” Pershing dealt with Islamist terror in the Philippines in 1911 was posted in a discussion at  urlLink  The Command Post  :   Pershing detailed a patrol to bring in six known terrorists who had slain women and children in a backwoods village. The terrorists were required to dig their own graves, and then were lashed to stakes to await the firing squad. Several pigs were brought before them for slaughter.  “When you are buried,” the officer of the detail told the terrorists, “we will bury the pig offal with you. You’ll never see paradise.” And no virgins, either.  One of the terrorists was allowed to “escape” to return to his fellows to tell the awful story, as Pershing knew he would. There was no more trouble in the neighborhood for years, for long after Pershing was long gone to France to command American doughboys in the Great War.  Bet it has the same effect today as it did then.   
     
    


	 
      Has an excellent op-ed piece in the NYT, titled  urlLink  "Looking Through Keyholes.    (Password protected; if you need to get in, use "dougharper" and "password")    These are the crucial months in Iraq. The events in Najaf and Falluja will largely determine whether Iraq will move toward normalcy or slide into chaos. So how is Washington responding during this pivotal time? Well, for about three weeks the political class was obsessed by Richard Clarke and the hearings of the 9/11 commission, and, therefore, events that occurred between 1992 and 2001. Najaf was exploding, and Condoleezza Rice had to spend the week preparing for testimony about what may or may not have taken place during the presidential transition.   ... This is crazy. This is like pausing during the second day of Gettysburg to debate the wisdom of the Missouri Compromise. We're in the midst of the pivotal battle of the Iraq war and le tout Washington decides not to let itself get distracted by the ephemera of current events.  
     
    


	 
      Christopher Hitchens invites himself to join the week's fad:  urlLink  war supporters expressing varying degrees of remorse or redefining their expectations about Iraq.    (Notice, of course, that the anti-war voices rarely seem troubled by this need to keep feet planted on some sort of moral and intellectual terra firma from one hour to the next.)  Hitch searches his soul and finds:   The thing that I most underestimated is the thing that least undermines the case. And it's not something that I overlooked, either. But the extent of lumpen Islamization in Iraq, on both the Khomeinist and Wahhabi ends (call them Shiite and Sunni if you want a euphemism that insults the majority), was worse than I had guessed.   And this is also why I partly think that Colin Powell, as reported by Woodward, was right. He apparently asked the president if he was willing to assume, or to accept, responsibility for the Iraqi state and society. The only possible answer, morally and politically, would have been "yes." The United States had already made itself co-responsible for Iraqi life, first by imposing the sanctions, second by imposing the no-fly zones, and third by co-existing with the regime. (Three more factors, by the way, that make the Vietnam comparison utterly meaningless.) This half-slave/half-free compromise could not long have endured.  
     
    


	 
      The Japanese have another cause for pride. They've taken the old-fashioned sleaze-merchant's blow-up doll to a new height of high-tech excellence, to  urlLink  "serve as sex substitutes for widowers, the handicapped and other males who are able to function sexually but who, for whatever reason, lack human partners."     They've borrowed an old (and somewhat derogatory) English term for these fetching creatures; Dutch wife. The company that makes them has a Web site that is  urlLink  here.   It's obviously creepy on one level, but there's something more complex in the whole picture.  The Japan Times article quotes the company's founder (the "father" of the "girls"):   "If a yome [bride] is no longer needed, we'll discretely take her off a customer's hands at no charge," Tsuchiya adds. "Twice a year we also arrange for a kuyo (Buddhist memorial service) for discarded dolls at the special bodhisattva for dolls at the Shimizu Kannon-do in Ueno Park." Founded in 1631, it's where the "souls" of dolls are consecrated. (Kannon is the Goddess of Mercy.)  
     
    


	 
      It's very ... peaceful. That's the idea, I'm sure. But I also like  urlLink  the alternate versions designed by the Creator of Worlds himself.  
     
    


	 
      A Sanford Professor, initially an opponent of the war, does the right thing when it's over and joins the effort at nation-building. He was where anyone should be who cares about the future of the world right now: in Iraq, making the most of this opportunity.  "It was mind-blowing, really. There were people who wanted to know how to make democracy work. There were so many positive signs. Civil society was very weak, as you'd expect, but it was beginning to reconstitute itself. There was a lot of energy, a lot of passion, a lot of creativity and a lot of desire to learn. I even had a good experience with some mullahs who supported us."   But with time and the rise of an insurgency, the realization sank in.  "You can't develop democracy without security. In Iraq, it's really a security nightmare that did not have to be. If you don't get that right, nothing else is possible. Everything else is connected to that."   urlLink  Larry Diamond on Iraq.    Many Iraqis I read are saying much the same thing, or proving it without saying it. Ths is not an Iraqi problem: it is a human one. When the thugs run wild in your streets, you're not much concerned with their rights.   George W. Bush let us down. He let down the Iraqis, by listening to those in his administration who told him this could be done quickly, on the cheap, with a small army. They proved the point of being able to topple a potent dictator with an absurdly small force. But this is the price, and it's too high.  The answer is more troops in Iraq, not fewer; more committment, not less; more time and patience, not a quick-time "exit strategy." Which is why I don't yet see Kerry as a viable alternative.
     
    


	 
      My nomination, thus far, goes to the North County Times, a paper outside of San Diego. With a heavy military presence in their community, they've sent some first-rate photogs and reporters as embeds. Their work out of Fallujah is breathtaking -- far better than AP, Reuters, NYT, etc. All this from a paper I never heard of till now. We first started noticing their photos because the AP was picking them up and running them on the wire. They literally jump out off the screen at you, compared to the pointless AP s--t. I see they've come to the attention of Lt. Smash (hat tip) and others, too.   urlLink  Check out their Web site, and especially take time to look through the photo journals on the left.  
     
    


	 
      I am watching my brothers and sisters in the media slowly turn. Media bias, as Chomsky knows, is rarely a conscious effort or a grand conspiracy. More often, it is the automatic infusion of assumptions and beliefs by low-level copy editors and wire desk writers. But the result is just as nefarious as if it had been a vast conspiracy.  On Saturday, Islamist terrorists tried to blow up the Khawr Al Amaya Oil Terminal near Basra. They launched three suicide boats toward the docks, in the type of attack that had succeeded against the U.S.S. Cole and, more recently, a French oil tanker. But this time, the U.S. Navy was on the job. The port patrol intercepted the suicide squads. Two Coast Guardsmen and five Navy sailors aboard a rigid hull inflatable were preparing to board a dhow that had approached the terminal, and the bad guys,  a la  Flight 93, blew themselves up when caught. A couple of brave sailors died, as did a U.S. Coast Guard member. Yet the day was saved. Damage to the oil rigs at the port was minimal. Exporting of billions of barrels of crucial oil -- crucial to the rebuilding of Iraq -- resumed within hours.  So what headline did the Associated Press (and thus dozens if not hundreds of American newspapers) put on this story? "U.S. Thwarts Major Terror Strike?" "Quick-Thinking Sailors Defeat Bombers on High Seas?"  Nope, try this:   "Two U.S. servicemembers killed when boats explode near Iraqi oil facilities"   Just another bad day in Iraq, I guess.
     
    


	 
      A wonderful tilt at my own hometown  "Philadelphia Inquirer"  for a total  urlLink  lack of coverage of the food-for oil program scandal at the U.N.   Gene Roberts, I presume to assume, would be ashamed. Of course, you could make just about any major media outlet in the U.S. look foolish over this one.
     
    


	 
      I hate to do so much cherry-picking off Andrew Sullivan's site, but his readers are some of the most savvy and insightful on the Net. Here's a letter he got recently:   "In reading articles marking 10 years since the end of South Africa apartheid, I was struck by the similarities between that country’s struggle since liberation and the current struggle since the liberation of Iraq. Likewise, I was struck by the relative silence of the left on the real problems South Africa has faced in the past 10 years.  In the early 1990’s, the movement against apartheid was one of the most passionate cause of the American left. The struggle for freedom in South Africa ended on April 27th 1994 when over 90% of the people of that country went to the polls to elect the first democratic government the country had ever seen. Since that time, South Africa has been one of the most, if not the most, dangerous place to live on the planet.  In 1998 for instance, South Africa led the world with a recorded 59 murders per hundred thousand citizens (source: Interpol). By comparison, the United States had 6 per hundred thousand that year; England had 1, France 4, and Russia 21. The closest to South Africa was Colombia, with 56.  Presently, although crime seems to have abated, the country is still racked with problems. An estimated 20.1% of the population has AIDS, 50% of the population is below the poverty line, and 37% of the population is unemployed. The current life expectancy is 46.56 years.   Now, very few people on any side of the political spectrum would argue that South Africa was "better off" under apartheid. Yet, those that oppose our war in Iraq often bitterly complain that the Iraqis are not better off. Both countries, when liberated, were coming from oppressive governments with people unaccustomed to the democratic process. It has taken ten years to get South Africa to the still troubled, but gradually improving, state it is currently in. Why is so much expected of Iraq so quickly? Apparently, the left's criterion for democratic progress is a double standard."  
     
    


	 
       "In Iraq our national security interests and our national values converge. Iraq is truly the test of a generation, for America and for our role in the world. Faced with similar challenges, previous generations of Americans have passed such tests with honor. It is now our turn to demonstrate that our power, ennobled by our principles, is the greatest force for good on earth today. Iraq's transformation into a secure democracy and a force for freedom in the greater Middle East is the calling of our age. We can succeed. We must succeed."  --  Sen. John McCain 
     
    


	 
       urlLink  An excellent exploration of the new edition of Ezra Pound.  
     
    


	 
      There's a new  urlLink  blog covering the unfolding oil-for-food bribery scandal  . Worth following! As are the different ways the story plays out in the various world media, depending on their level of comfort with it.
     
    


	 
       urlLink  Andrew Sullivan   reprints this insightful letter from a U.S. military chaplain in Fallujah:   Here's some background on Al Faluja to keep in mind.  A) Why is it in the news almost every night? Because it is one of the FEW places in all of Iraq where trouble exists. Iraq has 25 million people and is the size of California. Faluja and surrounding towns total 500,000 people. Do the math: that's not a big percentage of Iraq. How many people were murdered last night in L.A.? Did it make headline news? Why not?  B) Saddam could not and did not control Faluja. He bought off those he could, killed those he couldn't and played all leaders against one another. It was and is a 'difficult' town. Nothing new about that. What is new is that outside people have come in to stir up unrest. How many are there is classified, but let me tell you this: there are more people in the northeast Minneapolis gangs than there are causing havoc in Faluja. Surprised?  C) Then why does it get so much coverage? Because the major news outlets have camera crews permanently posted in Faluja. So, if you are from outside Iraq, and want to get air time for your cause, where would you go to terrorize, bomb, mutilate and destroy? Faluja.  D) Why does it seem to be getting worse? Two answers:  1) This country became a welfare state under Saddam. If you cared about your well-fare, you towed the line or died. The state did your thinking and your bidding. Want a job? Pledge allegiance to the Ba’ath party. Want an apartment, a car, etc? Show loyalty. Electricity, water, sewage, etc. was paid by the state. Go with the flow: life is good. Don't and you're dead. Now, what does that do to initiative? drive? industry?  So, we come along and lock up sugar daddy and give these people the toughest challenge in the world, FREEDOM. You want a job? Earn it! A house? Buy it or build it! Security? Build a police force, army and militia and give it to yourself. Risk your lives and earn freedom. The good news is that millions of Iraqis are doing just that, and some pay with their lives. But many, many are struggling with freedom (just like East Germans, Russians, Czechs, etc.) and they want a sugar daddy, the U.S.A., to do it all. We refuse. We don't want to be plantation owners. We make it clear we are here to help, not own or stay. They get mad about that, sometimes.  Nonetheless, in Faluja, the supposed hotbed of dissent in Iraq, countless Iraqis tell our psyopers they want to cooperate with us but are afraid the thugs will slit their throats or kill their kids. A bad gang can do that to a neighborhood and a town. That's what is happening here.  2) We have a battle hand-off going on here. The largest in recent American history. The Army is passing the baton to the Marines in this area. There is uncertainty among the populace and misinformation being given out by the bad guys. As a result there is insecurity and the bad guys are testing the resolve of the Marines and indirectly you, the American people. The bad guys are convinced that Americans have no stomach for a long haul effort here. They want to drive us out of here and then resurrect a dictatorship of one kind or another.  Okay, what do we do? Stay the course. The Marines will get into a battle rhythm and, along with other forces and government agencies here, they will knock out the crack houses, drive the thugs across the border and set the conditions for the Falujans to join the freedom parade or rot in their lack of initiative. Either way, the choice will be theirs. The alternative? Turn tail, pull out and leave a power vacuum that will suck in all of Iraq's neighbors and spark a civil war that could make Rwanda look like a misdemeanor.  Hey, America, don't go weak kneed on us: 585 dead American's made an investment here. That's a whole lot less than were killed on American highways last month. Their lives are honored when we stay the course and do the job we came to do; namely, set the conditions for a new government and empower these people to be the great nation they are capable of being.  
     
    


	 
      America wove two tragic mistakes into its victory in the Gulf War of 1991.  The first was fighting a half-war. War is terrible; to pretend it can be anything else is naive. To leave a battlefield with the enemy half-beaten, as Colin Powell did in 1991, may seem merciful in the moment, but it costs far more lives and woe in the long run.  Hannibal, after he smashed the legions at Cannae, paused instead of pressing on to Rome and bringing the republic to its knees. One of his generals told him, "You know how to win a battle, Hannibal, but not how to use your victory." After the next war, the Romans leveled Carthage and sowed its soil with salt.  At the end of the rout in Kuwait in 1991, American and British ground units cut off the loot-laden Iraqi army, and Allied warplanes killed them by the thousands, along with their tanks, trucks and howitzers. Poor-boy soldiers, mostly conscripts, were cut to shreds in the middle of a 60-mile traffic jam on the two-lane highway back to Basra.  Seeing graphic pictures of the "Highway of Death," Powell decided to halt combat. The Iraqis had been chased out of Kuwait; a goal was met.  Which points to the second mistake of 1991: an over-emphasis on mutilateralism. U.N. resolutions had authorized only the liberation of Kuwait, not the ouster of Saddam. Arab and Muslim allies, who contributed little to the actual fighting, grew restive as a major power in their region, however despised, fell to the might of the Americans.  And so the vast army that had marched against Saddam Hussein in 1991 stopped short of victory. When the smoke cleared, his head was still on the statues around his palaces, not in a noose, where it belonged. No enemies had set foot in Baghdad. His Republican Guards still existed. Saddam interpreted this as a victory, and it's hard to argue with him.  Powell could have pressed on to total victory, aided by Kurds and Marsh Arabs, and ground down the ideology of Baathist fascism. He could have rolled over Iraq with a sufficient force to insure order and stability in the wake of conquest. That was our last best chance to do what we are struggling to do now. Instead, an estimated 30,000 Kurdish and Shiite civilians paid with their lives for Powell's moment of mercy and statesmanship.  We did not make the second mistake this time. The British, Australians, Italians, Danes and Dutch are a core of reliable allies. The rest of the current "coalition of the willing," with the exception of newly emerging Poland, are a list of names offering little real help.  But are we making the first mistake again? Start-and-stop drives against the insurgents in Fallujah and al-Sadr's brigades suggest our leaders have failed to learn the bitter lesson of '91. Our forbearance in such situations only is interpreted as weakness by the enemy.  In 1918, the German army limped home, beaten in the trenches but with its homeland unbloodied. Within months, the whisper of of a "stab in the back" had grown to a murmur, and within a generation the Great War was fought all over, with deadlier force and tens of millions of casualties. This time, when it ended, there was no doubt about defeat. And Germany has been a force for peace, unity and stability in Europe for the half century since.  War is a brutal, bloody, destructive business. People who understand that -- Sherman, Patton -- are not men you would want for your secretaries of state in peacetime. But they succeed at war. Victory first; unconditional victory. Then mercy. 
     
    


	 
      Some thing are worth fighting for. The rule of law. An independent judiciary. A military that is answerable to civilian authority. Whether the fight for them is against foreign enemies or domestic corruptions, these are values we cannot surrender.  America, like all the world's established democracies, still struggles with those ideals. The ideals test us, and events test our commitment to the ideals. The most dangerous tests come from the natural human tendency to trade order for law, to prefer safety to freedom.  In three concurrent cases, the U.S. Supreme Court is examining the Bush administration's detention of some 595 enemy combatants at the U.S. military base in Guantanamo Bay. Most are suspected al Qaeda members or Taliban fighters.   It is entirely appropriate that we argue these things before the nine justices. It proves that the shock of the worst terror attack in U.S. history, and the wars we have fought since, have not shaken our foundations. We can still passionately debate whether the constitutional right of habeas corpus extends to enemy irregulars on a distant battlefield. We have held true to our civilization.  Those things we deem worth fighting for do not exist in the minds of the people who brought on this war, on Sept. 11, 2001. They regard such concepts as weak, decadent, irreligious.  America has begun to "impose" these "Western" values in Afghanistan. It has even begun to implement them in Iraq, along with another core Western value: Tolerance -- religious, political, social.   And that is another thing worth fighting for. Among those sitting on the high court in judgement of the administration's policy is Ruth Bader Ginsburg. Imagine for a moment her life, her career, in the Taliban's thugocracy or under Osama bin Laden's dream caliphate.  At the core of this just war are the lives of 3,000 of our fellow citizens, incinerated at their desks or on their way to work. They died in the spurts of their own blood with their throats slit, or chose between splattering themselves on the pavement from terrible heights or roasting to death in an inferno of airliner fuel. This was done to them because they were Americans. The immigrant maintenance workers died as surely as the Wall Street mavens, the first casualties in a war we did not start and did not seek.  The only difference between you and them was that they got on the wrong plane that morning; they worked in a different building than you do. As Sheikh Omar Bakri Muhammad, the London-based radical Muslim cleric said in an interview published Sunday, "We don't make a distinction between civilians and non-civilians, innocents and non-innocents. Only between Muslims and unbelievers. And the life of an unbeliever has no value. It has no sanctity."   It is possible to argue sincerely that Iraq was the wrong next step in this war. But it is ludicrous to deny the fact that a war exists, or what it ultimately is about. It is possible as a pacifist to say, "not in my name." Very well, then, not in your name. But in the name of the rule of law, an independent judiciary, and tolerance.  Let the bin Ladens mock the nation that puts a Jewish woman (unveiled, no less) on its highest court because of her merits, to protect the rights of his POWs. Let Sheikh Omar mock the rule of law that allows him to continue spewing hatred in the infidels' capital. "I've been arrested 16 times," he boasts. "And 16 times freed, because they have nothing against me. These are the contradictions of laws made by man."  Let them mock, because they only remind us what we're fighting for.
     
    


	 
      A Townhall piece by Dennis Prager, titled  urlLink  "People are Good; the World Stinks"   (4/20/04). He rants a lot, and comes from a Christian perspective (which I don't), but when he hits it, he hits it:   If you love goodness and hate evil, this is a tough time to stay sane.   Israel has killed Abdel Aziz Rantisi, the Hamas terror leader, and almost every nation in the world and the nations' theoretical embodiment, the United Nations, have condemned Israel for doing so.  World leaders and the world organization have said almost nothing about Communist China's ongoing destruction of one of the world's oldest civilizations, Tibet. World leaders have said almost nothing about the Arab enslavement and genocide of non-Arab blacks in Sudan. But they convene world conferences to label Israel, one of the most humane and decent democracies on earth, a pariah.  In order to retain my sanity, I ask the reader's indulgence as I use this column to express personal thoughts.  I have contempt for "the world." I cherish and admire countless individuals, but I have contempt for "the world" and "world opinion." "The world" has never cared about evils inflicted on human beings. The Communist genocides meant nothing to humanity. The Holocaust meant nothing. With almost no exception, the mass atrocities since World War II have likewise absorbed humanity less than the Olympics or the Miss World Contest.  I have contempt for the United Nations. It is one of the great obstacles to goodness and decency on this planet. Its moral record -- outside of a few specialized agencies such as the World Health Organization -- is almost entirely supportive of evil and condemnatory of good. It is dominated by the most morally backward governments in the world -- those from the Arab and Muslim worlds, the Communists during their heyday and African despots. It appointed Libya, a despotic, primitive state, to head its Human Rights Commission, whose members include China, Saudi Arabia and Sudan. Neither the United States nor Israel sits on the Commission.  I regard the European Union with similar revulsion. With little opposition, Europe murdered nearly every Jewish man, woman and child in its midst, and a half-century later provides cover for those in the Middle East who seek to do to the Middle East's Jews exactly what the Nazis did to the European Jews. For the European Union to condemn Israel's killing of a Hamas leader, when Hamas's avowed aim is another Jewish genocide, is so loathsome as to board the incredible. For Germany and France (who, unlike America, have almost never shed blood for the liberty of others) to do everything they can to undermine America's attempt to liberate Iraq is similarly repugnant.  
     
    


	 
      An infidel is just an infidel (and you're an infidel)    urlLink  "We don't make a distinction between civilians and non-civilians, innocents and non-innocents. Only between Muslims and unbelievers. And the life of an unbeliever has no value. It has no sanctity."  --Sheikh Omar Bakri Muhammad   
     
    


	 
      The Human Rights Center in Kadhimiya, Iraq, was set up by Iraqis (not Coalition leaders). It has combed through the vast formerly secret archives left by the Baathist regime. Like their models, the German Nazis, Saddam's crew left a paper trail a mile wide, documenting in good bureaucratic form all the blood-spattering murder they committed. The HRC projected that if the invasion had not happened, Saddam would have killed 70,000 people in the past year. That's not counting the dead who would have continued under U.N. sanctions. 
     
    


	 
      Fabrizio Quattrocchi, the Italian hostage executed in Iraq, tried to tear off his hood seconds before he was shot dead and shouted, "Now I'll show you how an Italian dies."  "Vi faccio vedere come muore un italiano"  You can email their embassy here at: stampa@itwash.org  Here's what I sent today.  Greetings,  I have been reading about the last moments, in Iraq, of your brave countryman Fabrizio Quattrocchi. I wanted to send you my conolences over his death, and my appreciation for his life. I hope this attempt at translation comes near what I mean to say:  Mi dispiace molto spezialmente per la familia del bravo signore. Questo uomo fino era il meglio d'Italia, ê il meglio d'Europa.  Moltisssimo grazia tutti amici Italiani.  Viva Italia.  Douglas Harper Lancaster, Pa.
     
    


	 
      I wanted to make a record of this, in some place where I can find it quickly, for the next time someone tells me Michael Moore is not anti-American, just anti-Bush, and that he's a good liberal on the old noble tradition of that school.  This was published on his Web site Wednesday, April 14, 2004. It's titled "Heads Up ... from Michael Moore." It's addressed to "Friends," and it's a rambling diatribe about Bush's press conference. It begins like this:    I have never seen a head so far up a Presidential ass (pardon my Falluja) than the one I saw last night at the "news conference" given by George W. Bush. He's still talking about finding "weapons of mass destruction" -- this time on Saddam's "turkey farm."    Ungrammatical in the first sentence ("so far ... than"), flat-out wrong in the second (it was Ghadhafi, not Saddam who had mustard gas hidden on a turkey farm). But what did you expect?  Well, "plenty," probably, if you're like some of the people sitting around me now. In the media office where I work, Moore is a sort of demi-god (full divinity is reserved only for Chomsky). His book is always prominently displayed on soneone's desk, and his face is always beaming as someone's screen saver. He's even been suggested to me as a "cure" for my bad thinking.  This is the part that address what Moore sees as "the Iraq sinkhole" and what he'd like to see happen there.    The Iraqis who have risen up against the occupation are not "insurgents" or "terrorists" or "The Enemy." They are the REVOLUTION, the Minutemen, and their numbers will grow -- and they will win. Get it, Mr. Bush?    Coincidentally, I was having this conversation last night, over beers, with a war opponent who also happens to have a son in the 4ID, just back from Iraq. If you block out about 90 percent of the view of the thing, you can actually see parallels between insurgents in Iraq -- or anywhere -- and American colonial revolutionaries. The weaker side in an uneven struggle will tend to break the rules of war. It intimidates civilians and fights with guerilla tactics. All wars, on the level of the soldiers, are grim survival struggles.  But take just one step back and the difference becomes obvious. The revolutionaries of 1776 had made a statement of what they were fighting for. It is in the Declaration of Independence, especially in Jefferson's preamble. They were fighting for Enlightenment values: freedom, liberty, opportunity.  The Islamist insurgents in Iraq know what they are fighting for, too. They, too, have declared their cause. They want to turn the clock back to the 14th century. They want to enslave and mutilate women, murder Westerners, and exterminate the Jews. They want to impose a Dark Ages fundamentalist theology on half the world and keep the other half in fear and poverty.    ... There is a lot of talk amongst Bush's opponents that we should turn this war over to the United Nations. Why should the other countries of this world, countries who tried to talk us out of this folly, now have to clean up our mess? I oppose the U.N. or anyone else risking the lives of their citizens to extract us from our debacle. I'm sorry, but the majority of Americans supported this war once it began and, sadly, that majority must now sacrifice their children until enough blood has been let that maybe -- just maybe -- God and the Iraqi people will forgive us in the end.    Michael Moore does not want better lives for the people of Iraq. He doesn't want international cooperation or a stronger United Nations. He does not want to bring the boys home.  He wants them to die. He wants your sons and brothers and mother ... to die. He seeks collective retribution against America. At least with bin Laden you get a certain eloquence, and sometimes some Arabic poetry, with your death sentence. With Moore, all you get are potty jokes.  Is it unreasonable to assume, given this clear statement from Moore, that he is giving money to the "Minutemen" in Iraq? Or that he is giving money to organizations that find a way to put the powder in their muskets? Is it possible for any honest American to put money in his pockets in that case?  Rush Limbaugh may be a big fat idiot (I don't pay any attention to him, so I don't know). But I think I'd rather be on the side of a big fat idiot than a murderous moron. 
     
    


	 
       urlLink  A good, forthright analysis, by one who, unlike many pundits, is at the source. Must reading for Americans who care about this work.  
     
    


	 
      In the wake of the Sept. 11 Commission hearings, AOL has one of those pop-up polls when you sign on that says, "who was responsible for Sept. 11?" And there are pictures of people like Bush, Rice, Tenet, Clinton, Ashcroft.  It brought George Pickett to mind. After the Civil War ended, the surviving Confederate military leaders fell to playing the blame game for their defeat, especially at Gettysburg. When someone asked Pickett who he thought was the cause of the South's catastrophic loss, he replied, "I've always thought the Yankees had something to do with it."
     
    


	 
       urlLink  "Now is the worst possible time to cut and run from Iraq. The Australian Government understands this and will keep Australian troops there until their tasks are complete."  
     
    


	 
      World War IV began on Feb. 26, 1993, but almost nobody in America realized this. Islamic fundamentalists tried to topple one of the Twin Towers onto the other amid a cloud of cyanide gas. The plan failed, the details didn't emerge until much later, and at the time it seemed like another wacky day in the Big Apple, not a dress rehearsal for Hell.  We had grown up thinking in terms of World War III, with the enemy cast as a military superpower, our mirror image, armed with bristling missiles and tank brigades. It seemed impossible that we were at war with dark men who lived in caves and who flowed through our national veins and rented rooms in the dingy neighborhoods of old Northeastern cities. They didn't have aircraft carriers, they had box-cutters and credit cards.  World War IV continued with the bombings of American embassies in Kenya and Tanzania on Aug. 7, 1998. It continued on Oct. 17, 2000, with the attack on the U.S.S. Cole. But even as the enemy became more clear, even as a U.S. warship was blown nearly in half, few people in America understood this as a new war. The administration in power here at the time was not suited for this war. It had an antagonistic history with the military and the CIA when it was out of power, and a tendency to use them fecklessly when in power.  That administration in Washington left. A new one arrived. We were unlucky to get for a president a man with little world experience, who was uninterested in foreign policy; an Attorney General eager to go to war only against home-grown perverts and homos; and a cranky Secretary of Defense great at moving missles and light forces, but unwilling or uninterested in large-force actions, long-term missions, deep investments.  On Sept. 11, 2001, a great many people woke up to the fact that the United States is at war. Since then, with every day's headlines, the realization seeps in more deeply into some people, and begins to dawn in others. But a great many still do not accept this. They only see one side of the war, like people hearing only one half of a telephone conversation, sitting in the room with the caller.  The main difference among Americans today is that some of us believe the United States is at war, a dangerous war against a desperate enemy. And other people don't believe that's true at all. To the non-believers, the people who are waging war look insanely violent, paranoid, and unstable, and to the people at war those who don't believe it look like appeasers and useful idiots, if not outright traitors. It's hard to concoct a formula more certain to breed ugliness.  The people we are fighting say certain things very clearly: we are infidels who have offended their religion, they are at war with us, and they want us to die.  Osama bin Laden issued a "Declaration of War Against the Americans Occupying the Land of the Two Holy Places" on Aug. 23, 1996. Again, on Feb. 23, 1998, bin Laden and others signed a fatwa declaring war on the United States. "The ruling to kill the Americans and their allies -- civilians and military -- is an individual duty for every Muslim who can do it in any country in which it is possible to do it ... We -- with God's help -- call on every Muslim who believes in God and wishes to be rewarded to comply with God's order to kill the Americans and plunder their money wherever and whenever they find it."  Now more people are waking up to the fact of a war, but I expect the result will not be a shift toward majority unity, as in World War II. Instead, the difference between us will shift to whether World War IV existed before America invaded Iraq, or whether the globe was happy and at peace until the big oaf America kicked up this explosion of hatred. If there had been no Iraq, we'd be having the same discussion about Afghanistan, or the West Bank; certain groups insist on seeing only the United States as an agent in the world. All violence and all blame traces back to Washington, D.C.  Now we are fighting in Iraq. After the terror attacks, many people in the world told America, "don't just go out and kill terrorists; strike at the root cause of terrorism." So this is where we're trying to do that, whether we always realize it or not. This is the most daring thing America has ever attempted. We've opened a second front in the war between us and Islamofascism. Except the goal of this front is not merely to kill the enemy and sap his strength; it is to plant seeds of freedom and democracy in the dark places where his poisons grow.  Once it's begun, it has got to succeed. The U.S. is trying to do this almost alone, with a highly capable military, an astonishingly inept and high-handed presidential administration, a vituperative opposition at home, and a wobbly hand-wringing media with a recurring case of the vapors.  It's too late to bring the boys (and girls) home and pretend it never happened. Yet that is the only solution offered on the liberal radio network, for instance. Like an unwanted baby, Iraq is here, it's ours, we better adjust. What happens in Iraq now will determine the future of the world for the next century. I've always said that it will be 20 years before we can even begin to say whether toppling Saddam and trying to set up a democratic Iraq was a good idea, in world history terms.  Now we have a chance to change administrations again. It doesn't matter to me if George W. Bush stays or goes. Iraq is more important than anything on the radar screen in this election. If Bush can't do the job, and the other guy can, dump Bush. I never voted for a Bush and I hope never to do so. But Kerry has got to show me that he understands the seriousness of this situation and knows what to do about it. So far, if I try to construct a policy out of his statements, it seems to be "turn back the clock to April 2003 and do something else."  Why trade one set of bumblers for another? It only encourages the enemy. If Kerry wants to lure voters like me over to his side, he ought to start by saying, "Whether President Bush or I wins this election, America will stand by the Iraqi people as they rebuild their nation. I will do things differently, but the terrorists, the thugs and killers, the mass transit bombers, the fundamentalist fascists who haunt the Middle East, will not get their way. They will be more unhappy with me in the White House than they can ever imagine."  I doubt I'll hear that from him, however, since I hear how the Democratic "base" talks and thinks around here.  I look around at the people who see this the way I do, in my personal circles or on the Internet: I see many are like me, men between about 35 and 50 who had previously thought of themselves as liberal, in a mild way. It is natural to become more conservative as you age. Perhaps in our cases, that one stunning September day three years ago telescoped 10 years of personal evolution into an hour.   [I have no hesitation in conflating related conflicts into large wars. America was defeated in Vietnam. But that was one camapign in a war which we ultimately won. This is not political justification. Nor is it revisionism. It's merely a historical perspective. The long view of history sees related conflicts as long-term wars. The Peloponnesian War, the Hundred Year's War, had long intervals of truce and peace, but we rightly consider them single conflicts. So the U.S.-Soviet conflict of 1945-1989 will seem, a century from now, to be a single world war in which Korea, Vietnam, Bay of Pigs, and Afghanistan (1980s) were campaigns or episodes.] 
     
    


	 
       urlLink  In our time, anti-Americanism has become a crushing, Stalinist orthodoxy, an ossified system of bigoted dogmas that ruthlessly ostracizes all who would question it. It has become boring, even to the French. In this atmosphere, Monsieur Revel's book is truly a breath of fresh air. I only wish I had written it.    ... ditto ...
     
    


	 
         "There must be a temptation, when confronted with the Dantesque scenes from Fallujah, to surrender to something like existential despair. The mob could have cooked and eaten its victims without making things very much worse. One especially appreciated the detail of the heroes who menaced the nurses, when they came to try and remove the charred trophies."      urlLink  Christopher Hitchens on Fallujah.   
     
    


	 
       urlLink  Roger L. Simon   has a dead-on reaction to the "Kos" post from yesterday, which gloated over the deaths of U.S. civilians in Iraq.    But something happened in the cataclysm of 9/11, a fracture that, instead of repairing in the normal way, has just grown worse. In the intervening relatively short period, a great portion of the left has almost unthinkingly placed itself in a classical Laingian double-bind--its hatred of Bush unable to co-exist with its natural idealism. Back in the Early Paleolithic Period, when I first joined the left, it was this idealism that motivated all of us. I assume it did for Zuniga et al. But some kind of cognitive dissonance set in after those planes came crashing into the World Trade Center. They refused to accept that anything good could happen under another name (Republicanism, conservatism, Bush, etc.). Good only comes from the names they traditionally associate with it. So heinous and barbaric acts are excused by people who under other circumstance would never do that. It's depressing and it's frightening.     
     
    


	 
       (I posted about this poll below; 71 percent vs. 17 percent makes this a highly atypical case)   By The Associated Press  Anti-American sentiment in the region of Iraq where four U.S. civilian contractors were killed and their bodies burned and mutilated is far higher than in the country as a whole, according to a nationwide poll of Iraqis.  In the province that includes Fallujah, seven in 10, or 71 percent, said attacks on coalition forces are acceptable political action. Among all Iraqis, just 17 percent held that view, according to the poll, conducted before the attack on the contractors, by Oxford Research International for ABC News and several European networks.  More than half in the Anbar province, which is heavily populated with Sunni Arabs, said that attacks on foreigners who work with the coalition are acceptable, while 10 percent of all Iraqis felt that way.  Four of five in Anbar say the U.S.-led invasion of Iraq was wrong, compared with about half that many Iraqis in general. And by a 2-1 margin, residents of Anbar were more likely than Iraqis generally to say the invasion humiliated rather than liberated Iraq.  The poll was done for ABC, the BBC, the German broadcasting network ARD and the Japanese network NHK. The survey of 2,737 Iraqis age 15 and older was conducted from Feb. 9-28 and has a margin of sampling error of plus or minus 2 percentage points, larger for subgroups.
     
    


	 
      A left-wing blog that calls itself  urlLink  Kos   says cruelly stupid things about the Americans slain and dismembered in Iraq.     I feel nothing over the death of merceneries. They aren't in Iraq because of orders, or because they are there trying to help the people make Iraq a better place. They are there to wage war for profit. Screw them.   ... Don't believe for a second this is about democratic rule. These guys were mercenary thugs working for a proto-fascist US regime.  ... The "mercenaries" by and large are Americans who never made much as US soldiers ....     So who are these mercenary monsters, these "failed" soldiers?     Jerry Zovko joined the Army in 1991 at age 19. He spoke five languages fluently — English, Croatian, Spanish, Russian and Arabic. He was a member of the 82nd Airborne Division at Fort Bragg in North Carolina, Tom Zovko said.  Teague, of Clarksville, Tenn., was a 12-year Army veteran who earned a Bronze Star for service in Afghanistan and also served in Panama and Grenada, his wife, Rhonda, said in a prepared statement. She called her husband a ”proud father, soldier and American.“     I know guys like that. Ex-special forces types, getting ahead in construction or some other contracting work. They work for money, they go where the money's good, and they give you good effort for your dollar.    urlLink  Meanwhile, something I meant to post earlier. Mario Vargas Llosa, brilliant and human, explains Madrid (in the Guardian).  
     
    


	 
       urlLink  Here's a reminder.  
     
    


	 
      Ontario has authorized the use of sharia law in civil arbitrations. A group calling itself the Islamic Institute of Civil Justice will hold tribunals in which marriage, family, and business disputes can be settled according to fundamentalist religious law.  The rules that allow this go back to 1991, when Ontario sought to divert some of its civil caseload into arbitration tribunals. Tribunals, some run by religious groups (Hassidic Jews, Catholics, Ismaili Muslims), now handle divorces, child custody battles, and inheritance cases. Most are run by professionals trained in dispute resolution.  But sharia is different.  Sharia law is based on the Koran, which provides divine rules for behavior. It is strongly patriarchal, which is hardly surprising, considering it dates from 700 to 1000 C.E. No law, divine or not, codified in that era had anything like gender equality. Women who are "feared" to be "disobedient" may be cast out of the husband's bed (and he can take another in her place), and beaten. In Nigeria, it has been invoked to justify death by stoning.  Canada's Muslim population numbers more than 600,000, and the Toronto "Globe and Mail" reports that "many Muslims live in self-contained enclaves where there is little interaction with the outside world." Muslim women in Canada, even those who have been there for decades, often don't speak English, are poorly educated, and remain dependent on their families. They have no idea of their rights under Canadian law. Especially at risk are young immigrants, who come from the Middle East or North Africa, where sharia law and has been applied relentlessly. They know nothing else.  As the Globe and Mail put it, "The arbitrators can be imams, Muslim elders or lawyers. In theory, their decisions aren't supposed to conflict with Canadian civil law. But because there is no third-party oversight, and no duty to report decisions, no outsider will ever know if they do. These decisions can be appealed to the regular courts. But for Muslim women, the pressures to abide by the precepts of sharia are overwhelming. To reject sharia is, quite simply, to be a bad Muslim."  Indeed, the driving force behind the court is a lawyer and scholar named Syed Mumtaz Ali, who is quoted as saying "to be a good Muslim," all Muslims must use these sharia courts.  "There are safeguards built into the act," said Brendan Crawley, the provincial attorney-general's spokesman. "Participation must be voluntary by both parties and there is recourse if a decision doesn't abide by Canadian law. They can appeal to the courts."  But some Muslim women in and around Toronto have heard this before, and they're having none of it.  One of them is Homa Arjomand. "I chose to come to Canada because of multiculturalism," she said. "But when I came here, I realized how much damage multiculturalism is doing to women. I'm against it strongly now. It has become a barrier to women's rights."  Arjomand lived under sharia law in Iran. In 1989 someone tipped her off that she was about to be arrested and imprisoned. Many of her activist friends had already been tried and executed. She and her husband paid $15,000 to smugglers, then they and two small children (the youngest barely 1) escaped to Turkey through the mountains, riding on horseback, sleeping in barns.   Two years later, the onetime professor of medical physics arrived in Canada as a refugee. And how grateful she was to be in a secular country, where female equality was the law. All -— all —- of the women's activists she worked with in Tehran have been executed.  "The last thing I expected in Canada, the last thing I want, is sharia law," Arjomand says. "Women are not equal under it."  "In a straight disagreement between a husband and wife, the husband's testimony will prevail. That is sharia. Even those women who know they can appeal will not challenge an arbitration decision for fear of the consequences."  She tells of things she already sees in Toronto, in her work helping immigrant women in trouble. Battered Muslim who don't dare go to the authorities. Bigamy. She tells of two 14-year-old girls who were married last year to older men, in defiance of Ontario law prohibiting marriage before age 16.  "These girls were born in Canada," she said. "I want to tell them to leave and get them into group homes, but if they do they'll be disavowed and isolated."  Another is Alia Hogben, Indian-born president of the Canadian Council of Muslim Women. The council was never consulted about the new sharia courts, and it strongly opposes them. "A lot of money is being poured into North America from very traditional groups from Saudi Arabia and Libya," Hogben said. These groups are known for their intolerance to other versions of Islam.  The tribunals have set off a fierce debate in Toronto. Even the  urlLink  "Toronto Star,"   which usually seems far more outraged by U.S. attempts to overthrow Saddam Hussein than by repression of women in the Middle East, has come out with concerns about this, though they do not oppose it.  In an  urlLink  June 3 op-ed piece in the Toronto Star,   she laid out her group's opposition to the tribunals. Like Irshad Manji, another brave Canadian Muslim woman, the CCMW members are true to their faith. Like Americans and Canadians of many, and no, religion, they choose to practice privately in a secular society.   In Canada, we can live fully as Muslims because of the values of fairness, social justice and acceptance of diversity. We should work with our fellow citizens when faced with injustices rather than segregating ourselves in fragmented communities.    But they have gone public in opposition to the government's plan, even though they anguish over the sad fact that doing so likely will bring disapproval on Canadian Muslims generally, among those who do not, or will not, make distinctions.   We fear that this discussion may increase anti-Muslim hostility, which, sadly, would be injurious for us as individuals and as a community. However, the issue is too important because it is about women's human rights and our treatment under the laws of Canada.   Hogben's article also draws an important distinction between "sharia," "Islamic," and "Muslim," and shows how the advocates of the tribunals exploit the terminology.   Sharia is an encompassing, value-laden term, and literally means the beaten path to the water, and metaphorically describes the way Muslims are to live. It is far more profound than mere jurisprudence,  (fiqh)  or Muslim law.  The term "Islamic" connotes the teachings of the faith, while "Muslim" relates to matters of the believers. Muslim family law is the human interpretation, over centuries, of Islamic guidance and is not divinely ordained, as some would have us believe.  The proponents of these tribunals are deliberately using the term Sharia, knowing that this will silence discussion and give them "Islamic" legitimacy in the eyes of some believers. They play into the fears of us, newer Canadians, arguing that we need identity markers to remain Muslim. They are belittling the rights provided under Canadian laws and presenting an idealized version of Muslim law.    urlLink  Please support Alia Hogben and the other women who are standing up for the freedom of living in an open, secular society.   
     
    


	 
      We picked up a huge AP article on "militia subculture" in northwest Pennsylvania. This expose is keyed to "the six-member Christian American Patriots Survivalists." AP's sense of proportions sometimes seems as far off as the stage sets in "This is Spinal Tap."  Even the usual experts -- who make a living (or at least get their jollies) off presenting their topic as a Big Problem -- couldn't manage to work up a head of enthusiasm. “Their numbers are almost certainly very small," one said. "Dozens. I don’t think we’re necessarily even talking hundreds — and we’re certainly not talking thousands.”  The Southern Poverty Law Center bases its fundraising on scaring Northern liberal people in comfortable suburban communities with lurid tales of the kind of "Deliverance" ghouls who still haunt the rural heartland.  But even they weren't much help. According to SPLC, the number of "militia or militia-type groups" -- active militias -- has tumbled from 858 in 1996 to a mere 171 today. And the one the AP had picked as the hook for its article wasn't even on their list.  But you can bet it will be on next year's fund-raising appeal -- even though the members are feckless, scattered, and many of them will be in jail by then.  The real jaw-dropper, for me, in this story was to see the four Pennsylvania groups that ARE on the SPLC militia list. One's the Pittsburgh John Birchers -- senescent paleo-conservatives, but no more dangerous than Pat Buchanan. The other is the Constitution Party, based right here in Lancaster.  We know these folks. The head of the party is a local lawyer, Jim Clymer. He's well-liked around the newsroom -- yes, even my uber-liberal colleagues admire him because, for a politician, he's frank. He tells you what he really thinks, and what he really plans to do. He, and his party, are old-school social conservatives: anti-abortion, Christian-based. They are pro-Second Amendment -- Clymer says so in the article -- but so are a lot of people, and it's hardly the heart of their message or their platform. Their gubernatorial candidate was a mom and day-care center founder from Johnstown. It's frankly a slander to call such people a "militia." 
     
    


	 
      During the Iraq invasion,  urlLink  war critics   blamed the American media for declining to focus their coverage on al-Jazeera-style footage of American dead and civilian casualties.  Some of them evoked the ghost of World War II correspondent Ernie Pyle, who wrote unflinchingly about the brutality and death of battle, about "friendly fire" casualties and blundering bureaucracies.  urlLink  They reminded us   that Pyle won his Pulitzer for a column that described the glamorless death of a U.S. Army captain.  Those people should have read more Ernie Pyle, or read him more carefully. Perhaps people already have forgotten that Pyle was the model the U.S. military held up to refractory Vietnam War correspondents for how a well-behaved war reporter ought to write.  The itch behind the call for more blood in the Iraq coverage is a desire to turn people's stomachs, and turn their loyalties away from the war to liberate Iraq and now the struggle to rebuild it. That was not where Pyle would have been. I can only imagine what he would have made of the Michael Moore call for more American corpses.   There are no more Ernie Pyles because our wars now take place on television. There is a world of difference between what Pyle did with his Corona typewriter and what a camera does as it pans across an embattled city street. It is the difference between Pyle's abstract, if unflinching, description of the dead in Italy and the torn-open bodies oozing blood in the Mideast dust. Pyle said he wanted "to make people see what I see." But Arthur Miller wrote that Pyle "told as much of what he saw as people could read without vomiting," which is probably closer to the truth.  Pyle and the World War II correspondents who worked in his vein "gave Americans about all the realism they wanted," James Tobin wrote in  "Ernie Pyle's War"  [1997]. "To tell much more was to risk shock, anger, rejection, not to mention censorship. To weave a myth of sacrificial suffering instead was to do one's bit for the war. Pyle's G.I. myth -- not an untruth, but a way of bending reality into a sensible and bearable shape -- helped Americans through history's most grotesque and deadly ordeal ..."  [Another difference between Pyle's war and ours is that the media, which now means TV,  is global. There is no notion of "doing one's bit" among the camera crews, because CNN is competing for market shares in a world audience, not informing a domestic one. If there are Ernie Pyles left anywhere, they are among the magazine correspondents. One of them,  urlLink  Michael Kelly  , left dispatches worthy of Pyle before he died in Iraq.]  It was a balanced path. If Pyle stood one step back from the untellable horror of war, he also kept a footing in its gritty reality. Pyle never published a single sentence tainted by blind jingoism. If he had, it would have been scorned by the soldiers whom he moved among and derided by his fellow war correspondents. It would have disappointed most of the people who read him at home, who relied on him to show them "their" war.  But Pyle could write as he did, grimly and honestly, because no one ever doubted whose side he was on. No one ever doubted whether he thought America ought to persevere, or to win. The deaths of so many good young men were a god-damned sin. But he never hinted that they died for nothing. Pyle didn't have to say in so many words that our cause is just, nor did he dehumanize the enemy.   He wrote about the ordinary GI, with an unabashed and unglamorized manly affection for that class of solider. The everyday bravery and decency of the soldiers, which Pyle, too, embodied, is what we like to see in ourselves. "Ernie and his G.I.'s had made America look good," Tobin wrote. "The Common Man Triumphant, the warrior-with-a-heart-of-gold -- this was the self-image Americans carried into the post-war era."  I picked an Ernie Pyle column, almost at random, and found one that has many contemporary echoes. It's unusual in that in it he takes a broader view of the war. He is reporting to America that the campaign underway is tougher than they think, that casualties are higher than they know. That the people they think they are liberating in many cases resent them and that there are many relics of the old regime left, stirring up trouble.    Political Situation in Africa Was Ticklish and Confusing   ALGERIA, JANUARY, 1943: Men who bring our convoys from America, some of whom have just recently arrived, tell me the people at home don't have a correct impression of things over here.   Merchant Marine officers who have been here a couple of days are astonished by the difference between what they thought the situation was and what it actually is. They say people at home think the North African campaign is a walkaway and will be over quickly; that our losses have been practically nil; that the French here love us to death, and that all German influence has been cleaned out.   If you think that, it is because we newspapermen here have failed at getting the finer points over to you.   Because this campaign at first was as much diplomatic as military the powers that be didn't permit our itchy typewriter fingers to delve into things internationally, which were ticklish enough without that. I believe misconceptions at home must have grown out of some missing part of the picture.   It would be very bad for another wave of extreme optimism to sweep over the United States. So maybe I can explain a little bit about why things over here, though all right for the long run, are not all strawberries and cream right now.   IN TUNISIA, for instance, we seem to be stalemated for the moment. The reasons are two. Our Army is a green army, and most of our Tunisian troops are in actual battle for the first time against seasoned troops and commanders. It will take us months of fighting to gain the experience our enemies start with.   In the second place, nobody knew exactly how much resistance the French would put up here, so we had to be set for full resistance. That meant, when the French capitulated in three days, we had to move eastward at once, or leave the Germans unhampered to build a big force in Tunisia.   So we moved several hundred miles and, with the British, began fighting. But we simply didn't have enough stuff on hand to knock the Germans out instantly. Nobody is to blame for this. I think our Army is doing wonderfully -- both in fighting with what we have and in getting more here -- but we are fighting an army as tough in spirit as ours, vastly more experienced, and more easily supplied.   So you must expect to wait a while before Tunisia is cleared and Rommel jumps into the sea.   OUR LOSSES IN MEN so far are not appalling by any means, but we are losing men. The other day an American ship brought the first newspaper from home I had seen since the occupation, and it said only 12 men were lost in taking Oran.   The losses, in fact, were not great, but they were a good many twelves times 12.   Most of our convalescent wounded have been sent to England. Some newly arrived American feel that, if more of the wounded were sent home it would put new grim vigor into the America people. We aren't the sort of people from whom wounded men have to be concealed.   THE BIGGEST PUZZLE to us who are on the scene is our policy of dealing with Axis agents and sympathizers in North Africa. We have taken into custody only the most out-and-out Axis agents, such as the German armistice missions and a few others. That done, we have turned the authority of arrest back to the French.   The procedure is that we investigate, and they arrest. As it winds up, we investigate period.   Our policy is still appeasement. It stems from what might be called the national hodgepodge of French emotions. Frenchmen today think and feel in lots of different directions. We moved softly at first, in order to capture as many French hearts as French square miles. Now that phase is over. We are here in full swing. We occupy countries and pretend not to. We are tender in order to avoid offending our friends, the French, in line with the policy of interfering as little as possible with French municipal life.   WE HAVE LEFT in office most of the small-fry officials put there by the Germans before we came. We are permitting Fascist societies to continue to exist. Actual sniping has been stopped, but there is still sabotage.   The loyal French see this and wonder what manner of people we are. They are used to force, and expect us to use it against the common enemy which includes the French Nazis. Our enemies see it, laugh, and call us soft.   Both sides are puzzled by a country at war which lets enemies run loose to work against it.   THERE ARE AN astonishing number of Axis sympathizers among the French in North Africa. Not a majority, of course, but more than you would imagine. This in itself is a great puzzle to me. I can't fathom the thought processes of a Frenchman who prefers German victory and perpetual domination rather than a temporary occupation resulting in eventual French freedom.   But there are such people and they are hindering us, and we over here think you folks at home should know three things:   That the going will be tough and probably long before we have cleaned up Africa and are ready to move to bigger fronts. That the French are fundamentally behind us, but that a strange, illegal stratum is against us. And that our fundamental policy still is one of soft-glowing snakes in our midst.    Notice, too, what he doesn't write. Nowhere, for instance, does he insinuate that Roosevelt's re-election hinges on success in North Africa.   urlLink  Solomon   has a thoughtful piece on the difference between Pyle and modern war correspondents.   Today's journalists tend to take a top-down approach. Every reporter thinks it's his or her own duty to make us question anew what it's all about. Only after they present this framework do they tell us about what our guys and gals are doing -- how tough they have it, how much they're sacrificing. That's the framework. First the questioning, then the story of strife. They say they want us to support our troops, but the dissonance is strong. How can you support our guys, really, truly give them the moral support they need when you don't really support what they're doing? It shows through. You can feel it like a sickness creeping into even the best-intended articles.  No, the feeling we get is one of pity rather than exultation. It's cause to falter, to question, and to turn against the mission. For today's journalist, the troops aren't the story, they're the excuse. They're the wedge to make the point the author really wants to make. They may be the subjects of any given story, but for many of today's writers, they're just props for the real performance.   Which is right on, except I'd go even further and say, at least at this point in the Iraq struggle, the guys and gals in uniform on our side have disappeared from the coverage entirely. You want to see the difference between Ernie Pyle and today? Here's a chunk of today's "New York Times" story out of Najaf:    "The agreements in Fallujah and Najaf appear to reflect the Bush administration's urgency to bring a measure of at least apparent calm to the country for the June 30 handover."    And I'm sure, had the U.S. military done what it was fully capable of, and continued to pick apart those insurgents with lethal efficiency, we would pick up the Times today and read something like: "The show of force in Fallujah and Najaf appears to reflect the Bush administration's urgency to quell the uprisings before the June 30 handover."  But what's amazing about both the "Times" and AP versions of these stories is, they quote U.S. generals in Baghdad, and al-Sadr's militiamen in Najaf. Where are the G.I.s? The exact people Pyle put at the center of everything he wrote. The people most Americans are most interested in. The ones who performed splendidly, picking off the thugs without putting a scratch in the precious Shi'ite mosques. Where are they? There's not one of them in these stories.   urlLink  Doug Patton imagines what Pyle would have written if he had been a modern TV war correspondent:     Dateline London – 6 June 1944  “This is Ernie Pyle, reporting for CNN from the front here at Omaha Beach. An unprecedented -– and some say unjustified –- invasion of France is under way at this hour. As you can see from the carnage behind me, American boys are dying on the beaches of Normandy –- perhaps your boy, Mr. and Mrs. America. This reporter can confirm that American troops are sustaining massive casualties, here and on Utah Beach, against heavily armed German fortifications. Of course, the question that will be asked is “why?” Why did it have to come to this? Why was it necessary to sacrifice so many young men –- the bright and shining future of America –- in an invasion that many said didn’t need to happen. Meanwhile, on the home front, Republican members of Congress are calling for an investigation into the intelligence failures that led to the Navy’s inability to prepare for the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor. This is Ernie Pyle, reporting from the front, for CNN.”    "Not an untruth, but a way of bending reality into a sensible and bearable shape." That's a poignant and pregnant phrase. Everyday heroes are not all that we are -- Pyle could be aggressive and irritable. He had mood swings. He cheated on his wife. He drank too much. So what? It does not taint the work he did to know that about the man. We're human. We do the best we can. Sometimes, to paraphrase Hemingway, we do better than we can. Tragically or not, those times often happen in war. Ernie Pyle knew that.  He also knew that the reporter on the ground ought to tell the story in front of him, not ignore it and imagine what is going on in the opinion polls half a world away.
     
    


	 
      Ernie Pyle, however, likely would not have overlooked  urlLink  Marine Capt. Brian R. Chontosh  . What's amazing, to me, is that we all can name at least three of the Abu Ghraib prison abusers, because their pictures and names have been in the news for weeks now. But nobody knows Capt. Chontosh, because his name hasn't been in the New York Times or the Philadelphia Inquirer, or my newspaper. Here's his story:    While leading his platoon north on Highway 1 toward Ad Diwaniyah, Chontosh's platoon moved into a coordinated ambush of mortars, rocket propelled grenades and automatic weapons fire. With coalitions tanks blocking the road ahead, he realized his platoon was caught in a kill zone.   He had his driver move the vehicle through a breach along his flank, where he was immediately taken under fire from an entrenched machine gun. Without hesitation, Chontosh ordered the driver to advanced directly at the enemy position enabling his .50 caliber machine gunner to silence the enemy.  He then directed his driver into the enemy trench, where he exited his vehicle and began to clear the trench with an M16A2 service rifle and 9 millimeter pistol. His ammunition depleted, Chontosh, with complete disregard for his safety, twice picked up discarded enemy rifles and continued his ferocious attack.  When a Marine following him found an enemy rocket propelled grenade launcher, Chontosh used it to destroy yet another group of enemy soldiers.  When his audacious attack ended, he had cleared over 200 meters of the enemy trench, killing more than 20 enemy soldiers and wounding several others.    Ernie would have told it straight, not much more than that. But he would have found a twist here and a touch there and brought a tear to your eye even as he took your breath away. 
     
    


	 
      Gore rants to Moveon.Org. Dang. And to think I actually voted for Al Gore. It was him or Nader, and my then-GF talked me out of Nader. But that seems a long time ago in a galaxy far away.   urlLink  The Boston Herald   has the right response:   He never mentioned Nicholas Berg. Or Daniel Pearl. Or a single person killed in the World Trade Center. Nor did former Vice President Al Gore talk of any soldier by name who has given his life in Iraq. And he has the audacity to condemn the Bush administration for having "twisted values?"         Gore spent the bulk of a speech before the liberal group MoveOn.org Wednesday bemoaning Abu Ghraib and denouncing President Bush's departure from the "long successful strategy of containment."         Yes, the very same strategy that, under Gore's leadership, allowed al-Qaeda operatives to plan the horror of Sept. 11 for years, while moving freely within our borders.         Gore even had the audacity to defend the perpetrators of the prison abuse -- by name -- while denouncing President Bush for "humiliating" our nation.         How dare he. How dare a former vice president of the United States go beyond disagreeing with the current president's policies -- a right of anyone in this free country -- and denounce Bush as "incompetent."         How dare Gore say that Americans have an "innate vulnerability to temptation... to use power to abuse others." And that our own "internal system of checks and balances cannot be relied upon" to curb such abuse.         And this man -- who apparently has so much disdain for the nature of the American people -- wanted to be elected to lead it?         It is Gore who has brought dishonor to his party and to his party's nominee. The real disgrace is that this repugnant human being once held the second highest office in this great land.   And the real scary thing is that he was about 550 votes away from holding the highest. He's still in that galaxy far away. He's on the side that doesn't believe we're at war. This is how that side thinks and how it lashes out after watching the rest of us wage a war they refuse to admit exists. 
     
    


	 
      John Kerry gave his long-promised "major foreign policy address" tonight in Seattle. And he did finally say one thing I have been waiting to hear from him. Addressing the terrorists, he said:  "Let there be not doubt -- this country is united in its determination to destroy you. As commander in chief, I will bring the full force of our nation's power to bear on finding and crushing your networks."  And he said, "As president, my number one security goal will be to prevent the terrorists from gaining weapons of mass murder. Because al Qaeda is a network with many branches, we must take the fight to the enemy on every continent and enlist other countries in that cause."  And a hearty cheer for all that.  But I am still waiting for the next part. What's he going to do that will improve on what Bush has done? Fighting terrorists and blocking their access to WMD? That's what we've been doing since 9-11. Much of the rest of what he described -- modernizing the military, better use of intelligence -- that's on the Bush agenda, too. Hell, it would be on any sane candidate's agenda.  He talked much of bringing back multilateralism. "There is still a powerful yearning around the world for an America that listens and leads again -- an America that is respected, and not just feared." Of Bush's administration: "They looked to force before exhausting diplomacy. They bullied when they should have persuaded. They have gone it alone when they should have assembled a team."   There's something disconcerting about that. Does he realize there are, in fact, allies working with us in Iraq? Important ones, too -- Britain, Australia, Poland, Denmark, the Netherlands, Bulgaria, Italy. Does he realize that leaders in these nations, as well as much of their populations and all of their military services, took a risk to stand beside the United States? How would it increase our "respectability" in the world today to pitch them overboard now in a rush to embrace France, Germany, and Belgium? Especially when those nations likely would be no improvement, militarily, over what we now have.   "The stakes in Iraq couldn't be higher," Kerry said. "If President Bush doesn't change course and doesn't secure new support from our allies, we will, once again feel the consequences of a foreign policy that has divided the world instead of uniting it."  "Once again?" We'll once again feel what? The awful tragedy of our crushing military defeat in Iraq because we didn't have the French by our side? Or does he mean the humiliation of being ridiculed in the pages of Der Spiegel? Oh, that's been going on for 30 years.  Two things that pleased me in his laundry list: freeing America from its "dangerous dependence" on Middle East oil and standing up to Saudi Arabia. But details on those were wanting.
     
    


	 
      It's more complicated than you think, and it does not necessarily involve Abu Ghraib.  urlLink  LOSING THE COMMON MAN, by Amir Taheri   is an excellent critique (published in the New York Post) of some of the little -- and not so little -- things the Coalition has done to alienate Iraqis.  Many of these are relatively easy to fix (compared to systematic problems such as Abu Ghraib). Why not get on this list and win back some hearts and minds?
     
    


	 
      Wow. The AP actually ran some (mostly) positive news from Iraq last night, and my newspaper actually ran it this morning.    Officials: Rebuilding of Iraq Progresses   Tue May 25, 4:42 PM ET 		  By ANWAR FARUQI, Associated Press Writer   DOHA, Qatar - Oil production and electricity supplies are up in Iraq there are more telephone lines and schools have been renovated, but Iraqi reconstruction is still hobbled by a lack of security, officials said Tuesday at a conference of international donors.    While the usual litany of problems is cited, which is fair, the article does not stint in reporting the good news.   [Iraqi Planning Minister Mehdi] Hafedh said that despite problems with security, there were a number of achievements. Power generation has surpassed levels before last year's U.S.-led invasion, as have oil exports, now averaging 1.5 million barrels a day, he said. According to the U.S.-led coalition in Iraq, the average peak electricity production in the first seven days of May was 3,376 megawatts.  ... Hafedh said 2,500 schools have been renovated, telephone lines had increased 20 percent, and some 1,500 hospitals and clinics were operational. He said that Iraqi students would get $40 million worth of new textbooks in the coming academic year after the first grant agreement was signed two weeks ago with the World Bank to release donor funds.  Ross Mountain, the resident U.N. coordinator on Iraq, appealed to donors to look beyond headlines about violence to see what has been achieved. "Amid the daily media diet of bombs and slaughter, we here need to recognize that there are significant positive developments being accomplished by Iraqis, including with their international partners," Mountain said. Col. Robert S. Ferrell, of the U.S.-led coalition's program management office, said 73 development projects are under way, and many more would start in June. He said $2.3 billion worth of construction was taking place in the electricity and oil sectors. 	 	   And so forth. So am I ready to eat my words about biased media? Not quite. For one, yes, we ran the story, but we buried it deep, on page A4, below the fold. And for some mind-boggling reason, we illustrated this story with this photo:       which carries the caption:  U.S. Army soldiers rush to evacuate an injured comrade in the center of Baghdad, Iraq after thunderous explosions at the capital, Tuesday.   Really, could this be more clear? Why not run a story saying "meat protein is good for you" and illustrate it with a picture of a man choking to death on a hot dog.  Still, I suppose even that would be more fairandbalanced than the work of  l'Agence France-Presse.  Here's the lede to their version of the same story:   DOHA (AFP) - Iraq issued a cry for urgent help from donor countries as aid only trickles through and violence rages ahead of the US-led coalition's June 30 deadline for the handover of power.    Good Lord, are they really talking about the same meeting? You have to wade through 11 paragraphs of horror stories (none of them fresh) and bland background to get to the good news.   But the minister also listed achievements such as opening 2,400 schools, 240 hospitals, 1,200 clinics and one million telephone lines -- 20 percent more than under the ousted Baathist regime.  UN special representative for Iraq Ross Mountain noted progress in the field -- several hundred schools rehabilitated, five million children vaccinated against measles in March and April, 11,000 Iraqi refugees helped to return home from Iran and Saudi Arabia, nine million litres of water tankered to Baghdad, Basra and Fallujah daily at peak, 40,000 people employed mainly in water and sanitation schemes.   And then it's back to the gloom and doom.
     
    


	 
      The Marji'iyah (senior Shia clerics) of the Najaf Hawza issued a joint resolution over the weekend in response to Hassan Nasrallah, the General Secretary of Lebanese Hezbollah, who lashed out against the coalition in his Friday sermon over the situation in Karbala and Najaf. The statement was signed by the collective "Ulemma of the Hawza Al-Ilmiyyah of Najaf and Karbala" and excerpts from it were published in  urlLink  Azzaman  . An English translation was posted courtesy of  urlLink  Zeyad   at Healing Iraq.  Although it addresses Nasrallah's statements, it also stands as a clear statement of where the Shia leaders lay the blame for the current crisis, down to the details of who put the holes in the dome of the Imam Ali shrine in Najaf. In terms of the hearts-and-minds struggle, this is serious good news for the coalition. But I saw nary a word about it on any of the U.S. wire services.   1. It is the movement of Sayyid Muqtada Al-Sadr that is losing legitimacy in the strictest sense, and not the one led by Grand Ayatollah Sayyed Ali Al-Sistani, the overall, most learned and assidious Marji' of Iraq and not the rest of the Marji's, not even Grand Ayatollah Sayyid Kadhum Al-Ha'eri, nor other people of fortitude and experience in the field of politics who are seared by the fire of the Iraqi crisis and its complications wrought by Muslim brethren from well-known Islamic political movements and organizations, nor others besides them, people of judgement, experience and education, engaged in political affairs.   2. It is the movement of Sayyid Muqtada that has encouraged the occupiers to cross the red lines. And as aside from that, the American occupiers while storming into Iraq and marching towards Baghdad through Najaf and Karbala did not commit the stupidities and insolence with regard to the sanctities in the two holy cities they have committed now.   3. And it is clear that the organization of Sayyid Muqtada - and whoever follows the Sadrist movement - were the first to violate the sanctity of the yard of Haydari Shareef (Imam Ali's shrine in Najaf) when they fired shots inside it at Sayyid Abdul Majeed Al-Kho'ei and killed Sayyid Yasiri within it and wounded Sayyid Majeed and killed Sayyid Hayder Al-Kelidar afterwards. And they are the very same who ignited the fuse of the bloody fight, whose victims among gathered believers were sacrificed over control of the shrine of Imam Hussein (peace be upon him), and it is possible for our lord [Nasrallah] to verify the former by asking his Excellence the Marji' Ayatollah Sheikh Ishaq Al-Fayyadh and from the sons of his Excellence the Marji' Ayatollah Sayyid Muhammad Sa'eed Al-Hakim and the latter with the help of his Excellence Sheikh 'Abdul Mahdi Al-Karbala'i, the representative of the Marji'iyah in Karbala and from his Excellence Sayyid Muhammad Ridha Al-Sistani [the son of Grand Ayatollah Sistani] in person.   4. The organization of Sayyid Muqtada is now carrying out intimidation of the general public and arrests of citizens, not only those whom they call collaborators with the occupation, the police, owners of stores selling foodstuffs to occupiers and others, but also students of religious sciences opposed to them and some of the members of the Badr organization [SCIRI], in addition to raiding offices of the Da'wa party in Kufa, and you can verify the former by asking his Excellence Sheikh Muhammad Mahdi Al-Asifi, his Excellence Sheikh Muhammad Hadi Al Radhi, and his Excellence Sheikh Muhammad Al-Yaqubi, and the latter by asking his Excellence Sayyid Omar Al-Hakim and Dr. Ibrahim Al-Ja'fari [GC member].   5. The firing of shots at the great dome of the shrine of Imam Ali (peace be upon him) [in Najaf], according to some specialists was most likely from the weapons of Sayyid Muqtada's followers and not from the weapons of others, inasmuch as the time of shooting was the day fighting flared up in the Valley of Peace cemetery, and there wasn't any fighting from the side of Alnabi street, whereas you claimed in your important sermon that the direction of the shooting was from the side of the Qibla gate [to the shrine], which is the side of Alnabi street.   6. The strike on the home and office of his Excellence Grand Ayatollah Ali Al-Sistani happened within the security perimeter whose every span was controlled by the organization of Sayyid Muqtada, and the office of Marji' Ali [Sistani] was in the immediate proximity to the center of the security perimeter of Sayyid Muqtada's organization [office], well guarded, and especially so in the vicinity of both of their offices, and so how can it be conceived - and you being an expert in these matters - that this stringent security perimeter was breached by an unknown organization, which carried out a protracted strike on the home of the Sayyid Marji' [Sistani] and then retreated without the cognizance of the organization of Sayyid Muqtada.    
     
    


	 
       urlLink  Mark Steyn   is on the bandwagon for 'rolling elections' in Iraq; let those places where stability reigns begin the process of running the nation.   There are some 8,000 towns and villages in the country. How many do you hear about on the news? For a week, it's all Fallujah all the time. Then it's Najaf, and nada for anywhere else. Currently, 90 percent of Iraqi coverage is about one lousy building: Abu Ghraib. So what's going on in the other 7,997 dots on the map? In the Shia province of Dhi Qar, a couple hundred miles southeast of Baghdad, 16 of the biggest 20 cities plus many smaller towns will have elected councils by June. These were the first free elections in Dhi Qar's history and "in almost every case, secular independents and representatives of nonreligious parties did better than the Islamists." That assessment is from the anti-war anti-Bush anti-Blair Euro-lefties at the Guardian, by the way.  That policy of ad hoc, incremental, rolling devolution needs to be accelerated. Towns and provinces should have as much sovereignty as they can handle, on the obvious principle that the constituent parts of ramshackle federations rarely progress at the same pace. In the former Yugoslavia, Slovenia is now an advanced Western economy, Kosovo is a U.N. slum housing project. If one were to cast the situation in rough British terms, the Kurdish areas are broadly analogous to Scotland, Dhi Qar and other Shia provinces are Wales, and the Sunni Triangle is Northern Ireland.  Even in the Sunni Triangle, remove Fallujah and the remaining 95 percent is relatively calm. And, while Fallujah hasn't been removed, it has been more or less quarantined. There have been fewer lethal attacks in Baghdad in recent weeks in part because many of the perpetrators were Fallujah residents who used to drive up to the capital for a little light RPG work in the evening. Now they're pinned down in their hometown.   We need more of that. The best bulwark against tyranny is a population that knows the benefits of freedom, as the Iraqi Kurds do. Don't make the mistake of turning Iraq into a dysfunctional American public school, where the smart guys get held down to the low standards of the misfits and in the end they all get the same social promotion anyway. Let's get on with giving the Kurdish and Shia areas elected governors and practical sovereignty, province by province.   Important to note that even many anti-Bush pundits, who haven't completely lost their head and can't think about anything except American defeat, are in favor of this idea. I was hoping Bush would say something about it in Carlisle last night, but if he did, I missed it.  
     
    


	 
       urlLink  Jason van Steenwyk   has a damning round-up of the way the big media played Gen. Mattis' quote about not having to apologize for the conduct of his troops in Iraq. I already provided a link to the  urlLink  press conference where the quote originated,   but here's the relevant section of it:   Unnamed Reporter: What happened yesterday at 3 a.m. in Al Qaim? Was there a wedding on? A wedding celebration?  Gen. Mattis: You joined us a little late, as I said to the young lady here, I said how many people how many people go to the desert 10 miles from the Syrian border and hold a wedding 80 miles from the nearest civilization? Over two-dozen military-aged males ... let's not be naïve. Let's leave it at that.   (Question unintelligible)   Gen. Mattis: I can't ... I've seen the pictures, but I can't ... bad things happened. Generally ... in Fallujah, I never saw a Marine hide behind a woman or a child or hold them in their house and fire out of the building. I don't have to apologize for the conduct of my Marines.    Garbles aside, it's clear that a reporter asked a question about the wedding tragedy in Al Qaim, to which Mattis answered, in part, "let's not be naïve." Mattis then took another question, probably about the footage from that attack, which he responded to by making several attempts to frame an answer, including uttering the partial sentence "bad things happenED" [emphasis added].  He then tried to give context (or else change the subject somewhat) by making reference to the fighting in Fallujah, and he described the way the U.S. Marines fought THERE, and what they didn't do THERE (presumably by comparison to what their attackers did, and suggesting, perhaps, that this is what happened in Al Qaim). And in reference to THAT -- to Marine behavior in Fallujah -- he said, "I don't have to apologize for the conduct of my Marines."  It is possible that Mattis meant that he didn't have to apologize for Al Qaim. But that is not at all clear from the context. He had changed the topic and was talking about Fallujah, not Al Qaim, right before he said that. If reporters were going to peg their stories on that quote, they should have followed up and asked the general exactly what he meant. But they did something entirely different and devious.  Here's how this quote turns out in a sampling of major media:  In "The Independent":    "These were more than two dozen military-age males. Let's not be naive," Major General James Mattis, commander of the US 1st Marine Division, said. But he had no explanation of where the dead women and children in the video came from. "I have not seen the pictures but bad things happen in wars," he said cryptically. "I don't have to apologise for the conduct of my men."    In the "New York Times":    At a news conference in Falluja, west of Baghdad, he [Mattis] said that two dozen men of military age were among those killed.  "Let's not be naive," he said. "Bad things happen in wars."  "I don't have to apologize for the conduct of my men," he added.    In the "Guardian":    Major General James Mattis, commander of the 1st Marine Division, was scathing of those who suggested a wedding party had been hit. "How many people go to the middle of the desert ... to hold a wedding 80 miles (130km) from the nearest civilization? These were more than two dozen military-age males. Let's not be naive."   When reporters asked him about footage on Arabic television of a child's body being lowered into a grave, he replied: "I have not seen the pictures but bad things happen in wars. I don't have to apologize for the conduct of my men."     In Reuters:    "How many people go to the middle of the desert 10 miles from the Syrian border to hold a wedding 80 miles from the nearest civilization?" Mattis said in Falluja.  "These were more than two dozen military-age males. Let's not be naive ... Bad things happen in wars.   "I don't have to apologize for the conduct of my men."    In the Toronto "Globe and Mail":    "Bad things happen in wars," said Major-General James Mattis, the U.S. Marine commander in charge of occupation forces in western Iraq.  "These were more than two dozen military-age males. I don't have to apologize for the conduct of my men."    It's unclear how many of these papers were even at the news conference. They seem in some cases to be quoting one another. What is clear is that the money line about "not apologizing" is explicitly connected to the Al Qaim footage, without any indication that Mattis had changed the subject and was talking about Fallujah. In some cases bits of what he said in answer to two different questions are jammed together as if they were a single statement, without even the necessary elipsis (...) to indicate omitted material.  When you read a sentence or passage in a newspaper, with a quotation mark at one end and a quotation mark at the other, you should be safe in assuming that the person to whom the quote is attributed said all that, at one time, and nothing more or less, with no one else introducing new questions or comments in the process.  If you assumed that about the Reuters, "Guardian," or "Globe and Mail" articles quoted above, you'd be wrong. And it wouldn't be your fault. They deceived you. They broke a cardinal rule of journalism.  The "Independent" weaseled through the quote by the tactic of placing the attributions at the key places where they skipped material. Having a "he said" breaks up a quote. So technically, they haven't broken the rules. But if you go right back into the source's quote, as they do, without a paragraph break, without indicating that the topic has changed, then you've, at best, severely warped the rules in the direction of deceiving the reader.  The "New York Times" accomplishes the same thing by breaking up the key quotes into two short paragraphs, each ending with a close-quote. Now, the NYT is no friend of brief paragraphs; theirs often run a yard and a half without taking a breath. Their sudden use of the device here is more than suspicious. It allows them to be technically accurate, and still highly misleading.  [Reuters seems to have aimed for the same effect, since the "apology" line is a new paragraph, but the absence of a close-quote at the end of the graph above it makes it read as a continuation of that sentence. Whether they tried to stay on the right side of the "legitimacy" line or not, Reuters failed.]  Not changing a quote is the prime directive of news writing. I wouldn't let a junior high school newspaper get away with what the "Guardian" did, if I were its advisor. My old editors would have told me any reporter who twists a quote like that has no business in this business. But evidently it's OK -- in the right circumstances -- for the big media.  The difference between this war and World War II is, Bush is no Roosevelt, and the media is determined to present the war in the worst possible light for the American side. I can just imagine what the "Battle of the Bulge" would have looked like if covered by the modern "New York Times" and the "Guardian" and Reuters.      (so can Allahpundit)   Meanwhile, the president made a major speech, and the networks didn't cover it. I can recall them tuning out a president like that before, I think they did it to Clinton at least once, but this smelled like a deliberate snub. Yet the more I read about it, the more it seems like something more subtle. As I understand it, the White House didn't request airtime. The networks could have covered the Carlisle speech anyway, of course. But this seems actually to jibe with the Bush strategy of marginalizing the big media. Other people have proposed this as the administration's strategy. If so, it's working. After 9-11, I tuned in to the major world media every day to learn what was happening and why. By now, I can't read an AP or Reuters story on Iraq without shaking my head in disbelief at the sheer ignorance and bias of the writing. I get my information online. I haven't watched TV in years.     
     
    


	 
      Sometimes I waver in my commitment to the whole Iraq project. Sometimes it seems the Bush administration is just too incompetent to do the job and the American media is openly committed to defeat and failure, and that combination is too much to overcome, even for the best intentions. Sometimes I think my girlfriend is right, that I'm a hopeless idealist. Then I read the indispensible Mohammed at  urlLink  Iraq the Model   and remember who we're doing this for, and why we're doing it:   This reminds me of a friend of mine, whose house was the target for a grenade attack a few days ago (we thank God, no one was hurt) just because he works to build this country with the coalition. He said “Ok, I’m ready to leave this job, but those who attacked my house, what are they going to offer as an alternative? They just want to see everyone paralyzed with fear and hate.”  Love is another subject. It demands that you think a lot, fight against what you are told about "the others" and to give a lot for others. Building love takes more time and keeping the faith in it requires patience and sacrifices and a vision that exceeds the limits of today or tomorrow, and this is what the losers can’t afford. That’s why they chose the easier road of hollow criticism that lacks the spirit and creativity and this would be obvious if you looked closer at the nature of the efforts that counteract the changing process: they provide no alternatives at all, or sometimes, with great foolishness, try to compare the current situation with the previous one or to go back to it saying that things were better then.  Some say that the US must withdraw from Iraq right now for the best of Iraqis; I say, Ok, the US withdrew from Somalia long time ago and what was the result? What’s Somalia like now?  Humanity, in its nature, has an inclination to move forwards and  those people are acting against this nature and once again I tell you that their job is very easy and it won’t need much to be done while my job is a hard one that needs a lot but I’m not giving it up .  A prosperous and democratic Iraq will be a reality; it’s just a matter of time. Everyone should believe in this, more than this, we should start to feel it from this moment and the obstacles we’re facing right now will be a history that we would only discuss in the future to get some lessons from.   Finally, I have a question to the anti-change and to our friends in the biased media wherever they might be; if all your stories were true and if we were wrong about everything we did, what suggestions would you offer to make things better? what are your plans?  What?! What did you say? I'm listening.    What indeed? And before you proposed the United Nations at the savior of Iraq, consider what you'd be sending in:   urlLink  Teenage rape victims fleeing war in the Democratic Republic of Congo are being sexually exploited by the United Nations peace-keeping troops sent to the stop their suffering.   (Don't look for repeated images of that on the world news, of course. No Americans were involved.)  Or try this:  Michael A. Sells reports, in  "The Bridge Betrayed: Religion and Genocide in Bosnia,"  that "in the summer of 1992, U.N. peacekeepers under the command of Canadian General Lewis MacKenzie frequented the rape camp known as Sonja's Kon-Tiki, in the town of Vogosca near Sarajevo. Even after they learned that the women at the Kon-Tiki were Muslim captives held against their will, abused, and sometimes killed, U.N. peacekeepers continued to take advantage of the women there and to fraternize with their nationalist Serb captors." 
     
    


	 
       urlLink  Victor Davis Hanson   gives the Iraq war a report card. The results: Strategy, A; tactics, B-; message, D.   Have there been mistakes? Of course. Admit them and confess they were errors of omission, not commission—of misplaced leniency, not excessive brutality. The Iraqi army should have been weeded from within rather than destroyed outright. The first wave of looters whose crimes led to a rampage that stole six months of Iraq’s future and wrecked the country should have been shot. Abu Ghraib should have been exploded on liberation in front of world television as testament to its Baathist horror, an iconic act of our resolve to end the mass murder.  But all that is in the past. Our strategy is still inspired and our military is superb. But we need to let them win and then tell the world why. And if we don’t, we may very well lose.     urlLink  Andrew Sullivan   does the necessary work of fisking Susan Sontag's NYT/Guardian Abu Ghraib piece.   Sontag asserts that the core of the U.S. and coalition mission in Iraq is imperial conquest. This is demonstrably untrue. The motives of the French and Belgians in nineteenth and twentieth century imperialism were utterly different than the Bush administration's attempt to pre-empt Islamist terror in the wake of 9/11. The goal from the beginning of the Iraq war has been to set up a democratic and stable Iraq and to move toward U.S. withdrawal. No imperialist would be insisting upon a June 30 deadline for the transfer of sovereignty, as President Bush did last night. The conflation of these two distinct endeavors is absurd: mere rhetoric, not argument. Was American intervention in Bosnia, of which Sontag approved, "imperialist"? It saved Muslims from a totalitarian, genocidal monster as well. And we still have troops there. If Sontag wants to make a distinction between the two wars, it would be interesting to read. But none is there. She is venting, not arguing.     urlLink  Charles Krauthammer   agrees that we need more expensive gas, not cheaper gas.   The idea is for the government -- through a tax -- to establish a new floor for gasoline, say $3 a gallon. If the world price were to rise above $3, the tax would be zero. What we need is anything that will act as a brake on consumption. Since America consumes 45 percent of the world's gasoline, a significant reduction here would bring down the world price.   But the key is to then keep the tax. Indeed, let it increase to capture all of a price reduction. Consumers still pay $3, but the Saudis keep getting lower and lower world prices. The U.S. economy keeps the rest in the form of taxes -- which should immediately be cycled back to consumers by a corresponding cut in, say, payroll or income taxes.   Keep gasoline prices high and American consumers will once again start demanding and buying lighter and more fuel-efficient cars -- exactly as they did in the late '70s and early '80s. Prices will continue to drop, and the U.S. economy will capture the difference.   It's a perfectly virtuous circle. It requires only a modicum of political courage. Which is why it does not stand a chance of happening.   
     
    


	 
       urlLink  Dissident Frogman   quotes a French legislator in the EU as advocating nuclear armament of Arab nations. And claiming that the present instability of the Mideast is a result of the thwarting of France's efforts in the '70s to do just that.   There is, however, another serious imbalance for which we are in part responsible, namely the imbalance of forces. I have no hesitation in saying that we must consider giving the Arab side a large enough force, including a large enough nuclear force, to persuade Israel that it cannot simply do whatever it wants. That is the policy my country [i.e., France] pursued in the 1970s when it gave Iraq a nuclear force. We have now destroyed it. So we will carry on with our policy of imbalance and what is happening today is merely the annoying but inevitable result of our collective blindness and cowardice.  
     
    


	 
      Someone who watched it on TV said it was like watching a bad wreck happen. You knew what was coming, you wanted to do something to stop it, but you just sat helpless as it happened right in front of you. And when the smoke cleared Monday in Cannes, Michael Moore held a  Palme D'Or  in his mitt.   Anti-war people love Michael Moore because he is make the blood boil in their enemies' veins. He does, I admit it. Moore is a "professional defiler" (this from a California film professor who is praising Moore in an AP article). He is a talented film-editor, maybe the best around, but that's a devious business, and the films he makes are a combination of Michael Moore paean and political commercials.  They do not deserve to be called "documentaries" if they twist facts. I don't mean they must include all facts or all points of views. They can talk about "X" and ignore "Y." But if they call an "X" a "G," that's lying. And he's done that in every film.  If the French wish to debase their cultural history to the point where they award their highest honor for artistic achievement in film to a bit of cleverly edited political propaganda, that's their business. Truly, though, it's a sign of the death knell of an art when the political content outweighs any other consideration.  My favorite quote about Moore, by the way, is off the "comments" section of one of the Web sites I read, paraphrasing Henry II: "Is there no chicken sandwich to rid me of this Mamma Cass?"  Do I want to see smirking Moore on the cover of "Time" and "Newsweek," proclaimed "America's kingmaker"? Do I want to endure four years of the French film industry knowing it can pick the next president of the United States?  Seriously, do I want the terrorists to believe, as they certainly will, that footage of dead civilians and dead Americans can accomplish their purpose, as it did in Spain; can defeat the greatest national power in the world at the cost of a handful of "martyrs"?  My politics this year summed up by "Anyone but Bush, any time but now." In other words, if you're John Kerry, you have to convince me to come over. Given the way the polls stand now, you'd think a vote like mine (and there are many of us) would be important to the Democrats. Someone who supports the birth of democracy in Iraq, without being at all convinced that the current administration is willing and able to accomplish it.  Given the threat of Nader to draw off the pure "bring them home now" anti-war vote, you'd think the Democrats would be even more interested in having my support.  And frankly, people like Moore just stand in the way. I feel my bile rise every time I see the bloated image of the man who  urlLink  boasts of the success of the Iraqi "Minutemen" and calls for them to slaughter more Americans "until enough blood has been let that maybe -- just maybe -- God and the Iraqi people will forgive us in the end."   It may please the anti-Bush people to know I despise him, but do they realize how much more difficult that makes it for me to think about pulling the Kerry lever?  Disassociating himself from Moore's sleazebag filmmaking -- and from the French intellectual class at the same time -- would be a lovely move for Kerry right now. But I've just about given up on hoping for things like that from him.  Meanwhile, for all their infatuation with Moore's work, some European intellectuals have begun to realize that the man himself is not the antidote to what they hate about America; he's the embodiment of it: a powerful, wealthy, selfish, vainglorious lout.    urlLink   What I think, after my short time in his company, is that Moore is a man you would not want as an opponent, but also one you'd think twice about calling a friend. Though a talented film-maker and a clever showman, a populist who knows how to play the maverick, he is too often both big-headed and small-minded. In his desire to be seen as the decent man telling truth to power, he is too ready to blame those less powerful than himself for his shortcomings. He was justly revered in the Palais, but out on the street no one had a kind word to say about him. At Cannes, Moore may have been the star but he was not, it seems, the man of the people.      This assessment, from "The Spectator," is not about Moore per se but about European anti-Americanism in general. But, of course, he is the star of that show; the poor man's Chomsky.    urlLink  I considered, not for the first time, the real character of this indiscriminate America bashing. It's like what Michael Moore dishes up -- comfort food for people who want to feel good about feeling bad toward America. Droves of Europeans seem to be craving this junk. A writer for the German weekly Der Spiegel told me during the Iraq debate not to take offense at the crude anti-American covers of the magazine such as the ugly, bearded, drooling Rambo figure it used to show the typical GI in Iraq. "We're just trying to please our million readers," he explained.     UPDATE:  urlLink  Here's another who calls Moore a slandering liar, and has cause to know of what he speaks.   
     
    


	 
      The Mahdi Army, Moqtadr al-Sadr's thug gang, has essentially withdrawn from Karbala under fire, in part from Iraqi soldiers trained by the U.S. Special Forces. The Shi'ite holy city is back in coalition hands, its sacred sites intact, its population eager to get back to business.  But the  urlLink  opinion-makers   in the  urlLink  official Saudi media   continually number Karbala among the many "war crimes" they impute to the Americans in Iraq.  This might be the time to remind them of their own history. The Wahhabi-Saudi state, as one of its first acts, marched up to Shi'i territory and sacked Karbala and massacred its population. Wahhabis had the unusual tendency to refer only to themselves as "Muslims." That put all other Muslims outside the protective circle of  dar-al-islam  and made them legitimate targets for jihad, robbery, and enslavement. Shi'ites were special targets of the Wahhabist purification; their veneration of holy sites like the tomb of Husayn in Karbala earned them a virulent attack, unprovoked.  The raid on Karbala came in 1802 (year 1217 of the Islamic calendar), even before the Wahhabi-Saudis had conquered Mecca and Medina. This account is from the Saudi chronicler 'Uthman bin 'Abdullah bin Bishr:   In the year 1216, Sa'ud [son of Saudi ruler 'Abd al-'Aziz] set out with his divinely supported army and cavalry that he had recruited from both the citydwellers and nomads of Najd, from the south, from the Hijaz, Tihama and elsewhere. He made for Karbala and began hostilities against the people of the city of al-Husayn. This was in the month of Dhu'l-Qa'da. The Muslims [i.e., the Wahhabis] scaled the walls, entered the city by force, and killed the majority of its people in the markets and in their homes. Then they destroyed the dome placed over the grave of al-Husayn by those who believe in such things. They took whatever they found inside the dome and its surroundings. They took the grille surrounding the tomb which was encrusted with emeralds, rubies, and other jewels. They took everything they found in the town: different types of property, weapons, clothing, carpets, gold, silver, precious copies of the Qu'ran, as well as much else -- more than can be enumerated. They stayed in Karbala for no more than a morning, leaving around midday with all the property they had gathered and having killed about two thousand people. Then Sa'ud departed by way of al-Ma' al-Abyad. He had the booty assembled in front of him. He deducted one fifth for himself and then distributed the rest among the Muslims [i.e., the Wahhabis], giving a single share to each footsoldier and a double share to each horseman. Then he returned home." [ 'Unwad al-Majd,"  pp. 121-122, quoted in  "Wahhabism,"  by Hamid Algar, Islamic Publications International, 2002]   They presumably consigned to the fire all the precious book other than the Qu'ran, as they did later than year when they overran the town of Ta'if.
     
    


	 
      Coalition military leaders and Iraqis describe the situation in Fallujah; how the cooperation came about and how it's holding up. This is a fascinating story, still playing out, that is pregnant with potential for the future of the whole Iraq liberation effort. Yes, of course, you won't read about this in your hometown newspaper, at least not if your town is the same as mine. Not to blame the wire desk here: AP and NYT aren't anywhere near this story.    Gen Mattis:  I wouldn't be happy to do that. The only way you build trust out here is for us to work together. We've seen it in Husaybah, where we had a dickens of a fight and literally a couple days later, things had changed... (tape garbled) RPGs. We're finding out people with IED making material. They way you break down distrust is by getting together and even if someone doesn't like the big issues, they don't like American foreign policy, we don't like certain things, when you work together, you sweat together, you try to focus on things where we have common cause, like sometimes the Iraqi police department, they don't have to like us.     urlLink  Please take time to read the whole transcript.   
     
    


	 
      According to  urlLink  "Editor & Publisher,"   the official publication of the U.S. news media, the proportion of self-defined "liberals" in newsrooms is increasing much faster tyhan that of self-defined "conservatives," and the ratio is well out of proportion to the nation as a whole:   NEW YORK Those convinced that liberals make up a disproportionate share of newsroom workers have long relied on Pew Research Center surveys to confirm this view, and they will not be disappointed by the results of Pew's latest study released today.  While most of the journalists, like many Americans, describe themselves as "moderate," a far higher number are "liberal" than in the general population.  At national organizations (which includes print, TV and radio), the numbers break down like this: 34% liberal, 7% conservative. At local outlets: 23% liberal, 12% conservative. At Web sites: 27% call themselves liberals, 13% conservatives.   This contrasts with the self-assessment of the general public: 20% liberal, 33% conservative.   And as for the shift over time, since 1995, Pew found at national outlets that the liberal segment has climbed from 22% to 34% while conservatives have only inched up from 5% to 7%.  It's important to remember that this is a self-assessment. And, from my experience, the majority of journalists who describe themselves as "moderates" actually break toward the left on most issues. If you consider the schism between newsrooms and the rest of the U.S., it's not surprising that a "moderate" in the subculture will be a "liberal" in the larger culture.
     
    


	 
      My son, Luke, took some pictures today with Amy's new digital camera.  urlLink  Check 'em out.         
     
    


	 
       urlLink  This article   is an interview with a fighter in an indigenous Sunni Islamist group, apparently based in Baaqouba, Iraq, which claims responsibility for attacks on Coalition targets.   In answer to one question, he sums up what the U.N. has to look forward to when it returns to Iraq:    IWPR:  What is your position regarding the explosion at the United Nations? [August 19, 2003 attack on UN, claimed by a group calling itself the “Armed Vanguards of the Second Army of Mohammed”]   Jaysh Muhammed:  There is no real United Nations. It is an organisation completely controlled by the United States and its resolutions always serve US interests.   This after he's already approved the kidnapping of foreigners.   
     
    


	 
      Newsroom editor's remark tonight (condensed, but essentially accurate): "My hairdresser turned me off today. She said if she were president she would just kill all the Muslims. That explains why people support Bush."  OK, let's follow this. If I want to see Arabs dead, I support the administration and its war in Iraq.   According to Iraq Body Count, the number of civilian casualties in the year since the U.S. attacked Saddam's regime has been between 8,730 and 10,781. Civilian casualties are elusive numbers in the atmosphere over there, and perhaps IBC errs on the anti-war side, but at least they're counting (unlike our government), so let their numbers stand for now.  Because the Human Rights Center in Kadhimiya, Iraq, which is run by Iraqis (not Coalition leaders), combed through the Baathist secret archives and projected that, if the invasion had not happened, Saddam would have killed  70,000 people  in that same period.  So, if I want to see a lot of dead Arabs, I'm not getting my money's worth from GWB and friends. They're only one-seventh as effective, at best, as the previous management.  Ah,  sic transit gloria.  But, nostalgia notwithstanding, it's too late to bring back Saddam, dust off his uniform, and prop him back up. Now we have a choice between Bush and Kerry. And I can't quite figure out what the latter wants to do in Iraq. Sometimes he talks about sending even more U.S. troops over there. But our essential work of killing all the Arabs (as my co-worker sees it) is going so slowly that I hardly think more troops will be an improvement. More of the same? No, please.  However, he also talks sometimes about turning the country over to the United Nations. Now there's a dog that will hunt, you bet!  The U.N. undertook to run Somalia in 1993. Thanks to its best efforts at nation-building, Somalia isn't even a country anymore. They're still waiting for a government. Hah! And we Americans are getting all knotted up about June 30. Give the job to the U.N.: they measure their deadlines in decades.  The U.N. went on a peacekeeping jaunt to Cambodia in 1993, and actually managed to hold an election. The organization touts this as "a model and shining example" of what it can do -- despite the fact that Hun Sen promptly siezed power after losing at the ballot box.  And look what fine work the U.N. does while watching nations melt back into a state of nature. According to the U.N. itself, its peacekeepers in Rwanda stood by as Hutu slaughtered  800,000  Tutsi. In Bosnia in the mid-'90s, the U.N. declared safe areas for Muslims and let them become killing fields. Serbs slaughtered thousands in Srebrenica and thousands more elsewhere. The mass graves still are being excavated. The U.N. troops, so far from helping, became hostages to the Serbs to deter a U.S.-led military action.  No, the facts are inescapable. George Bush is just no damn good at killing Ay-rabs on a grand scale. For that kind of job, better call the blue helmets.  Most of us know which candidate in the U.S. is most eager to give them the chance. I expect even my co-worker's hairdresser could see the logic in that, if I explained it to her. I doubt my editor co-worker could, though.    
     
    


	 
       urlLink  Blaster's Blog   has been my indispensible source for sorting out the sarin shell episode. Reading it is like sitting around the bar with a bunch of military ordnance men who know what they're talking about, and can peel back the confusion in the media to get at the pith of the story. By comparison, the AP coverage reads like it was written by a blind hippie.  But it's also a sprawling discussion, and for those who don't want to absorb the whole, thing,  urlLink  Smash   has thoughtfully provided a boiled-down version of what it means. Among his conclusions:    Sometime between 1988-95, Saddam developed and manufactured sophisticated, “mix-in-flight” binary chemical weapons.    He failed to declare these weapons, as required, to UN weapons inspectors.   Iraq did not destroy all of its chemical weapons.   A stockpile of artillery shells, including at least some that contain chemical warheads, has been found by “insurgents” in Iraq.    He also parses an alternate theory by Scott Ritter. Check it out. This story is much bigger than what you've likely been reading or seeing. It just doesn't have pictures of smirking dumbass prison guards pointing at the genitals of naked men.
     
    


	 
      1.   So far we know as much about the Oil-for-Food mess as we do the Abu Ghraib prisoner scandal. Other than the sensational pictorial evidence from the prisons, the only difference in the respective ongoing audits is that the U.S. military is fully investigating its own while the U.N. is stonewalling. But if dozens of Iraqis may have been humiliated and perhaps even tortured by renegade American soldiers, tens of thousands of women and children faced starvation while corrupt U.N. officials at the highest levels knew about billions of needed dollars in illegal kickbacks skimmed off hand-in-glove with a mass murderer.    urlLink  Victor Davis Hanson, "Season of Apologies"    2.   3. Begin your first paragraph with a grandiose sentence and end with a terse, startlingly unexpected contradiction:  a. The future of civilization depends upon open communication between Yasir Arafat and Ariel Sharon. If the two don’t speak to each other, the world edges closer to the precipice of total war. If, on the other hand, they manage to engage in open conversation and resolve their differences, Israelis could soon be celebrating Seders in Saudi Arabia. But for now, the two men can’t speak. Why? You can’t make a collect call from Bethlehem.    urlLink  Write your own Thomas Friedman column!    3.   Consider this: to fly a jet plane into a building, blow yourself up along with a bus full of people, or personally slice the head from a living human being requires more than misguided ideology, misreading of religious canon, or a lack of job opportunities. These acts are catalyzed by prolonged immersion in cults of hatred and demonization - cults with many sources, and many manifestations. We’ll be examining the ingredients and expressions of these cults of hatred in our monthly briefing.    urlLink  "Hatewatch," a new feature at "Winds of Change    4.   Gentlemen, I believe we have it down. We will stuff the rooms with banal games that provide less than 30 seconds of entertainment for a token, meaning that the kids will leap from one machine to the other like nits on a hotplate. We have chosen as our mascot a particularly odious form of rodent based directly on Mortimer, the annoying mouse who not only courted Minnie, but showed Minnie to be somewhat of a roundheels: she’s impressed by the guy. We will have a scary anamatronic Chuck E. at each locale. And I do not mean the rapper. We will have Tvs playing the Chuck E. Cheese show, in which a wide variety of post-childhood generational archetypes are ridiculed, interspersed with skits featuring obvious Muppet knockoffs. Are we missing anything that would make it all an experience parents are loathe to repeat?  (coughs, murmurs)  "Uh – sir? Johnson here."  Yes, Jackson. What?  "Uh – we make the pizza an inedible simulacrum of the worst pizza ever served to sentient beings?  Exactly! Bravo, son. Bravo!"    urlLink  Lileks imagines the "meeting of the consultants who came up with the original concept for Chuck E. Cheeses"  
     
    


	 
      1.  A German couple who went to a fertility clinic after eight years of marriage have found out why they are still childless - they weren't having sex.    urlLink  Childless couple told to try sex    2.  Encouraging schoolchildren to experiment with oral sex could prove the most effective way of curbing teenage pregnancy rates, a government study has found. Pupils under 16 who were taught to consider other forms of 'intimacy' such as oral sex were significantly less likely to engage in full intercourse, it was revealed.     urlLink  Oral sex lessons to cut rates of teenage pregnancy    
     
    


	 
      I read  urlLink  this fascinating interview with the wonderful Irshad Manji   in the "Independent."   She is frustrated that more moderate Muslims do not fight. "At all of the public events I've done to promote this book, not once have I seen a moderate Muslim stand up and look an extremist in the eye and say, 'I'm Muslim too. I disagree with your perspective. Now let's hash it out publicly.' Yes, after the event people tip-toe up to me and say, 'Thank you for what you are doing.' And there are times when I really want to say, 'Where was your support when it mattered? Not for my ego. But to show the extremists that they are not going to walk away with the show.'"   I wrote to the newspaper's editor complaining about an obvious missing word or garble in another important quote:   "I asked, 'Do these women realise that the very groups and individuals whom they are defending are the very people who, if they were in power here, would frankly their daughters particularly of their right to be at Oxford at all?' "    While I was at it, I informed the editor that Matthew Shepherd was not, as he was described parenthetically in the same story, "a young gay man who was recent crucified and burned to death in Texas."   urlLink  He was a young gay man beaten and tied to a fence, dying of injuries and exposure, in Wyoming, in 1998.    But I guess, when you're the "Independent," it makes better Bush-baiting if he was crucified and burned in Texas. Fact-checking? We don't need no stinkin' fact-checking.
     
    


	 
      Another editor and I were discussing media bias, anti-war activism, and related topics this week. I said, "I know a lot of right-wingers who were furious at Clinton over Kosovo, but I don't recall any of them cheering American casualties or rooting for American defeat, like many on the anti-war left do now." He instantly challenged me to name some and the first name that rolled off my tongue was "Michael Moore."  I guess it hit the mark because he was willing to believe it of Moore  urlLink  (I was ready to prove it, if he was unconvinced).   But my fellow editor dismissed Moore as the lunatic fringe of the anti-war crowd, "just like Rush is on the other side. They cancel each other out, and I don't pay any attention to either one."  I let that stand and moved on, but it occurred to me, later, that even if it is so in our minds, it's not so in our profession.  The last story our newspaper ran about Rush was about how he had said something stupid, downplaying the Abu Ghraib tortures. The story (AP) originated with one of the anti-Rush groups that monitors his programs and alerts the media when it thinks he's said something egregious.  Our last Michael Moore story (AP) was about how Moore has been "censored" by Disney, which refused to distribute his virulent 9-11 movie, and the article contained Moore's dark mutterings about how Disney feared losing its tax breaks from Bush's brother, the Florida governor. The source of the story was, Michael Moore. It wasn't even until the write-through, several hours later, that the AP included a quote from Jeb Bush pointing out that Disney got no tax breaks from him.  And when it transpired, a day or so later, that this was not news, that Disney had told Moore of its intentions in March 2003, not a word was printed to that effect. But the  "New York Times"  did run an editorial in support of Moore, blasting "craven" Disney.  Meanwhile, when Moore boasts that the Iraqi insurgents are going to win, and calls for more American deaths, it doesn't make news in the mainstream media.  As of today, by the way, Moore's Web site still links to the  "Guardian"  story puffing up the now-exposed phony photo(shop)graphs of alleged British abuse of Iraqi detainees. Moore's commitment to the "free media" evidently means "I'm free to use all media to lie my ass off if it busts on anyone I dislike."   [Hitchens parsed Moore and his fawning Euro-fans nicely the other day: "But speaking here in my capacity as a polished, sophisticated European as well, it seems to me the laugh here is on the polished, sophisticated Europeans. They think Americans are fat, vulgar, greedy, stupid, ambitious and ignorant and so on. And they've taken as their own, as their representative American, someone who actually embodies all of those qualities."]   Just so, almost all Pat Robertson stories in our newspaper originate with Americans United for Separation of Church and State, or some group like them. I belong to that group. I believe in much of what it does. But I think it's absurd for a media that doesn't pay attention to the entirety of a public figure like Rush or Robertson to rely on their sworn enemies as the sole directors for what to cover and when.
     
    


	 
      From today's "Independent," here's another Chatterati who  urlLink  wants an American defeat in Iraq so bad he can taste it.   This is the guy who writes the "Mars-Venus" books. I suppose that qualifies him as an expert on international relations, to the "Independent." This is the same "philosopher" whose academic credentials were exposed by bloggers as fraudulent. He threatened to sue one of them in response. But at least he's dropped the "Dr."  The title of the article is  "Power and vainglory: Iraq isn't another Vietnam - it's much worse. The images of abused prisoners demonstrate not just American depravity, says the philosopher John Gray, but the folly of waging war as a moral crusade"  Fasten your seatbelts. The Vietnam identifications vomit forth from this guy with a force that makes Ted Kennedy look like a sober historian.    Misguided from the start, the war in Iraq is spiralling out of control. Any legitimacy the occupying forces may ever have possessed has been destroyed, and there are signs that Iraqi insurgents are coming together to mount a movement of resistance that could render the country ungovernable. With even more damning images likely to find their way into the public realm in the near future, the United States is facing an historic defeat in Iraq - a blow to American power more damaging than it suffered in Vietnam, and far larger in its global implications.  The inescapable implication of currently available evidence is that the use of torture by US forces was not an aberration, but a practice sanctioned at the highest levels. Undoubtedly there were serious breaches of discipline, and the blank failure to understand that they had done anything wrong displayed by some of the abusers does not speak well for the levels of training of sections of the US military.    He compares the "resistance mounted by the Iraqi insurgents" to "the anti-colonial liberation struggles of the 1950s," and declares that U.S. forces have been "plunged into a type of conflict for which they are supremely ill equipped." And that is fighting in an Iraq where "the enemy comprises much of the population."  He decries the U.S. because it "unilaterally declared members of terrorist organisations to be illegal combatants who are not entitled to the protection of the Geneva Convention." I suppose, though he does not say this, we should have "multilaterally" negotiated their status with al Qaida. I don't know about Mars and Venus, but I detect an influence of the Moon there.  Gray has been predicting an imminent U.S. "cut-and-run" from Iraq since last summer. He's still predicting it:    The US cannot afford an ongoing war in Iraq, but the price of a quick exit will be high. Even so, it looks clear that that is exactly what is about to happen. After the torture revelations, 'staying the course' is no longer feasible. This is not because the American public has reacted with massive revulsion to evidence of the systematic abuse of Iraqis - as has been the case in Britain and other European countries. Rather, Iraq and its people are now viewed with a mix of bafflement and hatred, and a mood of despair about the war has set in. Most Americans want out - and soon.    Now, this might be a good point to mention that there is not a single number of any sort in the entire Gray piece (except for "1950s"). That's right; this pontificating palace of power-prose ("vainglory ... destroyed ... historic defeat") is built without a scintilla of proof for its foundation.  This might also be the right point to note that Gray is flat-out wrong. The most recent comprehensive survey of Americans (by the Pew Research Center, released May 12), even after the horrible last few weeks, shows that, so far from most of us wanting "out -- and soon,"  urlLink  53 percent favor keeping the troops in Iraq, versus 42 percent who said the troops should be brought home.   The poll's error rate was plus or minus 2.5 percentage points.  From his armchair in London, Gray reads a "coming together" of the resistance and a "historic defeat" of the Americans. His "currently available evidence" leads to "inescapable" conclusions about the structure of the U.S. military and (as he reports later) the "trailer-park mentality" of American recruits.  He swivels in his chair and turns his all-seeing Sauron eye across the Atlantic, and discerns that, to Americans, "the Iraqi people ... are now viewed as virtually subhuman."  And he reports that the U.S. didn't merely overthrow a dictator; it "destroyed the Iraqi state, with the result that the country is now in a condition of semi-anarchy."  The artist formerly known as "Dr. John Gray" may be shy of numbers, but I am not. Here are a few examples of the "semi-anarchy," the "historic defeat," and the Americans' "subhuman" contempt:    "In the province of Dhi Qar, about 230 miles southeast of Baghdad and a backwater even by Iraq's standards, residents voting as families will have elected city councils in 16 of the 20 biggest cities by next month." In Baghdad, "American authorities created nine district councils ... with representatives sent by 88 neighborhood advisory councils. The district councils, in turn, sent representatives to the Baghdad City Advisory Council to work with the American administration." [Washington Post]    urlLink  Salaries are rising, employment is rising,   and retired government employees are finally getting decent pensions.   "We have rehabilitated the orphanages, the centres for the handicapped and special needs institutions in Iraq, as well as the institutions for the deaf and blind. Work is on to accommodate all the homeless and orphaned children and ensure the needs of the handicapped. In addition, we have opened 28 offices for the ministry in different parts of the country to accept applications of Iraqi citizens in search of employment and job training."   "More than five million Iraqi students are back in school and more than 51 million new Ba'ath-free textbooks are in circulation" [CPA]. Some 100,000 healthcare professionals are working in 240 re-opened hospitals and 1,200 clinics.    "Iraqi crude oil sales since last year's U.S.-led invasion hit more than $9 billion ... The Coalition Provisional Authority had deposited a total of $9.28 billion in its Development Fund for Iraq."   "Some 20,000 contractors are doing business in the country with relatively few security problems ... Most are sharing in the $18.4 billion that has been allocated by the U.S. government to rebuild roads, public utilities, schools, housing and other parts of the Iraq economy."    The Army Corps of Engineers has been restoring oil infrastructure. It also is building and improving ports, airports, roads, bridges, schools and health clinics. The corps has replaced more than 700 electrical towers throughout Iraq. As reported below,  urlLink  villages that never had clean drinking water now have their own filtration plants.     Overall "about 2,200 different [reconstruction] projects worth around $2.5 billion were under way, with 18,000 already completed. Targets had been met with oil production, which was back to 2.3 million barrels a day, clean drinking water and power."   Thanks to the generosity of U.S. civilians, Spirit of America has donated 10,000 school supply kits and three tons of medical supplies, as well as Frisbees and soccer balls, which are being given to Iraqis by the Marines "as gifts of friendship from the American people."    In late April, USA Today/CNN/Gallup Poll of 3,444 Iraqis asked "Thinking about any hardships you might have suffered since the US/British invasion, do you personally think that ousting Saddam Hussein was worth it or not?" Some 61 percent said it was worth it. In the Shia areas, 74 percent.   The Kurdish third of the nation is living in unparalleled peace and prosperity and freedom. The Sunni region is quieter than it has been since the end of the war. In Fallujah, as reported below, U.S.-appointed retired major-general Mohammed Abdul-Latif seems to be getting the job done. "We can make [the US] use their rifles against us or we can make them build our country, it's your choice," he told "a gathering of more than 40 sheikhs, city council members and imams in an eastern Fallujah suburb .... As he spoke, many sheikhs nodded in approval and listened with reverence. Later, they clasped his hands and patted him on the back."   In the Shia region, the thuggish al-Sadr is isolated and increasingly despised. The silent majority of Shiites have not heeded his call to rise up. The real ayatollahs will be leaders, and they are men like Sistani, who has made it clear that religious leaders should not be in charge of the state.   Marsh Arabs, whose homeland was destroyed by Saddam as collective punishment for their 1991 rebellion, are reclaiming their ancient way of life. As Saddam's dams come down, the marshes reflood and the ecosystem revives, along with the the way of life they brought.   All of which leaves aside the predictions of the doomsayers from a year ago, which never materialized: millions of refugees, tens of thousands of American dead, millions of Iraqi dead, chemical attacks, nukes over Tel Aviv, the Arab street in revolt and moderate governments overthrown, oil fields up in smoke.    "In the US," Gray reports, "American withdrawal will be represented as a reward for a job well done. The rest of the world will recognise it as a humiliating defeat, and it is here that the analogy of Vietnam is inadequate. The Iraq war has been lost far more quickly than that in South-east Asia, and the impact on the world is potentially much greater."  "The full implications of such a blow to American power cannot be foreseen," Gray concludes. He doesn't even try to foresee them. Instead he goes on to gloat over the impending death of "liberal imperialism" and to cackle at Tony Blair.  Let's give him the benefit of the doubt and believe he really means all this, and really thinks America is devastated by its defeat and forever discredited as a superpower. Do you think he'd pause for a moment to consider the implications of this for the world. Or, if he really doesn't care much about that, how about the implications for his own sorry ass? Or maybe for the millions of people who put the money in his pockets by buying his book? For the civilization that allows his psychological puffery to flourish?  Don't you think he'd pause, for a moment, and consider whether this impending "historic defeat" is a good thing or not, and, if not, what he ought to be doing right now besides celebrating it prematurely?
     
    


	 
      Gary Kasparov, the great chess master, knows a bit about how to win and lose a mental game. His  urlLink  piece in the Wall Street Journal today   is a call to arms.  When I used to play a lot of chess, I was enamored of gambits -- those strategies where you give away a lot of pieces, but in the end of giving them up hold such a commanding position on the board that, while you're opponent has been greedily snatching up the pawns, he hasn't noticed he's ended up in deep shit.  Trouble is, those tricks don't work on any halfway decent chess player, who knows how to think more than one move at a time. Maybe it's a coincidence that the same period in my life when I tried to play chess like that was my time of greatest fondness for moral equivalency arguments.  Kasparov sweeps this right off the table in his first paragraph:   It is said that to win a battle you must be the one to choose the battleground. Since the Abu Ghraib abuses were revealed, the battleground has been chosen by those who would blur the lines between terrorists and those fighting against them. The Bush administration has contributed to the confusion with its ambiguous "war on terror." You cannot fight a word. You need targets, you need to know what you are fighting for and against. Most importantly you must have beliefs that enable you to distinguish friend from foe.  While al Qaeda may not have a headquarters to bomb, there is no shortage of visible adversaries. What is required is to name them and to take action against them. We must also drag into the light those leaders and media who fail to condemn acts of terror. It is not only Al Jazeera talking about "insurgents" in Iraq, it is CNN. Many in Europe and even some in the U.S. are trying to differentiate "legitimate" terrorism from "bad" terrorism. Those who intentionally kill innocent civilians are terrorists, as are their sponsors. No political agenda should be allowed to advance through terrorist activity. We need to identify our enemy, not play with words.   Yet in the same space he points out the serious flaws in the Bush Administration's current approach. It is, as others have noted, an inarticulate administration. I'm not talking about inarticulate as in "nook-you-lar." I'm talking about the missing Lincoln/Roosevelt/Churchill quality. Hell, even a Giuliani quality would be an asset. Tell us who we're fighting for, tell us who were fighting against. Tell us why. Give us goals and tell us how we plan to accomplish them. Get up tomorrow and do it again.  Most of the rest of the Kasparov piece outlines the problems in the Islamic world and the media. It's difficult not to be totally demoralized about the Western media, which has no interest in the sarin shell story -- I was told last night that that's because we're "cautious" about such a story, but there's no such caution about (bogus) prison abuse photos which run in major media outlets with their Photoshop tags still dangling off them in plain view. It seems we're only cautious about the news that might help Bush get re-elected.  Which is a shame, again, because as I've said, Iraq and the war to create a safer world for our children is much, much bigger than this administration or this election. As Kasparov points out, it is crucial enough that it pulls down the usual political lines -- Chirac, the rightist, opposes rightist Bush; Blair, the leftist, supports him. And I'm among the former independents and leftists who have come into the tent on this issue, standing with a party whose ranks include many characters whose social agendas I find unsavory and whose economic policy seems disasterous.  I wish the Kasparov piece had been more full of advice on how the administration could get its mental game back in shape. The critiques of it generally come from war opponents, and are limited to the totally unhelpful "Bush is stupid" variety. Of course, they don't mean to be helpful. They want the war to fail so Bush will lose.  But a real debate among war supporters about what could be done better, in Washington, could be very productive. Even a bad gambit can become a win, if the mental toughness is there.
     
    


	 
      Moral equivalency sez: "Guy with a panty on his head = guy with no head."
     
    


	 
          Just curious if you saw this cartoon, or any one like it, in your hometown newspaper. I didn't think so. 
     
    


	 
      Well, it's happened and Western Civilization (or at least what passes for it in these parts) still stands. As a student of slavery in the Northern states of the U.S., I see in the Massachusetts gay marriage case something that echoes the legal fight that ended slavery in that state: "judicial activism."  Like states' rights, this one has come around from the beginning in American history. Politicians who love it one year hate it the next: it all depends on the last ox to be gored. But some people today, in discussing the Massachusetts marriage case, talk about such matters as modern corruptions, signs of our fall from the purity of the Founders.  The Massachusetts state constitution of 1780 contained a bill of rights that declared "all men are born free and equal, and have ... the right of enjoying and defending their lives and liberty." Clearly the Legislature, in approving this, did not intend to abolish slavery in Massachusetts. Had they wanted to do so, they would have been explicit (and probably set a long timetable for very gradual emancipation, as Pennsylvania's constitution of the same year did).   The courts were pro-abolition, however. And a 1783 judicial decision, interpreting the wording of the 1780 constitution, brought slavery to an end in Massachusetts. Collectively known as "the Quock Walker case," it was actually a bundle of judicial actions concerning a Massachusetts slave known as Quock Walker (the name is variously spelled).  Walker had been promised freedom by his original owner once he reached age 25, and there were witnesses, which usually was sufficient to win such a case. But the attorney who represented him, Levi Lincoln, was not content to argue the case on the technical grounds. One of the men who had claimed to own Walker had assaulted him, and Walker's legal team pressed charges on the basis that Walker had been a free man at the time, not property.  In his appeal to the Supreme Judicial Court, Lincoln argued that slavery was a violation of the laws of nature and of God. Chief Justice William Cushing held that the 1780 constitution had, in fact, granted rights that were incompatible with slavery:    "[W]haver sentiments have formerly prevailed in this particular or slid in upon us by the example of others, a different idea has taken place with the people of America, more favorable to the natural rights of mankind, and to that natural, innate desire of Liberty, with which Heaven (without regard to color, complexion, or shape of noses-features) has inspired all the human race. And upon this ground our Constitution of Government, by which the people of this Commonwealth have solemnly bound themselves, sets out with declaring that all men are born free and equal -- and that every subject is entitled to liberty, and to have it guarded by the laws, as well as life and property -- and in short is totally repugnant to the idea of being born slaves. This being the case, I think the idea of slavery is inconsistent with our own conduct and Constitution; and there can be no such thing as perpetual servitude of a rational creature, unless his liberty is forfeited by some criminal conduct or given up by personal consent or contract ...."   The case was not set down in law reports, but it was the talk of the state. Legal experts have pointed out that Cushing's statement likely was  obiter dictum,  and the constitution of 1780 never actually was amended to prohibit slavery. Nevertheless, with the courts clearly refusing to uphold it, slavery in Massachusetts was doomed. The Legislators pondered whether to clarify their meaning in the constitution, but they thought better of it, rightly reading public opinion as being strongly anti-slavery.   This public opinion involved more than Cushing's moral and political rhetoric. Massachusetts had a strong, politically active white working class which perpetually sought an end to slavery, not for the benefit of blacks but to remove them from economic competition. Rich men put their slaves to work, sometimes in skilled trades, and white workers resented this. Free blacks, without the protection of powerful masters, easily could be driven from crafts, and this is what eventually happened. "If the gentlemen had been permitted by law to hold slaves," John Adams wrote, "the common people would have put the Negroes to death, and their masters too, perhaps." 
     
    


	 
      Mohammed at  urlLink  Iraq the Model   has a splendid post today about his recent visit from Baghdad to his hometown in southern Iraq. In a bus with some others, after skirting the embattled cities of Karbaba and Najaf, he arrived in Samawa just in time to see a rally of locals supporting the coalition troops.   It was a very encouraging thing to see that the simple people there understood the case and this is probably the first time where people go out to the streets to thank and support our allies in the coalition, but strangely it came from ordinary, simple people not from those who claim to be civilized intellectuals.   He passed the coalition military base there, and found it "striking and ugly" behind its high concrete walls.   These walls initiate a sensation of fear in the hearts and a feeling that there’s a huge block between the people and the coalition. I understand the security necessity of these walls but they still form an unpleasant sight for everyone.   But even here, he discovers, things are not what they first appear.   The coalition forces here invited all the kids -- and their parents -- in the neighborhood for a special festival. The kids were given paints and brushes and a definite area of the wall was assigned for each kid to paint on whatever he likes and to sign his painting with his/her name. I leave it for you to imagine how this hateful wall looked like after this festival. It became a fascinating huge painting that gives a feeling of brotherhood and friendship. These paintings eliminated all the psychological walls between the folks and the coalition here.  At the end of the festival, gifts were given to each kid: toys, clothes, candies. You can’t imagine how happy the kids were when they stood proudly pointing at their paintings; flowers, birds, hands shaking and the flags of Iraq and the coalition countries, and then pointing to their names; Zahra, Mohammed, Sajjad, Fatima -- together with phrases like; "yes for peace," "Saddam has fallen and many others." No one can watch this without having tears filling his eyes and I feel sorry that I couldn’t take pictures for this carnival, as I wasn’t there when it happened, but the people there told me the whole story.   At last he reaches his destination, a small town.   Last time I was surprised to see a new water treatment plant near the river distributing clean water for the whole town for free, with four brand-new automobile tanks to deliver water to the remote villages twice a day. Everyone is grateful there as our major health problems are caused by polluted water. Now, this new processing plant will help rid the city of many health problems.  In my very last trip, the special new thing was a campaign to renew the doctors’ residency that we-12 doctors-live in and a decent temporary place is provided for us until the old miserable residency is fully rehabilitated.  The other new foundation that is being constructed now is an Internet Center. Who would dream to see Internet service available in a southern village? This is more than a dream coming true, it makes me feel proud and it makes people believe more and more that the change is in their interest.   As heartening as the physical changes are, he -- and I -- take even more pleasure in the growing consciousness and awareness of the people. They begin to understand they are free, and they act like it. The people in this Shi'ite region tell him they don't want an Islamic government. "See, the SCIRI party established a library and a school to give religion classes that no one attends despite it cost the party thousands of dollars and occupied one of the towns’ buildings. Take a look at the water treatment plant that the coalition established, people gather around it every morning.” Another says, “We want those [leaders] who know what we need, not those who tell us to do what they want.”   The saddest incident for the citizens during my last visit was the death of a coalition soldier from Netherlands in a grenade attack. The small town was shocked and I could hear everyone say, “who did this crime is a stranger and he’s not of us for sure.”  Many of the town’s known figures, officials and tribal leaders headed to the coalition base to declare their support to the coalition and to condemn the crime, one of those men said, with apparent affection, during the funeral ceremonies, “our loss is big and we feel ashamed; you’re our guests but we couldn’t protect your men’s live; we’re terribly sorry.”   He paints other pictures of what he sees, such as a local women's leader standing up to the district council and demanding that the women's concerns be addressed.   The last one was on our way back to Baghdad where we were delayed for a few hours after the coalition forces blocked the road. We didn’t know why, but one of the passengers started to complain, saying, “those Americans always put obstacles in our way and make our lives difficult.”  The driver couldn’t hold himself from answering this comment in a sharp tone as he said, “NO, it’s not the Americans. It’s because of those bastards who plant bombs on the roads. You must thank the Americans for delaying you for a couple of hours to save your live.”  The point behind all these pictures and stories I mentioned is that the people started to speak out and express their feelings and here we’re in great need for support from the free world to back the progress. Moving back is absolutely unacceptable; we’ve put our feet on the right way and we need help from the others. Never let the bad pictures lay their heavy shadow on the good, bright ones.  The negative media want our eyes to pause on the bad events to win time in this worldwide battle and to make us forget the good pictures that encourage us to keep the momentum. This includes most of the major western media. They are ‘unconsciously’ supporting the terrorists and the totalitarian regimes in the region to stop this great progress. The media have managed to create some distrust and hate between some Iraqis and some of the coalition and the west in general.  Well, not in my city, it seems to be immune to their poison. The road is long and hard but together, we can do it.  
     
    


	 
      If I came back in 1,000 years, I'll find the same people, espousing the same positions, glumly tossing the same evidence at one another. No, I'm not talking about the Bush-Kerry election. I'm talking about the American Civil War. Every now and then I check back in on my friends in that community, and I find them as immortal and immovable as the poker-playing dogs in those cheap prints, or the Seven Sleepers in the New Testament, waiting it out till the end of the world.  The anti-Confederates mine the history books for quotes from the leading (or not so leading) figures of the South, and crow when they find one who says he understood the war was "all about slavery."  Yet what any one person in a movement gives as his reasons, if he speaks candidly, can only be his own reasons, unless there is some transcendant uniformity of thought or mind-control in effect. Even a quick survey of the old South turns up such a cacophany of rivalries, quarrels, and feuds it would be nothing short of miraculous if, though they all took the same step, they did it for precisely the same reasons.  Just look at current events. America is at war again today. What are the "reasons" we attacked Iraq? Revenge for Saddam's insults to Bush I? Unfinished business from the first Gulf War? Blood for oil? The risk of a rich despot with a determination to get WMD in a post 9-11 world? Freedom for Iraqi people? Planting democracy in the Mideast? Enforcing U.N. resolutions? Intimidating other rogue states?  If you argue that it is ONLY, EXCLUSIVELY about one of those things, you're nuts. The voices on one side are as diverse as Christopher Hitchens and Pat Robertson and Jose Ramos-Horta and Tony Blair and Dick Cheney. Can you really devise a one-sentence reason that covers all those minds (and me, too).  I should add, to the anti-anti-war list, the delightful "Muslim refusenik" Canadian feminist lesbian  urlLink  Irshad Manji  .  Here's how she dismantles one detractor on her Web site:    “You remind me of Afro-Americans like [Supreme Court justice] Clarence Thomas, [national security advisor] Condaleezza Rice, [Congressman] J.C. Watt and [Secretary of State] Colin Powell, who sold out their Afro-American credentials to the Republican Party to gain affirmative action appointments.” - Tanzila    Irshad replies:  Afro-American "credentials”? Honey, that’s so 1980s. Please join the 21st century and think about this: Why should skin color dictate thought pattern? Isn’t it racist to assume it should? And why do you automatically reduce these individuals to ‘affirmative action appointments,’ neglecting that Watts fought and won an election or that Rice was provost at Stanford? I’ll need some thoughtful answers before I can be shamed into believing that I’ve ‘sold out’ my Muslim credentials. Meanwhile, don’t forget to forward your ideological clock to 2004.  
     
    


	 
      Remember that horrific explosion in North Korea about a month back? Who would have thought that the world's most dysfunctional leadership would have packed a train bound for a port city with fertilizer and petroleum.   urlLink  Who indeed.   According to the World Tribune and other sources:   A North Korean missile shipment to Syria was halted when a train collision in that Asian country destroyed the missile cargo and killed about a dozen Syrian technicians.  U.S. officials confirmed a report in a Japanese daily newspaper that a train explosion on April 22 killed about a dozen Syrian technicians near the Ryongchon province in North Korea. The officials said the technicians were accompanying a train car full of missile components and other equipment from a facility near the Chinese border to a North Korea port.  A U.S. official said North Korean train cargo was also believed to have contained tools for the production of ballistic missiles. North Korea has sold Syria the extended-range Scud C and Scud D missiles, according to reports by Middle East Newsline.  "The way it was supposed work was that the train car full of missiles and components would have arrived at the port and some would have been shipped to Syria while others would have been transported by air," an official said.   
     
    


	 
      Just about every warblogger in the business has picked up on this piece about  urlLink  U.S. Marine Corps Gunnery Sgt. Nick Popaditch,   the "cigar Marine," but it's truly a keeper.   "This kid was waiting for his buddy to be medevaced when a frag grenade came in. Ortiz could move, he could get out of the area, but his friend couldn't — so Ortiz covered his buddy with his own body, hoping their body armor would take up most of the blast. He used his arms to shield his friend's face, and at the last second, this other Marine, shot and bleeding, wrenched his arm free to cover Ortiz's face, too."   And that's just from the stories he tells about his comrades. A story about someone's life-threatening injuries just shouldn't be a feel-good piece, but thanks to the man at the center of this one, it is.  Elsewhere,  urlLink  Spirit of America   reports that the television equipment a great many of us chipped in nickles and dimes to pay for is on the ground in Iraq, earmarked for delivery to seven news stations in Al Anbar province.  And, sadly,  urlLink  the war hits home for one of the Internet's strongest voices.    
     
    


	 
       urlLink  In the New York Sun, Daniel Pipes offers a provocative piece on "Europe's Threat to the West."     ... Muslim life in Western Europe and North America is strikingly different. The former has seen the emergence of a culturally alienated, socially marginalized, and economically unemployed Muslim second generation whose pathologies have led to "a surge of gang rapes, anti-Semitic attacks and anti-American violence," not to speak of raging radical ideologies and terrorism.  North American Muslims are not as alienated, marginalized, and economically stressed. Accordingly, Mr. Leiken finds, they show less inclination to anti-social behavior, including Islamist violence. Those of them supporting jihad usually fund terrorism rather than personally engage in it. Therefore, most jihadist violence in North America is carried out by hit squads from abroad.  And, contrary to expectation, these come predominantly not from countries like Iran or Syria, or even Saudi Arabia and Egypt, for the simple reason that their nationals undergo extra scrutiny. Islamist terrorists are not dumb; they note this special attention and now recruit intensively from citizens of the 27 countries – mostly European – who, thanks to the Visa Waiver Program, can enter America for 90 days without a visa.   Meanwhile, at the "Weekly Standard," Robert S. Leiken & Steven Brooke answer the question,  urlLink  "Who Is Abu Zarqawi?"     WHO KILLED NICHOLAS BERG? His grief-stricken family blames the U.S. government for the appalling videotaped beheading of their son in Iraq. A more fitting object of outrage is the executioner. For the terrorist who claims credit for the killing of the Jewish-American civilian is no walk-on, no lackey or even lieutenant of Osama bin Laden. Instead, he is an independent operator with a long history in global jihad -- sometimes coordinated with al Qaeda, sometimes not -- who may be challenging bin Laden for the leadership of global Sunni terrorism.   
     
    


	 
      Tests today confirm that an artillery shell that blew up in Iraq on Saturday contained an estimated three or four liters of the deadly nerve agent sarin. I might point out that it's "only one shell," but only one WMD is like only one cockroach.  Alan, at  urlLink  The Command Post   has an informative piece about "Sarin, Binary Agents, and 155mm Shells" including an explanation of how they work, and why, just because nobody got killed by this particular shell, it was still a WMD:   A binary artillery shell is projected from an artillery piece with an acceleration of over 100g, and spins at thousands of RPM. It also gets very hot, from the flame of the propellant, but also from air friction. This is quite enough to break the membrane separating the two chemicals, and mix them very thoroughly indeed. By the time the shell reaches the target, the chemical reaction is complete, and a small bursting charge shatters the shell and spreads the fog of droplets over a wide area.  If the artillery shell is (accidentally or deliberately) detonated without being fired from an artillery piece, there is very little mixing of the chemicals. Although the chemicals are not totally safe (I wouldn’t drink them, for example), the amount of Sarin produced would be very small, and chemical wounds would be minor and easily treatable.   Meanwhile, my own newspaper buried the story on page A4 this morning. At least one reader called to complain about that. It was hard for me to argue with the guy. If the story had been "No Sarin shells found in Iraq" you can bet it would have been 72-point on page A1. After the call, I mentioned to the wire editor that someone had wondered why we buried the story. His response: "I guess Rush told him to call."   urlLink  Chief Wiggles,   one of the most prominent milbloggers, has been an interrogator for 34 years. He knows his business, and he is frustrated by the media's half-story coverage, and he's willing to help them get it right, if they want to. Here's an expert commentator offering his services:   I welcome any news media that would like to delve into the details of the other side of the story, the one that represents the way most American soldiers act. I would love to have the opportunity to explain my world, from my perspective, the one shared by the majority of soldiers and especially interrogators. I will gladly give them the finer details of each phase or approach that was used.   Why can’t we show the world that what they are seeing is an isolated incident not representative of the thousands of soldiers who do sincerely care and who have accepted the humanity of our fellow brothers, the Iraqis.   This is your chance News Media. This is a way for you to redeem yourselves from the barrage of accusations that you are biased and one sided, that you are just looking for any opportunity to crucify us and our leaders, and that you fail to provide us the American people with balanced factual reporting. We need to offset the continual flow of negative degrading reporting with factual positive stories of all the good that is being done.    Think anyone in the networks will take him up on it? Neither do I.  Meanwhile,  urlLink  Belmont Club, in "News Coverage as a Weapon,"   cites historian John Terraine and compares U.S. casualties in Iraq to unit loss rates in the Civil War, the Battle of Britain, German U-boat crews, and ponders the nature of "defeat."   Viewed in this context, the American "defeat" in Iraq projected by the press must be understood as being something wholly different from anything that has gone before. The 800 odd US military deaths suffered since the start of Operation Iraqi Freedom a year ago are less than the number who died in the Slapton Sands D-Day training exercise in 1944. The campaign in Iraq has hardly scratched American strength, which has in fact grown more potent in operational terms over the intervening period. Nor has it materially affected the US manpower pool or slowed the American economy, which is actually growing several times faster than France, which is not militarily engaged. The defeat being advertised by the press is a wholly new phenomenon: one which leaves the vanquished army untouched and the victor devastated; the economy of the vanquished burgeoning and that of the victor in destitution; the territory of the loser unoccupied and that of the winner garrisoned. It is an inversion of all the traditional metrics of victory and defeat.   That the assertion is not instantly ludicrous is an indication of the arrival of a new and potentially revolutionary form of political wafare.   
     
    


	 
      Michael J. Totten writes exquisitely on  urlLink  the 'Genovese Syndrome' at 'The Nation.'     It’s true that many people are dead in Iraq because of what we did. It’s equally true that a larger number are alive because of what we did. The well-being of Iraqis isn’t even remotely what’s at issue to Mr. Savoy. He only cares that we are morally pure. Tyranny, barbarism, and genocide are fine with him in a lesser-evil sort of way as long as we can sit safe and sound on our side of the ocean and not have to dirty ourselves by messing with it.  Not only is this morally reprehensible, it isn’t even logical. We do not sit safe and sound on this side of the ocean as the terrorism on September 11, preceded by Al Qaeda’s genocidal death warrant, has already shown. The political culture of the Middle East absolutely is our business. Middle Eastern political science topples buildings and kills thousands in our own cities.  Paul Savoy is a September 10th person. He doesn’t understand that we’re war whether we’re happy about it or not.     
     
    


	 
      A couple of weeks ago, when the U.S. Marines paused on the verge of a powerful victory in Fallujah, and brought in local militias to handle the insurgency there, I thought it was a terrible mistake.  Granted, this situation was a collision of what ought to be our two main goals in the country: 1. convincing West-hating Islamic terrorists that we will defeat them and kill them without tiring, and 2. convincing average Iraqis that it really is their country now, even though we're all over it, and our purpose is not to rule them, but to set them up in self-rule and then go home.  But the second goal seemed distant then, and the first seemed to be faltering with our indecisive military strategy, that allowed the thug-army that hid among the civilians to flout us and pose like pan-Arabist heroes.  Now, it seems, the Iraqification solution is working -- so far -- beyone what I could have hoped. I'm willing to eat every word I ever said against it if I get to read more stories like this one, from today's AP wire:   FALLUJAH, Iraq (AP) - A former Saddam Hussein-era general appointed by the Americans to lead an Iraqi security force in the rebellious Sunni stronghold of Fallujah urged tribal elders and sheiks Sunday to support U.S. efforts to stabilize Iraq.   Retired Maj. Gen. Mohammed Abdul-Latif rose to prominence after nearly monthlong battles last month between the Marines monthlong battles in April between the Marines and insurgents hunkered down in Fallujah's neighborhoods.   "We can make them (Americans) use their rifles against us or we can make them build our country, it's your choice," Latif told a gathering of more than 40 sheiks, city council members and imams in an eastern Fallujah suburb.   The siege of this city of 200,000 people, located about 40 miles west of Baghdad, was lifted when top Marine officers announced the creation of the Fallujah Brigade — a force made exclusively of former Iraqi army officers.   The Marines withdrew from Fallujah into the rural hinterland and far-flung suburbs, allowing the Iraqi force to take up positions and start patrols inside the city. The brigade is expected to number about 1,500 men, many of them conscripts or noncommissioned officers under Saddam.   They are expected to fight the guerrillas, although some of the same insurgents who fought the Marines last month will likely join the brigade.   On Sunday, Marines of the 1st Battalion, 5th Regiment provided security for the gathering in Kharma.   Latif, 66, a native of Baghdad, urged the elders to talk freely, citing the Muslim holy book, the Quran.   "The Quran says we should sit together, discuss and make a decision, but let it be the right decision," the silver-haired Latif — a slim figure wearing a blue shirt and dark blue tie and pants — told the sheiks.   The venue offered a rare insight into Latif's interactions and influence over Fallujah elders. As he spoke, many sheiks nodded in approval and listened with reverence to his words. Later, they clasped his hands and patted Latif on the back.   Latif, speaking in Arabic to the sheiks, defended the Marines and the U.S. occupation of Iraq.   "They were brought here by the acts of one coward who was hunted out of a rathole — Saddam — who disgraced us all," Latif said. "Let us tell our children that these men (U.S. troops) came here to protect us.   "As President Bush said, they did not come here to occupy our land but to get rid of Saddam. We can help them leave by helping them do their job, or we can make them stay ten years and more by keeping fighting."   Lt. Col. Brennan Byrne, the Marine battalion commander, said, "No truer words have been spoken here today than those by General Latif."   Latif also told the insurgents to "stop doing stupid things."   "Those bullets that are fired will not get the Americans out, let them finish their job here so that they can return to their country," Latif said.   "Our country is precious, stop allowing the bad guys to come from outside Iraq to destroy our country."  
     
    


	 
        In the last few days, the Mirror, a raucous Fleet Street tabloid, has published pictures of British troops urinating on Iraqi prisoners, and the Boston Globe, a somnolent New England broadsheet, has published pictures of American troops sexually abusing Iraqi women. In both cases, the pictures turned out to be fake. From a cursory glance at the details in the London snaps and the provenance of the Boston ones, it should have been obvious to editors at both papers that they were almost certainly false.  Yet they published them. Because they wanted them to be true. Because it would bring them a little closer to the head they really want to roll — George W. Bush’s. If you want to see what the Islamists did to Nick Berg or Daniel Pearl or to those guys in Fallujah or even to the victims of Sept. 11, you’ll have to ferret it out on the Internet. The media aren’t interested in showing you images that might rouse the American people to righteous anger, only images that will shame and demoralize them.    urlLink  Mark Steyn in the "Chicago Times."     The other day, while taking a break by the Al-Hamra Hotel pool, fringed with the usual cast of tattooed defence contractors, I was accosted by an American magazine journalist of serious accomplishment and impeccable liberal credentials.   She had been disturbed by my argument that Iraqis were better off than they had been under Saddam and I was now — there was no choice about this — going to have to justify my bizarre and dangerous views. I’ll spare you most of the details because you know the script — no WMD, no ‘imminent threat’ (though the point was to deal with Saddam before such a threat could emerge), a diversion from the hunt for bin Laden, enraging the Arab world. Etcetera.   But then she came to the point. Not only had she ‘known’ the Iraq war would fail but she considered it essential that it did so because this would ensure that the ‘evil’ George W. Bush would no longer be running her country. Her editors back on the East Coast were giggling, she said, over what a disaster Iraq had turned out to be. ‘Lots of us talk about how awful it would be if this worked out.’ Startled by her candour, I asked whether thousands more dead Iraqis would be a good thing.   She nodded and mumbled something about Bush needing to go. By this logic, I ventured, another September 11 on, say, September 11 would be perfect for pushing up John Kerry’s poll numbers. ‘Well, that’s different — that would be Americans,’ she said, haltingly. ‘I guess I’m a bit of an isolationist.’ That’s one way of putting it.   The moral degeneracy of these sentiments didn’t really hit me until later when I dined at the home of Abu Salah, a father of six who took over as the Daily Telegraph’s chief driver in Baghdad when his predecessor was killed a year ago.    urlLink From a piece by London "Daily Telegraph" correspondent Toby Harnden,   preserved by Instapundit. To which an anti-war reader responded, "It is not wrong to root for your country's defeat if your country is evil." To which Willow whomps,    urlLink  I find that pretty rich coming from someone who most likely subscribes to the theory of moral relativism,   as most anti-war types do. A pox upon you if you should call anyone else, or any other country evil, but our own country is fair game for such an accusation. It's disgusting when people strive so hard to give savages the benefit of the doubt long after they've proven they don't deserve it and dismiss their own homeland, their own people as irredemable tyrants ....  
     
    


	 
       urlLink  Jonah Goldberg is another who, like me, would trade a George Bush defeat for an Iraq victory.   He also points out some other sane people on the libera/Democratic side, and he points out the ridiculous double-standards of partisanship.   Now, there are plenty of prominent liberals who do see winning the war as more important than hurting Bush, which is not to say they wouldn't cheer if Bush lost. My short, but not exhaustive, list includes: Sen. Joe Lieberman, the editors of The New Republic, Christopher Hitchens, the Washington Post editorial board, Michael Ignatieff, Tom Friedman, Sen. Zell Miller, and a few others.  But when things go badly in Iraq, particularly in the wake of the Abu Ghraib scandal, there's a detectable, albeit restrained, glee from the likes of [Ted] Kennedy and Paul Krugman of the New York Times and others.  Hundreds of liberals have e-mailed me saying, in effect, their partisanship is "payback" for how conservatives undermined President Clinton. There are two responses to this. First, shame on you. If you thought it was wrong to "undermine" Clinton during peacetime, why is it right to do it to Bush during a war?   And, for that matter, if Clinton's aviodance of military service in the Vietnam era was insufficient to disqualify him as a modern leader of America, why is Dubya's avoidance of combat duty (by a different route) suddenly so damning? John Kerry served ably and well, by most accounts. Yet it sounds like some Democrats this year have taken up the absurd and frightening notion that only a veteran can be a leader. If they thought for just a second about the long-term prospects of their party, they'd cut that line. But they have stopped thinking.  I didn't vote for G.W.B. the first time, and I don't know whether I will in November. Whatever I feel about him or his party is far outweighed by what I feel about the ability of sanity and civilization to defeat murderous fundamentalist religious cults, and the mission to rebuild Iraq. If those goals can be accomplished, I don't care whether Bush becomes the greatest president, or is dumped in history's dustbin.  Unfortunately, however, only one other option presents himself, and his comments so far do not incline me to think John Kerry is going to answer my purposes better than Bush. He still seems to favor the legalistic approach to fighting terror, which,  urlLink  as Andrew C. McCarthy demonstrates,   doesn't work.
     
    


	 
         "A tragic situation exists precisely when virtue does  not  triumph but when it is still felt that man is nobler than the forces which destroy him."  [George Orwell,  "Shooting an Elephant,"  1950]      West Chester, Pennsylvania, my hometown, is in the world's headlines again. Nick Berg, the young contractor who went to Iraq to do good and was brutally murdered by Islamist terror-thugs, was from there.  I saw the "West Chester" reference in the first news story about him. But as soon as I saw a picture of the house his family still lived in, I knew it wasn't West Chester borough, but one of the suburban townships, West Whiteland or West Goshen, probably. By the looks of it, they lived near where I grew up: all the houses out there were built about the same time. Tonight I finally looked up Michael Berg in an old West Chester phone book; the address is so close to my old home I could have biked there in two minutes when I was 9.  I recognize other scenes, too, and though I don't know the Bergs, I know many others who have come up with this story, such as Andy Dinniman, the amiable Democratic county commissioner who has been one of the spokesmen for the family. Flo Miller, the school district spokeswoman, is a former co-worker. I remember Mike Carroll, the West Goshen police chief, from my days as a cop reporter. I even know the people behind the bylines on the Knight-Ridder stories, old Inky hands like Kathy Brady, Reid Kanaley, Tom Infield.  The fact that someone from West Chester could be at the center of a firestorm doesn't surprise me. Like Bob Shoemaker, my old boss at the West Chester "Daily Local News" used to say, "If there's a bullet to be caught anywhere in the world, someone from Chester County will be there to take it."  Yet this one is different. The county hasn't had so much world attention since another fomer boss of mine, Dave Warner, decided to run pet obituaries in the newspaper.  The sorrowing father says Bush and Rumsfeld killed his son. I'm not going to blame a man in the depths of an unimaginable grief. I am going to blame the people who keep sticking microphones in his face.  Chester County is one of the very "red" counties on the map. It's got a thumping Republican majority, so that even middle-of-the-road Democrats, who actually want to get elected rather than simply railing at the government, tend to become Republicans. The hard-core stays out in the rain. (Dinniman is an exception, but he only gets elected because state law mandates all three commisioners can't be from the same party, which effectively sets aside one job for the minority party.) In that environment, the virulence of the Bush-hating faction can flourish untempered in the Democratic culture. On the car in the driveway of the Berg home is a bumper sticker with a red slash through a "W" and the slogan, "Let's not elect him in 2004, either."  Yet this father, who is of the age of the '60s youth movement, taught his son to think and to make his own choices. And the son grew up to see a world that could be made better, even by Americans. Among those who sent the family condolences this week were Kenyan tribesmen young Berg had helped improve their village. He went to Iraq with the same vision: to bring democracy and a good life to people who knew little of either.  He supported the war, for humanitarian reasons. This, more than any accident of geography, is what makes me feel identified with him.  In the Vietnam War, the old held that American power was a force for good and believed in the spread of freedom as a patriotic virtue. Their children spit bile at the administration. In this war, the natural order is reversed. And the war itself, we can only hope, is fought with more wisdom, and more vision, than was Vietnam. I hope this for the sake of the growing list of men and women who have given their lives believing that it is so. 
     
    


	 
        José Ramos-Horta is the 1996 Nobel Peace Prize winner for his work in East Timor. Unlike too many Nobel Peace Prize winners, he actually deserved it, and he actually has the ability to think about the world, not simply react against America.  His Wall Street Journal op-ed from yesterday is brilliant.  urlLink  Sometimes, a War Saves People: We must be willing to bring the fight to those who would do evil   contains a plea for Washington to give the U.N. a greater role in Iraq. Not everyone is convinced that will work, or that it is desirable. But Mr. Ramos-Horta's argument is much easier to accept, and to subject to serious consideration, for the sake of his common sense:    As a Nobel Peace laureate, I, like most people, agonize over the use of force. But when it comes to rescuing an innocent people from tyranny or genocide, I've never questioned the justification for resorting to force. That's why I supported Vietnam's 1978 invasion of Cambodia, which ended Pol Pot's regime, and Tanzania's invasion of Uganda in 1979, to oust Idi Amin. In both cases, those countries acted without U.N. or international approval--and in both cases they were right to do so.  Perhaps the French have forgotten how they, too, toppled one of the worst human-rights violators without U.N. approval. I applauded in the early '80s when French paratroopers landed in the dilapidated capital of the then Central African Empire and deposed "Emperor" Jean Bedel Bokassa, renowned for cannibalism. Almost two decades later, I applauded again as NATO intervened--without a U.N. mandate--to end ethnic cleansing in Kosovo and liberate an oppressed European Muslim community from Serbian tyranny. And I rejoiced once more in 2001 after the U.S.-led overthrow of the Taliban liberated Afghanistan from one of the world's most barbaric regimes.  So why do some think Iraq should be any different? Only a year after his overthrow, they seem to have forgotten how hundreds of thousands perished during Saddam Hussein's tyranny, under a regime whose hallmark was terror, summary execution, torture and rape. Forgotten too is how the Kurds and Iraq's neighbors lived each day in fear, so long as Saddam remained in power.  ... In almost 30 years of political life, I have supported the use of force on several occasions and sometimes wonder whether I am a worthy recipient of the Nobel Peace prize. Certainly I am not in the same category as Mother Teresa, the Dalai Lama, Desmond Tutu or Nelson Mandela. But Mr. Mandela, too, recognized the need to resort to violence in the struggle against white oppression. The consequences of doing nothing in the face of evil were demonstrated when the world did not stop the Rwandan genocide that killed almost a million people in 1994. Where were the peace protesters then? They were just as silent as they are today in the face of the barbaric behavior of religious fanatics.  Some may accuse me of being more of a warmonger than a Nobel laureate, but I stand ready to face my critics. It is always easier to say no to war, even at the price of appeasement. But being politically correct means leaving the innocent to suffer the world over, from Phnom Penh to Baghdad. And that is what those who would cut and run from Iraq risk doing.   
     
    


	 
       urlLink  "Never mind the weather overkill: scientists praise Hollywood's global warning,"   is the headline of this article in the "Guardian." (May 13).  As a leftist anti-American newspaper, the "Guardian's" delight in the upcoming Hollywood blockbuster "The Day After Tomorrow" is hardly surprising. Even though the editors seem piqued that Europe, too, gets wiped out, they enjoy the destruction of New York and Los Angeles and the humiliation of a "Cheney lookalike" U.S. leader in this "strongly anti-Bush" movie about catastrophic effects of global warming.  But what's appalling to me is that, even given the movie's "scanty relationship with scientific fact" (the "Guardian's" phrase), it "won praise from both the British research establishment and the environment movement."     Among the film's unexpected fans after a sneak preview are the government's chief scientific adviser, Sir David King, and Geoff Jenkins, head of the Hadley Centre for Climate Change, who both regard the film's stunning special effects as good fun and welcome the blockbuster as raising public awareness and debate about a vital issue.   Sir David, who recently stirred political debate on both sides of the Atlantic by saying that global warming was a greater threat than terrorism, said the beginning of the film was particularly realistic - both scientifically and politically.     In this movie, tens of thousands of years of climate change are condensed into a week. Impossible consequences, like killer hurricanes forming over dry land and tornadoes ripping up Los Angeles, are yanked out of the special effects hat. It's worse than junk science. "The Day After Tomorrow" may make a great disaster movie, but it is to science what "Death Race 2000" is to driver's education.  "[F]act and fiction are tangled," the "Guardian" demures. Yet the "scientists" don't mind a bit. King spoke about justifiable poetic licence.  Not all the scientists who screened the movie were impressed. Some pointed out that by grossly exaggerating the real risks of climate change, the film isn't likely to raise public awareness. Rather the opposite. The atmosphere of gross exaggeration, for the sake of attention, is more likely to make people heed those equally unthinking voices that advise shutting out the doomsayers as untrustworthy.  The fact is, the world's climate is prone to change over time. Our impression of its stability is based on an unusually consistent run of predictable weather for the past 300 years or so. But to assume that the world always was, and always will be, thus is the sort of fiction usually favored by Creationists.  The fact is, we just don't know enough about what drives long-term climate change to make accurate predictions about it.  The fact is, humanity is a part of nature, and we have strong evidence that human activity has contributed to climate change. How this will interact with the natural shifts in the climate is difficult to predict.  But to say that, just because the earth changes anyway, people shouldn't worry about the impact of pollution, is downright silly. Yet some on the right, who oppose environmentalist reflexively as a force from the "left," do this. And the more the academic community and the policy-makers align themselves with Hollywood junk science, the more they play into the "loony left" trap that discredits them in the eyes of many people who might otherwise accept them.   Yet that is likely to be the result in many minds when scientists, given the chance to draw the line between legitimate work and lurid entertainment, choose to embrace the latter as a teaching tool. 
     
    


	 
      The south is not the same as the rest of America, even today:   Old World tradition keeps William popular name in South   KNOXVILLE, Tenn. (AP) — William has conquered the South.  William has become one of the most popular names for baby boys below the Mason-Dixon Line, ranking No. 1 in at least five states.  Naming experts attribute William's popularity to English ancestry and a strong sense of tradition in the South.  "It has been more popular in the South than the rest of the country for at least 10 years," said Cleveland Evans, a member of the American Name Society and a psychology professor at Bellevue University in Nebraska. "The William Belt is one of the most striking regional differences."  William ranked only 11th nationally among baby names for boys in 2003, but was No. 1 in Alabama, Georgia, Mississippi, South Carolina and Tennessee, according to the Social Security Administration.  It was No. 2 in North Carolina and Virginia, and No. 4 in Kentucky and Arkansas. Vermont was the only state outside the South to put William in the Top 5.  "Traditional boys' names will rank high in most Southern states, more so than Northern states," said Edward Callary, past president of the American Name Society. "Part of it is there is a longer tradition, and a lot of these are family names that are passed down from generation to generation."  From 1880 to 1920, William was second only to John — the most common male name of all time, according to Social Security statistics. But William slipped all the way to 23rd by 1996.  "I don't know why," Callary said. "I don't think Bill Clinton had anything to do with it, because he preferred to be called Bill."  Evans said Williams is popular among both whites and blacks, making it one of the few names that cross racial boundaries. 
     
    


	 
         When we were in Paris last fall, Luke and I had an excellent lunch -- roasted ham and greens on toast, smothered in melted goat's milk cheese -- one rainy, raw afternoon at an Auvergnois bistro near the  gare du Nord.  Across the street stood a gutted McDonald's; its shatter-proof windows all spider-webbed by some massive assault, and the whole thing plastered in posters proclaiming  McDonald's is dead  and  merde a McDonald's.  Photocopied newspaper articles hung there, too, telling the story. With my miserable French, I was only able to piece together part of the story: some French union activists had focused an attack on this restaurant, and they violently shut it down after a long effort.  I learned more of the story when I got home:   The McDonalds franchise located in Paris at Strasbourg St. Denis has been shut down by striking workers for the better part of a year. Now the strikers are occupying the McDonalds and using it as a storefront to sell t-shirts to fund striking French artists and anything that José Bové©®™ is up to at the moment. So here we have the confiscation of private property that has been turned into a squat, and illegal commerce, and nothing is done about it. The globophobe nitwits, ecstatic before so much symbolism, think that there is nothing wrong with this. So while they all whack off to the symbolism of it all here's another symbol they can rub up against: France is not subject to the rule of law. France is ruled by the law of the jungle.   The sad part is that while the neoleftists are worshipping symbols, McDonalds is taking care of Paris' poor. Many French retirees and low income workers go to McDonalds to buy a coffee or just a bottle of water because it is so much less expensive and they can drink it sitting down. Paris cafés charge higher prices for drinking anything sitting down. But the limousine leftists, who of course would never be caught dead anywhere near a McDonalds, do not know this. They are too busy chowing down where-the-elite-meet-to-eat in the 8th arrondissement right next to their PR firms.    [ urlLink  From this blog site  ]   So the root of it was a labor dispute, but the result was an all-out assault on the physical presence of McDonald's, and all it embodies in a lower-middle-class Paris neighborhood. This makes me uncomfortable. Luke and I are anti-McDonald's. We groaned when we saw one on the Champs-Élysées. I suppose they can be tolerated in airports or soul-less train stations, but otherwise they have no place in Europe. Even in America, we associate them with the waddling malnourished obesity of our neighbors.  I suppose I'd even accept the premise that property violence is a legitimate response to the intrusion of a McDonald's into a community. Yet without having been there, I can't tell whether "anti-McDonald's" and "anti-American" are clearly distinguished in the minds that smashed the windows. And from what I've seen of French anti-Americanism in several sources, it's as unthinking and reflexively prejudiced as the worst U.S. knee-jerk patriotism. I'm not convinced these people know the difference between me and Ronald McDonald, or whether they care.  A writer named Steven Shapin, reviewing a book that deals with the globalization of food, in  "The Guardian,"  on Dec. 1, 2003, had a perceptive passage about this:    [G]lobalised products such as the Big Mac and Coke have secured their spread across the world by travelling in the special channels carved out by American power, capital and culture. While Big Macs are now everywhere -- you can avoid them in Bhutan and Afghanistan, but that's a high price to pay -- it would be impossible to explain their global distribution without attending to those channels and to their identification with the powerful idea of America. Just as Château Lynch-Bages has a Pauillac Appellation d'Origine Contrôlée, so the Big Mac is AOC USA. You can't account for why so many people throughout the world want to eat it -- or, indeed, why so many others use it as a reference for globalised abominations -- without understanding their ideas about the place called America.   Love it or leave it alone. If you don't like it, don't eat there. Bearing that in mind (and without taking the comparison to ludicrous excess) How is the rage-intent underlying an attack on McDonald's, as a symbol of a hated alien culture's intrusion, any different from the hate that defaces a synagogue, say, or a mosque?  One thing that's changed since 1979, the last time I traveled extensively on the Continent, is that graffiti is everywhere. It's on the old fountains in Germany, on the classic Parisian houses, even on the wooden cattle pens in the Alps. At first I actually thought it was American knuckleheads coming over to do it, having covered every available surface in the States. But no, there's too much of it. I'm afraid the Europeans have done it to themselves. Yes, I realize it's a Roman invention, but there's nothing indigenous about this modern graffiti I saw. It's plain old tagging, the same kind of stylized letters you'd see in any freight yard in New Jersey. The same names over and over again for miles, deep in the Metro tunnels under Paris.  None of it was political, except a few "Fuck Bush" statements near Stuttgart. (Italy is an exception; more on that later.) France was worse than Germany, and Paris was worst of all.  Now why would a people who would burn out a McDonald's in the name of cultural integrity turn around and suck down this sort of cultural poison? For that matter, why do they tolerate the awful American pop music that flowed from the radios and CD players everywhere we went? For a people to loot a McDonald's, then turn around and deface their own historic treasures with Bronx-born graffiti styles, seems to me as stupidly self defeating as a man refusing to wear American-made clothing and then tattooing "Made in the U.S.A." on his forehead.  The graffiti in Venice was more intense, and, unlike elsewhere, it was decidedly political. "Yankee Go Home" is in big red letters on a wall along the alley that leads from the train station to the busy part of town. Below it is something smeared that once might have said, in Italian, "Americans are murderers." This seemed ominous on the night we arrived, because we pulled in after dark, and the Venetian streets are narrow canyons, twisting, blind, never more than 20 yards in any direction, rarely wide enough for three to walk abreast. All the storefronts were shuttered for the night. It seemed the kind of place you associate with sudden, random violence, whether it's medieval drama or Raymond Chandler novels.  But the next day, Venice lolled in the sun like a big old dog, the gondoliers made conversation, and the "Yankees Go Home" sign became a navigation aid. The first time we passed it, we were just following the crowd's flow. Later, when there were fewer people about, it  marked which alley, among three nearly identical ones, we should turn down to find our excellent hotel full of French tourists. 
     
    


	 
      Watch the media in the coming weeks. I've been in journalism for 21 years, and the Abu Ghraib story is the Perfect Storm for writers and editors who like to cloak an editorial jab as a news story.  Here's an example of how it works, from the AP "lawmaker react" story in Wednesday's cycle:    " 'I saw cruel, sadistic torture,' said Rep. Jane Harman, D-Calif., who said some of the images were of male prisoners masturbating."    Now, I presume that howler (such things used to be called "boners," but we'll not go there) is an innocent mistake. But it shows how media reporting of the Abu Ghraib story, and the reaction to it, can be both true and misleading. The nature of the story invites the equivalent of the prison abuse itself: humiliation under the cover of legitimate work.  Two aspects of the story allow this:   1.  The initial evidence presented last week, the photos and videos, showed actions that, in themselves, were abusive. In themselves, some of them reminded many people (not only Rush Limbaugh) less of war crimes and more of knucklehead fraternity pranks or "Jackass" routines.  In the context of a prisoner of war situation, even the mildly brutalizing activities depicted crossed the line into torture. But to some civilians not well acquainted with the Geneva Conventions, this was not at first clear. In the context of what the U.S. and its allies are attempting to do in Iraq, the images were tragically destructive. Some people who had pinned their hopes on that mission at first suffered a denial reaction before realizing what they were seeing, and its consequences.   2.  The "worst," which Rumsfeld promised us last week, is starting to transpire. Congress members this week saw a whole batch of fresh photos and videos, some of which are said to be much more shocking than the first set -- showing rape, unmistakable torture, and even murder.  Yet this new set is a mix of images -- apparently the Pentagon simply took whole computer and camera disks as evidence, and sat the Senators down for a slide show of everything it found on them, including scenes of U.S. soldiers having sex with one another (not a Geneva Conventions offense) and just plain tourist-type shots of Iraqi scenery.  In addition, spurious images and stories have turned up in media outlets unable or insufficiently willing distinguish Photoshop work from genuine pictures -- the Boston Globe and a German television network both published images that later turned out to be hoaxes.  At the same time, the list of treatments meted out at Abu Ghraib includes some that most civilians would find unpleasant (shuffling food and sleep schedules, creating an anticipation of real violence without doing it) that were sanctioned by the U.S. authorities as within the range of what they believe international law allows. Other things done at the prison, however, left U.S. authorities shocked and revolted.  What interests me is that people you see quoted in news stories may be reacting to any one of these aspects, and their quotes may be reported accurately. Yet by juxtaposing their quotes with images or descriptions from another level of the crisis, they can be made to appear as foolish as Rep. Harman looked in the AP paragraph.  And it may not be an innocent mistake. In the AP story, after the Harman graph, the writer (Pauline Jelinek) gives the most graphic description in the entire story, detailing the worst of what was shown -- sexual abuse of women, prisoners forced to commit the most heinous sex acts on themselves and one another, beating, blood.  And this is immediately followed by Tom Delay's quote that, "some people are overreacting. The people who are against the war are using this to their political ends." I'm no friend of Tom Delay, but I don't think he was answering a question like, "what do you think about the reaction to the worst of the worst?"  All along, in this story, people in power or on the sidelines have been reacting to what they've seen; but the list of what they've seen has changed from person to person and over time.  This allows a journalist to do his job of telling the facts of the story, inverted pyramid style, with quotes interspersed to "humanize" it, and at the same time make anyone he chooses to single out look despicable.  
     
    


	 
       Almost every writer I've encountered who lived through the Great War, whether English, German, or French, remarks on the beautiful summer of 1914. The weather in Western Europe, apparently, was perfect, with long, glorious days and lovely sunsets. So September 2001 was, as I remember, a perfect Indian Summer here in the Northeast.  When my son and I finally made it up to New York, in October, the air was still suffused with the glow of that autumn. But it also stank, of course, of crushed particle-board and airline fuel and rotting flesh.  And there the parallel ends. The youths who went off to World War I did not know they were walking into that meat-grinder. But, in retrospect, it was clear where they were going. A set of nations equally matched, with equal firepower, going to war at one of those moments when the technology entirely tilts the odds in favor of the defenders.  The Americans who had seen the trench fighting at the end of the U.S. Civil War (Emory Upton, for instance) might have been able to warn them of this. But if they did, no one listened. Twenty-five years later, technology (more fickle than fortune) had turned the tables again, and with mobile tank brigades and dive bombers, the attackers again held the upper hand (Spain could have taught them that), and when Germany went to war with France and Russia again the result was very different than it had been in 1914.   In 2001, we went to war in a moment perhaps unique in history -- certainly unique since the Roman Empire. The disparity in skill and firepower on our side was so great that we could anticipate, not only victory, but overwhelming victory. And furthermore, it would be possible to do this with a bare minimum of civilian deaths.  Every civilian death is one of war's tragedies. But compare the U.S. conquest of Afghanistan (which of course was regarded by the chattering class in Europe as a revolting war crime) with the Russian strategy in Kabul or Grozny. The utter superiority of American air power will not last forever. But while it lasts, we have the ability to defeat enemies without destroying nations.  Nothing is certain in war, and I knew that in 2001. But any reasonable check of the balance sheets would show that the U.S. had the ability to carry out its intent, even in the supposed graveyard of conquerors that was Afghanistan.  That didn't stop the doomsayers, of course, and those who were using the word "quagmire" when the war was only hours old. Some people are so eager to see the U.S. in defeat that they are blind. Unfortunately, a great many of those people are writers or commentators in the world media.  Peace is to be cherished. But a clinging to peace when 3,000 of your fellow citizens lie slaughtered in your cities and fields, and the stench of their blood still stains the air -- stewardesses in their uniforms, handing out pillows to sleeping children, getting their throats slit by boxcutters -- to crave only peace in that atmosphere is, I say, a cowardice hardly to be conceived.  And I was raised among Quakers!  The young men of 1914 sought glory and honors and chivalry in their war. I didn't recognize any of that here. I saw a grim determination to punish, and to avenge, and to protect what remained. Those are manly, if dark, qualities.  Based on what I read, most Europeans no longer even recognize those things. Their recommended reaction, for us, was to cut off aid to Israel, hold seminars on "why we deserved this," and maybe file a brief at the World Court in the Hague. They felt a great outpouring of compassion for us, when we were getting slaughtered. The moment we stood up and began to do something about it, they reverted to hating us. As I recall, they looked at us then, in horror, and saw only a nation of sheep. They couldn't have missed the point more completely. They cast their eyes on wolves, and all they saw was sheep. 
     
    


	 
      Abdolkarim Soroush, an Iranian scholar currently at Princeton, is one of the most important thinkers of our day, on a global scale. His  "The Hermeneutical Expansion and Contraction of the Theory of Shariah"  is crucial to anyone who wants to understand the present state of Islam, not just the terrorist splinter of it. After discussing al-Sistani in  urlLink  this article,   he says this:    These grand ayatollahs are not philosophers. They are scholars and jurists concerned with interpreting how religious law should be applied in the modern world. Their concerns are legalistic. That doesn’t make them illiberal either. I know that Ayatollah Ali Sistani did not take a position against my writings when they were presented to him. That, in itself, says a lot. He and the people around him are absolutely open, for example, to the education of women and promotion of women’s rights.    
     
    


	 
         "One writer asked of Bush supporters: Where is your outrage? Meaning where is their outrage about the mistreatment of prisoners at Abu Ghraib and, more broadly, about the idea of invading Iraq in the first place. The writer added that the half of the American population still supporting Bush appear to be beyond reason, and that frightens him.   "It's no surprise that the Abu Ghraib situation has outraged Bush's critics. But, with the exception of Rush Limbaugh's egregious claim that the treatment of the Abu Ghraib prisoners was merely on the level of a college prank, I've heard Bush supporters -- in print, on the radio and in personal conversations -- express enormous regret about the mistreatment of the prisoners and a wide-awake understanding of how greatly the photos have damaged the U.S. cause in the Arab-Muslim world.   "As someone who was lukewarm about the invasion but who is fervent in the belief that we need to be resolute in helping construct a new, positive political order in Iraq now that we're there, the Abu Ghraib matter has left me bewildered and reeling. Initially, I had hoped that the issue would provide a point of bipartisan consensus: The mistreatment was so clear and the fallout so awful that surely all Americans, regardless of party or ideology, could sound a common note about it. That hope was a sign, of course, not of perspicacity but of my rather desperate longing for bipartisanship on foreign policy.  "Arguing over the particulars of policy is more important than debating people's motives, but on the topic of "where is outrage?" I've long been asking a related question:  Where is the passion -- the passion among many Bush critics, regardless of their opposition to the invasion, to making the erection of a new stable order in Iraq a reality? That ought to be a matter of bipartisan consensus. But, judging from their rhetoric, many critics have made a political concern -- their fixation with scoring political points against Bush in an election year -- their main priority.  I've heard little interest or passion from them when the discussion turns to the crucial need of building a new Iraq."     urlLink  AMEN, brother.   
     
    


	 
      I've been corresponding with a young fellow from Spain, who got in touch with me via the etymology dictionary. Although we share word-lore, we mostly talk about world politics, which is natural in these times.  I don't want to mine a personal correspondence for blog material, but he laid out to me a list of reasons for world suspicion of American power. It's a list I have seen many times before. This is based on what I wrote in response, but it is here not as correspondence, rather as a general response to a common list of canards about American power and history:   Criticism:   Power breeds resentment. All great powers in history are resented and criticized.    Answer:  This is true, but this is a reflex, and human beings are not animals. We are not slaves to reflex, especially when we have minds that can distinguish one situation from another. And I see too few anti-Americans make that distinction. They see what America does, and they're against it, without needing to know any more.   Criticism:   Look at what you did to the Native Americans.    Answer:  I love this one. It always kicks off the chronological European recital of America's crimes. As if every murder committed on the continent of North America was, de facto, done by citizens of the United States.  And so, in the twisted European view of history, Cortez strides into Tenochtitlan in MacArthur's tinted sunglasses and corn-cob pipe, waving the stars and stripes, his pockets stuffed with dollar bills. Put down that Chomsky book for a minute and think! You see what happens when the inner anti-Americanism burns so fiercely? The smoke rises and clouds your vision.  By the time the Americans got control of their destiny, in 1783, the number of Indians who had inhabited the continent in 1492 had been slashed by two-thirds or more, by disease, wars, and starvation brought about by colonial policies directed from European capitals and enforced by European military might. Only in the last years of their rule in America did the British adopt a slightly more humane policy toward the Indians, because they found them useful allies in their struggle with the French over Canada -- and because the natives were useful in restraining the growth of the obstreperous colonials.  After the United States took over self-government, their Indian policy largely consisted of removing the natives from the better lands onto the worse ones. Certainly an inhumane treatment, but arguably better than the general European treatment that had prevailed before that, which was to enslave and kill them.  The Indian removal, especially in the decades after the American Civil War, when the frontier collapsed and then closed, cleared the way for millions of immigrants from -- you guessed it -- Europe! When the Sioux got chased off the prairies, their places were taken not so much by native-born Americans but by Norwegians and Germans and Hungarians -- the surplus lives of an overpopulated Europe, which found an outlet in the United States and thus staved off the inevitable famines and revolutions that would have taken place if all these people had stayed home.   Criticism:   America stole half of Mexico in 1848, in a war started under false pretences.    Answer:  Yes, the Mexican War was a great big land-grab. Jemmy Polk mastered the trick that has been useful to American presidents since then: the way to coax the country into a war that many of its people don't want. He maneuvered U.S. troops into a place where they got shot at by the enemy, and the people at home then rallied to the boys in uniform.  [The delicious irony is, a young congressman from Illinois saw through the ruse and condemned it eloquently. And 15 years later that same man, now President Lincoln, used the same trick, to the same effect, at Fort Sumter.]  Yet what was the bigger picture? Mexico was deep in debt to France and Britain. In 1836, France had bombarded, blockaded, and raided Mexico's coast over a demand for 600,000 pesos. A decade later, the Mexican government was in discussion about having its British debt forgiven in exchange for giving the British the province of Upper California (which it probably knew it was destined to lose anyhow, to the Americans, the Russians, the British, or even the Mormons).  The British -- who were then the great power of the world -- coveted the excellent deep-water harbors of San Francisco and San Diego. Polk and his advisors (Buchanan, Slidell, etc.) knew all this, and rightly foresaw that it would be a disaster for the United States if the west coast of the continent fell into the hands of its European rivals, who wanted to keep America weak. So they acted.  It doesn't make it less of a land-grab, from the Mexican perspective, but it puts it in the context of a global game, then dominated by European powers. Typical anti-American tunnel vision, however, presents the United States at all times in history as the world's great superpower, capable of forcing its whims on everyone.   Criticism:   American intervened in the Caribbean basin and Central America, over and over, usually to protect American business interests.    Answer:  A great deal of selfish bullying, of course, much like that going on in the same years all over Asia and Africa, at the hands of Europeans. So Americans are no better and no worse than Europeans. Where does this leave us? How does this end up in Chirac having a right to lecture me about my evil nation?   Criticism:   American failure to stand up to dictators like Spain's Franco allowed them to persist.    Answer:  For most of its history, the U.S. has been trying desperately  not  to be involved in European wars. But pardon me for seeing a double standard here. In the eyes of the world, America does exactly two things wrong: 1. It intervenes in the affairs of other nations, and 2. It fails to intervene in the affairs of other nations.   Criticism:   Americans allied themselves with dictators in the Cold War and fought wars against communist insurgents in the Third World.    Answer:  No doubt we kept friendship with some truly odious characters then. It was a struggle to the death between the U.S. and the U.S.S.R., and it turned into a situation where "the enemy of my enemy is my friend."  It's called  realpolitik.  It's an ugly business, but it's one that Europeans used to be good at. In fact, they invented it. Then they got too noble to even think of doing such a thing (except with Saddam). Which creates another burden for the United States, which sometimes deals realistically with the situations it finds (alliances with Afghan warlords to oppose the Taliban allow the country to be conquered with a minimum loss of life on both sides). Now we have to be scolded by Europeans at the same time.  European descriptions of the Cold War seem to have a false simplicity: America on one side, and all the poor and oppressed people of the world on the other. Left out of this equation is the Soviet Bloc. Stalin? Remember him? A dangerous enemy, which the West defeated by boxing it in and letting its economy lock up. It was a messy kind of war, and many innocents suffered, but at the end the world is better.  Perhaps you've heard of the tens of millions of dead, and the ethnic slaughter of everyone from the Crimean Tartars to the Cambodian intellectuals. If you don't believe me, you can go to Poland, Prague, or Hungary today and ask them if they were better off under Russian rule. Yet the same European intellectuals who spat hatred at America in the 1960s and 1970s told us the East was a paradise of freedom, a much better place to live. Their descendants have learned nothing, and hold up Islamofascists and Palestinian bus bombers as heroes of the anti-American cause.   Criticism:   All these people who have suffered at American hands will never trust or support the U.S.    Answer:  Not true. Look at the Kurds. They have suffered much and have us to thank for it. When we decided to use Saddam as a bulwark against Iran's fundamentalist Islam, we left the Kurds at his mercy, and he gassed and bombed them on a horrific scale. I met Kurds in Europe in 1979 who were fleeing that genocide, and I promised myself to do what I could for them.  Now look at them. They've got a flourishing enclave, protected by American power, and they're as happy as can be. In the recent public opinion survey of Iraqis, not one Kurd, out of thousands surveyed, said his life was worse off now than before the overthrow of Saddam. Do they forget what happened to them in the 1970s? No, of course not. But they understand  realpolitik,  and they also are more interested in attaining their goal of autonomy than in holding a grudge against the one power willing and able to help them get it.  Not all the criticisms can be so easily turned aside.   Criticism:   The U.S. props up corrupt and repressive Middle Eastern regimes.    Answer:  Valid criticism. If it was up to me, that would not happen. It's a mistake. During the Cold War, certain Soviet satellites tried to put some distance between themselves and Russian dictatorship (Romania, Yugoslavia) without giving up their own repressive Soviet-style leadership. The U.S. rightly kept its distance from them, which allowed us to continue to be seen by the repressed people of Eastern Europe as the champion of their freedom.   Criticism:   America has more self-interest than altruism in its Middle Eastern policies. It didn't liberate Kuwait; it returned it to its dictators.    Answer:  Partially right. Putting those cowardly medieval tyrants back on the throne of Kuwait in 1991 was a big mistake, and the more time passes the more tragic it looks. But don't blame the Americans entirely for that. It was a U.N. operation. The U.N. didn't ask for a new Kuwaiti government, based on popular support. Also, the "multilateral" coalition included many Arab states that would never have permitted the U.S. to start shuffling governments in Arab nations. The first Gulf War was an object lesson in the failure of multilateralism and U.N. leadership.   Criticism:   The U.S. Middle Eastern policy, whether it has good motives or not, is tainted by the U.S. dependence on Middle Eastern oil.    Answer:  Absolutely right. One of the good outcomes of the Iraq war was that the U.S. now can pull itself away from Saudi Arabia, our false friend. But to really get where I want us to be, the U.S. has to stop being reliant on Middle Eastern oil. And that, unfortunately, is a culture change that I don't think my fellow citizens are ready to make. We'll never really succeed in the world without a better energy policy, and as much as I want to see that, I don't.  We're tearing ourselves apart over this election, but it doesn't make a difference whether Kerry or Bush sits in the White House; we keep buying those goddamned SUVs, and that limits what any president can reasonably do in the world.  On the other hand, even if we cut ourselves off from Middle Eastern oil tomorrow, I don't think it would convince anyone of our good intentions. Crafty pundits would invent some new nefarious Yankee (or Jewish) self-interest that would be THE REAL REASON for every U.S. policy. 
     
    


	 
      Interesting piece in the Wall Street Journal this morning (I can't link to it because it's password protected), the upshot of which was a vision of a future U.S. military in which a "Leviathan" military force fights wars and a "System Administrator" organizations works independently, doing nation-building work either after a war or instead of one. It makes sense. The hard reality of Iraq is that the kind of "hearts-and-minds" work we're doing now does not necessarily get done best by soldiers and Marines who are still actively engaging a fluid enemy dispersed among civilian populations.  Americans have a tremendous faith in their military organizations (along with a general unwillingness to serve in it). This is the source of much of our current angst. Because these young soldiers and Marines are not necessarily better than the rest of us, and the military organization is just another bureaucracy, prone to the same flat tires and blown valves as any other.  I sense a difference in tone between the shock and revulsion of the Rest of the World to the Abu Ghraib pictures and the shock and revulsion of the Home Front. Along with the common reaction ("how could you be so stupid?" "what sadistic barbarism," etc.) there's a big feeling here in the States of "betrayal." You meet that word in Americans' writing, but I don't see it from overseas. The clowns who did this let everyone else down. It's like finding that your football team won the World Cup, and then learning that a very minor player was using drugs, and that disqualified the whole victory.  Or, as one site I visited puts it:   "Part of the impact of the Abu Ghraib affair has been the sense of betrayal many supporters of the war have felt at finding that some of those they trusted most were least worthy of it. The shock of discovering a Bishop at peepshow comes not so much from a finding that peepshows exist as in accepting that some Bishops watch them. 'Love,' John le Carre once remarked, 'is whatever you can still betray' and it was the mark of how deeply we loved the troops that the abuses of Abu Ghraib have cut so deeply into the soul of the nation. And every betrayal's trademark is the belated realization that we should have suspected it all along."   I can't think of many Europeans who would discuss their military forces in public and use the word "love" without a deep sense of irony or (more likely) sarcasm.  Nor can I think of many Europeans I have read who would write this (also plucked from a Web log this week):   "In a world filled with tyrannical forces that desire all mankind to be in bondage, maintaining a tight grip on the minds and bodies of their prisoners, there must be a counteracting force for freedom somewhere in the world. There must be a nation that will stand as the bastion for freedom, giving hope to millions of enslaved people everywhere, that someday someone somewhere will come to their rescue freeing them from their evil masters. There must be hope for freedom, for democracy, for independence, and for justice...   "If not us who? Who is going to step forward to be the bastion for peace, the supporter of the weak, and keeper of the flame of equality? Who will give hope for a different life to the enslaved millions of the world?"   Yet this is something that anti-Americans mistake. They assume we are as detached and cynical as they are, and therefore when we express idealistic motives for our policies, we must be lying. It seems impossible to them that we could say things like this and really mean it.  But we do.  Americans see the U.S. military as the representatives of America itself in the world. We're ashamed of them when they act poorly and proud of them when they act well. Perhaps it's because our military is so large, relative to our population. So many families have sons and daughters in the services that we tend to think of them collectively as all of our sons.  Yet when I think of the people I know who went into the military after high school, some were good, strong spirits, and would be proud warriors in the old tradition. And some were just average people of no great talent or character, for whom the military was a way to get an education in technologies (cheaper than college). And some were neer-do-wells who went in because if they didn't they'd probably end up in jail or worse, and the military was a chance to get some self-discipline. I don't know enough to make a rough estimate of the proportion of the three groups. And I think it varies by region. The South perhaps tends to produce more pure soldiers. The military tradition is greater there and there are many military academy high schools.  Yet there are good reasons we love our military. One of its best qualities is that it is absolutely the most integrated segment of American society. It is color-blind: every ethnicity is represented at every level, and not just because of a desire to promote minorities; they got there by the same skill (or bureaucratic efficiency) as everyone else, and they know it. So far, out of the Iraq war, we've seen top military leadership that is black, white, Hispanic, Filipino, and Arab-American.  The flip-side of that positive effort is a deep resentment of Americans who trash-talk the military and spout endlessly about its brutality and criminality, and tell the world that the Abu Ghraib pictures show the true face of American men and women in uniform. People here feel, probably with some justification, every time a Michael Moore opens his mouth, a U.S. soldier bites the dust. They pay the price for freedom of speech quite literally.  
     
    


	 
      My Spanish friend calls me "Von Rauffenstein," after the militaristic Prussian aristocrat in "The Grand Illusion." It's an identification I accept. It's been a long evolution, but I've come to appreciate the role -- the essential role -- of natural aristocracies in a civilized society. And the role of horoable warriors, too. It seems to me Von Rauffenstein represented to old values that World War I was sweeping away.  This was a period of history that came to my mind much in the past few weeks, when everything seems so dark and when it seems like the American bid to redeem Western civilization and defend it from the Islamofascist attack has gone so horribly wrong, and we are destined to fail, with terrible consequences. That the people who apologize for their sins, who punish their transgressors, are going to lose -- really lose -- to the people who parade around with the heads of their enemies and who make their mass murderers into heroes.  I remember how it seemed World War I destroyed everything worthwhile.  I think of Pound's lines:  THERE died a myriad,  And of the best, among them,  For an old bitch gone in the teeth,  For a botched civilization, -  Charm, smiling at the good mouth,  Quick eyes gone under earth's lid, -  For two gross of broken statues,  For a few thousand battered books.  Yet it survived. It is stronger than the chthonic powers that would tear it apart, from within and without. 
     
    


	 
      Berg had traveled several times to Third World countries to help spread technology, his family said. He had previously traveled to Kenya and Ghana, where they said he had bought a $900 brick-making press for a poor village, the family said.   Michael Berg described himself as fervently anti-war, but said his son disagreed. "He was a Bush supporter," Berg said. "He looked at it as bringing democracy to a country that didn't have it."  His father said Berg returned from his trip to Ghana emaciated because he gave away most of his food, and the only possessions he had were the clothes on his back.  
     
    


	 
       "Even the verbal abuse heaped on me during class by students, and the daily glares from the key lady, felt too empty and passionless to be very revelatory. The students weren't militant about their anti-Americanism, or about much of anything. History had rendered them too cynical for any level of fervor. Their antagonism felt vestigial, the persistently acrid smell of the cold war tinged with envy and the bitter odor of half-truth doled out by a sleazy press."    urlLink  In Central Asia, an American Professor Finds Hostility Spiked With Cynicism    By Elinor Burkett 
     
    


	 
      A "liberal" is someone who believes that change can be good, especially when it is guided by a spirit of free inquiry and it aims to increase human freedom and give people more opportunities to guide their own lives. A liberal believes people are basically good, and they can, and want to, make their lives better. It's a faith enshrined in Bobby Kennedy's quote (nicked from G.B. Shaw) about "seeing things that never were" and saying "why not?"  A "liberal" is someone who believes the Enlightenment values enshrined in the constitutions of the Western democracies are true human values, not merely cultural artifacts. That these nations are worthy not because they have some gift from god, not because their citizens are better than those of other lands, but because they have set up these principles as their collective guide and they have committed themselves to live by them, when right, and be corrected by them, when wrong.  I grew up thinking that, and I identified myself as a liberal. What I saw as the opposition was ... well, everything opposite to this. It was many things: Hidebound religious orthodoxy, knee-jerk refusal to think and apply one's mind to political problems, insistence that any change was only going to make things worse. These often could be grouped under the label "conservative."  At that time, during the Cold War, "left" and "right" generally were seen in terms of "communist" and "anti-communist." But this was a false dichotomy and I got an early education in that.  Twice, in the late 1970s, when I was a teen-ager, I lived in West Berlin and spent some time across the wall in East Germany. It was the most "conservative" place I have ever been. Nothing changed. Ever. No one experimented. It lacked color, even on a sunny day; no discos, no pool halls. The neon decadence of the Ku-damm in West Berlin might have been on another planet, not just across the wall. With other students, I took a tour of some of the historic sites in the East -- Potsdam, Frederick the Great's palaces, etc. Our tour guide was an employee of the state. No doubt she was chosen particularly to lead this cluster of young Americans. Perhaps they thought they had picked someone to convince us of the virtues of the People's Republic.  A few of us, including our American teacher guide, spent a lot of time up at the front of the bus between stops, chatting with her. She was a matronly woman, good-natured and honest. We probed her about life in the DDR. She said she would never want to live anywhere else. It suited her just fine. In upholding the virtues of her system, she said something I'll always remember: "when my children go out of the house, I don't have to worry about where they are."  At one of the palaces on this tour, we happened to pass a line of Hungarian students of about our own age (guided by their own government-supplied minder). They practically broke through the velvet ropes to get to us and pepper us with questions about life in America. They scrawled down addresses and pressed them on us. By the time our respective guides had herded us all on, we on the U.S. side got a clear impression of their restlessness and their hunger for a way of life we took for granted.  This was odd because, back in the U.S., all the anti-com-ya-nists I knew were grumps and blue-hairs who saw the Beatles and blue jeans as evidences of socialist corruption, and all the self-professed communists were layabout bohemians with "Che" buttons on their ratty army surplus jackets. It was easy to see which of them would have found life better in the Worker's Paradise.  So "communist" and "anti-communist" wasn't what I felt. Just like the late '60s false dichotomy of hippies and construction workers. It was an accidental identification. If you want to meet a conservative war supporter today, go to a college campus. If you want to meet a hairy, dope-smoking hedonist, go to a construction site.  But I didn't see at the time how much of the "liberal" view was simply an anti-American one. Many of the people advocating it didn't really care about Marxism-Leninism, except insofar as the idea of their advocating it pissed off their parents. Many of them also didn't really care about North Vietnamese or South Africans, except insofar as those people were shaking their fists at the company daddy runs.  In Europe, I also met Kurds. I met them in taverns and hostels in Nuremburg, because, for some reason, the small town of Fürth, near there, was a center for black market passports. They were refugees who had escaped ahead of Saddam's death squads after the U.S. had pulled its support from them. This was the moment Iraq shifted from Soviet satellite to U.S. client in containing the Ayatollah. These Kurds weren't bitter. They understood war and politics and betrayal. They wanted to come to the U.S., too, to bide their time and live the life.  When I read about Kurdistan today, I wonder if any of the young men I met in Nuremburg in 1979 survived and are now among the leaders of that reborn land. I was on their side instinctively in 1979; I'm on their side now. An indigenous non-Christian tribal people, victims of decades of official repression, fascist attempts to eradicate their culture and literally wipe them off the face of the earth. Brutally murdered with the complicity -- at least -- of the U.S. government. This ought to be a no-brainer for a true "liberal."  But instead the liberals I know have no interest at all in the Kurds, because the Kurds made the unforgivable mistake of liberating themselves with the help of American military power. That makes them the bad guys, because the only indigenous people a modern liberal approves are those that burn American flags.  It's been a year and a half since Ron Rosenbaum's brilliant farewell to "Left Idiocies," but I feel more strongly than ever my identification with his kiss-off:    Goodbye to a culture of blindness that tolerates, as part of "peace marches," women wearing suicide-bomber belts as bikinis. (See the accompanying photo of the "peace" march in Madrid. "Peace" somehow doesn’t exclude blowing up Jewish children.)  Goodbye to the brilliant thinkers of the Left who believe it’s the very height of wit to make fun of George W. Bush’s intelligence—thereby establishing, of course, how very, very smart they are. Mr. Bush may not be the sharpest knife in the drawer (I think he’s more ill-informed and lazy than dumb). But they are guilty of a historical stupidity on a far greater scale, in their blind spot about Marxist genocides. It’s a failure of self-knowledge and intellectual responsibility that far outweighs Bush’s, because they’re supposed to be so very smart.  Goodbye to paralysis by moral equivalence: Remind me again, was it John Ashcroft or Fidel Castro who put H.I.V. sufferers in concentration camps?  Goodbye to the deluded and pathetic sophistry of postmodernists of the Left, who believe their unreadable, jargon-clotted theory-sophistry somehow helps liberate the wretched of the earth. If they really believe in serving the cause of liberation, why don’t they quit their evil-capitalist-subsidized jobs and go teach literacy in a Third World starved for the insights of Foucault?  Goodbye to people who have demonstrated that what terror means to them is the terror of ever having to admit they were wrong, the terror of allowing the hideous facts of history to impinge upon their insulated ideology.   Goodbye to all those who have evidently adopted as their own, a version of the simpering motto of the movie Love Story. Remember "Love means never having to say you’re sorry"?       
     
    


	 
      I can't wait for Kerry to win. Can't wait, can't wait, can't wait. Because I can't wait to invite a large number of people to shut their pie-holes and climb out of the peanut gallery and explain why they support his solutions and why his policies are working. People who are so glib and delighted about everything that goes wrong, without committing themselves to having a clue how to do it right. They'll also have to grin and pretend they have a clue about Iraq, unless they really want to have a clue, which would require both reading and thinking, so don't hold your breath.   You might be my co-worker if ...   Three thousand of your fellow citizens are slaughtered in cold blood, incinerated at their desks, forced to jump from awful heights, or wallowing in their own blood on the floors of airliners and your solution is "Condemn foreign aid to Israel and rent another Michael Moore video."
     
    


	 
      Put the U.N. in charge of Iraq today, and by tomorrow it's likely to  urlLink  start looking like Kosovo:     German troops serving with the Kfor international peacekeeping contingent in Kosovo have been accused of hiding in barracks "like frightened rabbits" during the inter-ethnic rioting that erupted in the province in March.    
     
    


	 
        While it is important to punish everyone responsible for the outrages at Abu Ghraib, the only effective way to stop the corrupting influences of war is to achieve victory. Japanese tourists are welcome in Asia everywhere today because the Second World War ended in 1945. And if by contrast Palestinians hand out sweets whenever a Jewish orphanage and Old Folk's home is bombed it may be because the UN refugee camps there celebrated their 50th anniversary in 1998. If the outrages at Abu Ghraib hasten the end of war it will not have been in vain, but if they lead, as the Left most earnestly desires, to a Vietnam-like stalemate, it will be not the last but the first of many sad mileposts.  ... One day Ted Koppel will read, in addition to the names of American soldiers who died in Iraq, the names of friends who will have died in another attack on New York. One day Nicholas de Genovea, the Columbia professor who called for a "million Mogadishus" will understand that it means a billion dead Muslims. And then for the first time, perhaps, they will understand the horror of Abu Ghraib while we all raise our glasses,  sardonically like Robert Graves, "with affection, to the men we used to be".     urlLink  Poignant and poetic, sad words for a tragic time. Thank you, Belmont Club.  
     
    


	 
      It is possible both to burn with personal shame and rage at the fools Abu Ghraib, who threw away so much for so little, and at the same time to remind other people to keep  the reaction to  their criminal folly in perspective. The incident itself is one thing; the way it has been received around the world is another. Here's a good example of perspective, by a voice from the Middle East that is no American lackey:   Absolutes are appealing, but in imposing them, moralists must consider two points: That only a system which responds to censure through amelioration can eventually set lawful standards of behavior; and that some of Washington's more zealous Middle Eastern critics often avoided applying a universal ethical yardstick when considering what took place under Saddam - even as the US today accepts their moral privilege to condemn its actions in Abu Ghraib.  There is no justification (let alone a politically expedient rationale) for a host of recent American undertakings in Iraq - whether the mistreatment of Iraqi prisoners or the bombardment of civilians in Falluja. However, there is also no excuse for denying that what we have seen in the past week in the US has been the thrashing about of a democratic system that feels disgraced by the behavior of several of its citizens, and that intends to rectify matters.   The Egyptian playwright Ali Salem told me recently that the true indignity of the Iraq war was that it was not Arabs who had overthrown Saddam Hussein. He was right. As Arabs examine the photographs from Abu Ghraib and read about American misconduct there, they might reflect less on what this says about the US, which usually ponders its worst excesses, than what it says about their own systems, where such images could only have been glimpsed over the carcass of an overthrown regime.    urlLink  Abu Ghraib, or how to lose some perspective on a very foul affair,   in the (Lebanon) "Daily Star."
     
    


	 
      The amazing  urlLink  North County Times   comes through again. (Hat tip to  urlLink "Citizen" Smash )  For extra credit, want to get up a pool about how long it takes for one of the Michael Moore clones to photoshop something really vile into one of these loving greetings home, and then post it all over the anti-war blogs?  A lie gets halfway around the world before the truth has a chance to get its pants on.  -- Winston Churchill
     
    


	 
       urlLink  Essential for agruing this on any level, because people who yap about it seem to be unclear about what happened when.  
     
    


	 
        1.  In 1983 the Indiana University historian Robert F. Byrnes collected essays from 35 experts on the Soviet Union -- the cream of American academia -- in a book titled  After Brezhnev.  Their conclusion: Any U.S. thought of winning the Cold War was a pipe dream. "The Soviet Union is going to remain a stable state, with a very stable, conservative, immobile government," Byrnes said in an interview, summing up the book. "We don’t see any collapse or weakening of the Soviet system."  Barely six years later, the Soviet empire began falling apart. By 1991 it had vanished from the face of the earth. Did Professor Byrnes call a press conference to offer an apology for the collective stupidity of his colleagues, or for his part in recording it? Did he edit a new work titled  Gosh, We Didn’t Know Our Ass From Our Elbow?  Hardly. Being part of the American chattering class means never having to say you’re sorry.   From  urlLink  Glenn Garvin's review of "In Denial: Historians, Communism and Espionage," in this month's edition of Reasononline.     2.  I find that I cannot shake a memory of something I read years ago in one of Shirley MacLaine's memoirs. The work of Ms. MacLaine might seem an odd thing to reference here, but bear with me. I write from memory. She was a young movie star. It was the 1950s. She had appeared in a film that was at least implicitly critical of the United States. She came under fire from some critics:  Why can't you people in Hollywood be more positive? Your work encourages anti-American propaganda.  She didn't think this was true, but she wasn't exactly a world-class thinker so it didn't matter. What did matter is what she threw away at the end of her story. She went to an international film festival and talked with an anti-American intellectual. He told her something like, "The first time I ever thought maybe your country was something special was when I saw your movie and saw how critical Hollywood is allowed to be. You must really have some kind of freedom."   Peggy Noonan in WSJ, on  urlLink  "A Humiliation for America: Why the abuse of Iraqi prisoners is so disheartening,"   and like many of us trying to trace thread of hope through the dark maze.   3.  If anyone wanted to argue that torture is a matter of routine in many of the countries whose official media now express such shock, they would have to argue by way of double standards. This case would collapse at once and of its own weight if the standard was to become a single one, or if one torturer became an excuse for another. This point doesn't completely apply to the media themselves, who have yet to show the video execution of an Italian civilian kidnapped by Iraqi jihadists, or indeed many other lurid atrocities. But there's no hypocrisy in holding self-proclaimed liberators to a higher standard.    urlLink  Hitchens, of course, whose rage in other parts of this piece comes close to hitting the temperature I feel, and the word for it: Betrayal. By cheap S&M porn-scum sleazebag prison guards.  
     
    


	 
      It becomes possible to think that way. If this were a sports team, this would be the point at which you think about firing the coach to try to salvage the season. The only trouble with that is the guy who's the only alternative. Every time he  urlLink  says something sensible,   it seems that within 24 hours he turns around and  urlLink  says something boneheaded.   But then maybe that's what they've been trying to tell us about him all along.  Maybe we will end up being to the Middle East what France was to Europe. Under Napoleon, they liberated Germany, Italy, Spain and Poland from brutal, backwards rulers. And their armies spread the concept of liberty and democracy, more by examples than by organized action. And yet they ended up being the object of insurgencies and revolts among the very people they had liberated.  What we won't have is a congress of reactionary powers joining forces to drive us out and re-impose the old order. But those seeds of liberty remained, and within a few lifetimes the nations he had touched rose up and freed themselves.  It's not what I want. But after this week, the line between realism and pessimism seems less distinct.
     
    


	 
      It's been a "horrific" week for anyone who had high hopes for Iraq. I find myself every day reconsidering whether to settle for the simply "nationalist" solution: get rid of the dictator, catch the relevant bad guys, launch a functioning and decent, if not particularly robust, native government, and call that a win. That was what the U.S. did in Afghanistan (except we're still chasing bad guy #1).  For Iraq, I sought a neo-imperialist solution: to actually craft a true, open, secular Middle-Eastern democracy in a place that hadn't known the rule of law, except sporadically, in thousands of years. The country was a dysfunctional mess to begin with -- a better candidate would have been Kuwait in 1991, but it's too late to undo that error.  There was a lot of sheer will power and hope in this desire. Would Bush, a leader I did not much respect, emerge as a true war president? Would the U.S. military, so fine at killing enemies and tanks in the name of the government, be able to lead a nation into freedom after defeating its military might? The historical record offered little proof of any of that.  But it was worth the effort; it was a noble enterprise. And I have to keep reminding myself that I said at the outset, it will be 20 years before we know if this was a good idea or not.  Meanwhile, the splendid  urlLink  Andrew Sullivan   gives me something else to hope for: that the playing out of the Abu Ghraib mess will serve as an object lesson to those who are watching closely around the world:    "Americans are no better and no worse as human beings than anyone else. They can become savages as well. But our system -- the open press, the internal reviews, the democratic accountability - minimizes the damage of our flawed human nature. I hope that this incident demonstrates to the Iraqi people that it's the system that we're trying to help them build. This system is not American. It is simply the best of the worst options for human government there is. They deserve it, after the terror of so long a tyranny. We need to hang in there. Through the inevitable mess and mistakes, the goal is clear and noble and essential."      urlLink  From what I read from Iraqis, that may be happening, to some extent.   I'm not so sanguine about our "open press," however. Maybe less confident of it than I am of ultimate Iraqi freedom. It wasn't the media that uncovered the prison abuses. The military system did that, and the investigation and damning reports all came about internally. The lazy media pundits just sat on their butts and watched the military's work broadcast on CBS, like everyone else, and then ran out and mounted their high horses.  The election year gets uglier. The number of undecided voters is truly small, so the candidates stay in their bases for the most part, and try to tease the outsiders in with weasel words (Kerry) or shock them in with crude attacks (Bush). And really the difference between what you're going to get in the next four years, in terms of direct government, is minimal. More troops will have to go to Iraq. The U.N. won't be much help. The economy will continue to slowly improve. But deficits will have to be trimmed. And so forth.  It looks more and more to me like the 1820s, when party distinctions vanished and mere personalities drove the elections. The mis-called "Era of Good Feelings" was one of the nastiest in U.S. history.  "Doonesbury" is doing a take on that this week (the modern divisiveness, not the 1820s), but typically seeing it only from the "Bush" side, with the result that the strip is all straw man, little reality.  In this political lanscape each faction is personified by a hateful belching volcano (Moore-faced on the left, Limbaugh-headed on the right). It looks like the waste of Mordor in between. I long for some place where people can discuss and even disagree without veins popping on throats and foreheads.   urlLink  IMAO   offers a nice set of ground-rules for such a hypothetical discussion.    Most often people will disagree on issues of the day, but just because someone doesn't think like you doesn't mean you should call him evil and kill him. That's what Islamic extremists and the majority of posters at Democratic Underground would do. Instead, following these steps you can have a nice discussion with someone with different viewpoints and both come out of it smarter.    This stuff used to be understood, in a civil culture. We have got to re-learn it, I'm afraid.
     
    


	 
      Of why it's  urlLink  not possible to simply walk away and quit.   Too many good people have died. Too many lives have been torn. This is not Ted Koppel trying to do for the U.S. in Iraq what "Life" magazine did for the U.S. in Vietnam in the 1960s. These are not sneaky photos of caskets at Dover. These pictures are from news wires. Some families whose loved ones died in Iraq have chosen to open their grief to us. They have allowed press photographers at the funerals. We owe it to them to look, to swallow hard, to remember, and to work harder to do this job right.  (But another type of mind looks at these pictures, and gloats, and thinks:    I'm sorry, but the majority of Americans supported this war once it began and, sadly, that majority must now sacrifice their children until enough blood has been let that maybe -- just maybe -- God and the Iraqi people will forgive us in the end.  -- Michael Moore)   
     
    


	 
      Have a hard time telling them apart much of the time? So do I.  urlLink  This excellent article by Jean-Francois Revel   helps to explain why, and to put it into historical perspective.   We French have had little to say against Saddam Hussein, Muammar Qaddafi, Kim Jong Il, Fidel Castro, Robert Mugabe, the imams of the Islamic Republic of Iran, or the bosses of China and Vietnam. We reserve our admonitions and our contempt and our attacks for the U.S., for Ronald Reagan and George W. Bush, and for Europeans like Margaret Thatcher, Silvio Berlusconi, and Tony Blair, because they are insufficiently hostile to capitalism. Our enemy is not the dictator but the free market economy.  Anti-globalizers make the same mistake. What’s important to them is not the eradication of poverty. Rather, it is the propaganda value they gain from linking poverty to the spreading market economy. But this puts them on the wrong side of all evidence, of reality, of history.  
     
    


	 
      By far the best parsing of the media reports coming out of Fallujah has been at  urlLink  The Belmont Club.   The latest posts there deal in the political scene, both in the U.S. and in Iraq, and are as worth reading as the military analysis. Money line:    Clemenceau famously said that "war is too important to be left to the generals". Perhaps he should have added that occupation is too important to be left entirely to the diplomats.    
     
    


	 
      Well, I took my career in my hands last night and dangled it over the abyss, as reckless as Steve Irwin on too much cough syrup. On our front-page we were about to run a New York Times story (we subscribe to their wire service) on the fallout from the Abu Ghraib mess. It contained prominently the phrase,  "... the horrific descriptions and photographs that have emerged in recent days of acts of humiliation, sexual and otherwise, at Abu Ghraib prison ..."   I read this several times, then suggested to my fellow copy editors that perhaps the word  "horrific"  was hyperbole, and that simply describing "acts of humiliation, sexual and otherwise," was sufficient. Also (though I didn't say this much out loud), perhaps we can safely trust the readers, who had seen the pictures and read the descriptions, to have their own emotional reactions, and know what they were and give a name to them, without being told what to feel by the NYT.  My reaction to the pictures and descriptions, for instance, was revulsion, a need to re-check my moral principles against the difficult decision to have this war right now, and rage at the handful of idiots who risked an entire century for some jackass stunt. (My reaction on seeing the full Army report of them, today, is even stronger).  But "horrific?" No, this wasn't the stuff of horror movies. In itself, it was the stuff of hell night a Phi Kappa Sigma when I lived across the quad from their house at Dickinson. Culturally, it was a brutal insult. Politically, it was a disaster. But "horrific?" Twelve-foot-tall spiders are horrific. No: bodies burned and mutilated and torn apart and hung up on bridges are horrific.  urlLink  Men with machine guns executing little girls and then videotaping the scene while the babies bleed to death in their car seats.   That's horrific.  But I didn't say that, either. I asked if we could agree to drop that one word. At first I got blank stares. Part of it, perhaps, was incredulity that I, or any of us, would presume to rewrite the prose of a NYT story. Copy-editing them usually is limited by custom to fixing their many misplaced commas. Who was I, a small-town ink-stained wretch, to presume to know journalism better than the Gray Lady?  And to make matters worse for myself, I recommended a change in a direction that could only be interpreted in many minds here as "supporting that asshole Bush." Remember this is a place where I hear almost daily, from a variety of sources, that no sane person could fail to vote for John Kerry. These are the same copy editors who wanted to remove a mild insult to the French from an account of a patriotic rally. The mayor had said it in public, but it was deemed too "editorial" for a news story. My attempt, the last time I was given a wire page to fill, to include a picture of Nazi-style desecration of a Jewish cemetery in France likewise was objected to as not newsworthy.  At first, consent was granted to remove "horrific" -- as long as it was replaced with something equally strong. I pointed out that "acts of humiliation, sexual and otherwise" seemed to describe the crimes pretty well, and that adding more adjectives was redundant. No further objection was made, but I had to pick up the paper this morning to be sure the change I suggested had been made and approved at the top. It was. Chalk up one small victory for sanity.  My editorials, meanwhile, used to be solicited and praised. Now those I've offered haven't been running. I guess it was finally discovered that they have a tendency to focus on the importance of the war effort, not on the things that go wrong with it. 
     
    


	 
      Here's a good run-down on the  urlLink  controversy over the cartoon about Pat Tillman,   by an "artist" whose name I do not care to repeat.  A number of people have written to the sources that published this piece of work, expressing their opinions about it. I added my voice, with particular reference to my position in the media:    Universal Press Syndicate: Lee Salem  lsalem@amuniversal.com  Mr. Salem,  I'm writing to you as a private citizen, but I also happen to be an editor at a newspaper that runs some UPS material. I often am asked by my editor to vet potential columns and services that the paper is considering picking up.  Like many people, I was repulsed by cartoonist Rall's take on the death of Pat Tillman. Being in journalism, I have a commitment to free speech that I'm sure you share. But I also have an awareness of the responsibility of the job, which tells me that, just because you CAN say anything doesn't mean you SHOULD say everything. This piece of work seems to me to clearly stand on the wrong side of that line.  I'm looking forward to what response UPS will take to this situation. I would like to continue your organization in my esteem.  Best wishes, Doug Harper   
     
    


	 
        Let me register at this point the curiously unreflective way in which [Scott] Lucas appears to define dissent. It is, as far as I can see, to have views that are different to the line of the government. But Lucas cannot be bothered to deal with one obvious problem, which is the question of what constitutes dissent in a country where the government is opposed to, say, the war in Iraq. Who is the dissenter in France, or Germany, or Russia? Let alone Syria or Saudi Arabia.  Lucas confers all intellectual virtue on his friends and vice upon his enemies. Those he agrees with are invariably "cogent" or "acerbic", whereas only his opponents can be "smug" or "crude". Far worse, however, is his Olympian ascription of motive, which eventually leads to farce. At one point Lucas writes that, "By intention or convenient coincidence the War on Iraq could divert attention from the 'quagmire' on the West Bank." It is pretty daft to claim that the coalition may, "by intention", have launched a full-scale invasion of a country thousands of miles away, in the hope that it would make people forget about Palestine.    "Guardian" columnist  urlLink  David Aaronovitch  , scathing Scott Lucas' "The Betrayal of Dissent: beyond Orwell, Hitchens and the new American century" in the "New Statesman."   urlLink  Go and read the whole thing.   And don't miss the conclusion:    My eventual support for the war to get rid of Saddam Hussein has earned me letters and e-mails calling me a wanker, brown-nose, arse-licker, propagandist, warmonger, Zionist, Islamophobe, neoconservative, glorifier of slaughter and murderer by proxy. Old friends say I have gone mad, old comrades that I have become an apostate and committed heresy. My father, I am told by a veteran communist who seems to know nothing about what Iraqi communists are saying today, would be turning in his grave.  And not because I have "suppressed" anything but because (and this is the real point), like Hitchens and others, I have put the other side of the argument, have argued what many Kurds and Iraqis and Sierra Leoneans and Bosnians know - that there is a leftist case for intervention, just as there is a leftist case against it. It is this second case that Lucas is unequipped, or unwilling, or too scared to make.   
     
    


	 
      We run an "ask the doctor" column at the newspaper where I work. It's one of my jobs to edit it. Usually the first question is something bland, like, "what can you tell me about sore throats?" But after he answers that, the doctor (I'm not making this up: his name is "Dr. Gott") will print "the second question." And buried down there at the bottom of the column is often something howlingly funny, like, "Dear Dr. Gott: Every day at 4:40 a.m. my cock turns neon blue. Is this usual."  "The second question" is now my way of expressing the really juicy bits of a story that the reporter (or editor) saw fit to work in well down the text, long past the jump break, where not one reader in 5 is likely to see it.  After the carnage this weekend in Yanbu (a city I encountered for the first time last week, reading T.E. Lawrence's "Revolt in the Desert"), the BBC offers  urlLink  this account.    Well down the column comes an interesting bit of description of what the thugs did after they drove into a school compound with the shreds of a Westerner's body tied to their bumper. They got the students' attention with a burst of gunfire:    There the gunmen fired into the air to attract attention before shouting: "God is great, come to join your brothers in Falluja."   One of the schoolboys watching said the men pointed to the bloodied and badly damaged corpse, screaming: "This is the American president."    Yes, very nice, thank you. But after that comes this:    Crown Prince Abdullah, the leading Saudi royal, has promised to use an "iron fist" to crush terrorism.  He also [said?] Jewish interests were behind the attacks.     Now, pick up your jaw, please, and put it back together, because you're going to need to drop it again as soon as you read the line right after that, which is the BBC's way of putting this cowardly lie into context:    It is not clear if those were remarks for domestic consumption or if that really is the Saudi assessment of the source of violence in the kingdom, our correspondent says.    My first thought was, "As if it makes a difference!" But then I realized this is exactly the right question to ask in writing about this two-faced false friend.  
     
    


	 
       urlLink  The Guardian   laments the fading of the popular movement to halt the growth of nuclear weapons arsenals. This once was a defining cause for the left, and in my days of association with it, in the late 1970s, it was still very much alive, both in America and in Europe. It seems things have changed.    In 1958, some 15,000 people set off for this sleepy corner of Berkshire to protest outside the AWE. Over the following five years they came in ever increasing numbers and from ever further afield, from Pakistan and Sweden to India, Cyprus and Iraq, from Malta, South Africa, France, Ghana and Nigeria, trudging through rain and sometimes snow.   Some 46 years later, a 200-strong reception party awaits these 300 road-weary marchers outside the austere AWE building today. There are tents and teepees and refreshment stalls around the main gates and the main camp in Bluebell Wood. Tethered to the barbed wire are home-crafted banners reading "Women for Peace" and "No War", alongside more official notices reminding us that the premises are protected by police guard dogs and that we are at all times under CCTV surveillance.   It is, by any measure, a disappointing showing.    Now, this is sad, because stopping the spread of nuclear weapons is a valid cause that ought to transcend left and right. And it does, but it draws people differently. In the 1960s and '70s, the issue in Western Europe and the U.S. was to condemn Americans for their nuclear arsenal (not used since its infancy) and to make the deployment of American military power as difficult as possible.  Now, the nuclear threat remains; if anything, it's worse than it was in 1958. But it's also more complicated. It involves non-Western nations like Pakistan and Iran and North Korea. It seems many of the people who felt the fire in their bellies to march against American nukes can't be bothered to do the same when they fall into the hands of people who were, or might be, or might fear to be, oppressed by Americans.  Bruce Kent, an official in a British anti-nuclear organization, typically sees the thing right but upside down: "People have just got complacent," he said in the "Guardian" article. "People seem to think that nuclear weapons in the hands of countries such as North Korea or Libya or Iraq are bad but in our hands they're reasonable, and that, in some sense, has been sold to the public."  No, a great many people see nuclear weapons in the hands of Iraq or North Korea (and ultimately in the hands of al-Qaida types who boast that as soon as they get one they'll take out an Israeli city) as a big problem. And they're thinking about it, and trying to do something about it. But hanging out with aging hippies in a British pasture isn't high on the list.  It's possible (but probably inaccurate) to take the 15,000-to-500 ratio as the ratio of people in those organizations who simply reflexively oppose American power to people who are serious about the threat of nuclear weapons. After all, what are Kent and his companions doing about Libya? And if the U.S. still has a nuclear arsenal, and Libya is giving up its aspirations to have one, is his approach to the thing better than Dubya's?  Plenty of wingnuts on the right simply opposed anything that the U.S.S.R. embraced, whether the thing itself was good or bad. But it also seems to me the John Birch types largely have been marginalized in the "conservative" wing, while the "loony" contingent has claimed a lot of core ground in the intellectual circles of the "left." Think of Chomsky denying the Cambodian holocaust because, well, any indigenous power that rises up to oppose American hegemony must, de facto, be a good and benevolent thing (hell, think of a turgid, tenured professor at MIT being held up as the champion of the world's oppressed).  It also seems to me that more people who are labeled "right" take the time to develop consistent ethical and intellectual positions, and to stick with them even into uncomfortable situations. Simply opposing anything an American leader wants to do is, like, so much easier.
     
    


	 
      The number two top story on the Yahoo newswire right now is the AP article titled  urlLink  Iraqi Prisoner Details Abuse by Americans    It tells the tale of one Dhia al-Shweiri, described as "a die-hard fighter in the al-Mahdi Army." It leads off with 12 graphs on the "pattern of torture" by coalition forces and the "systematic abuse" of prisoners, reports of which, we are assured, "were widely dismissed as politically motivated" (but never told "by whom").  Then, long after the angry reader has already taken his snootful of America-hated and moved on to the next tale of outrage, the subject of the article gets to explain exactly what awful thing was done to him by the Great Satan's minions. Shield your children, America, it's shocking reading:    Al-Shweiri, who was arrested by the Americans in October, said he was asked to take off his clothes only once and for about 15 minutes.   "I thought they wanted me to change into the red prison uniform, so I took off my clothes, down to my underwear. Then he asked me to take off my underwear. I started arguing with him but in the end he made me take off my underwear," said al-Shweiri, who was too embarrassed to go into too much detail.   He said he and six other prisoners — all hooded — had to face the wall and bend over a little as they put their hands on the wall.   "They made us stand in a way that I am ashamed to describe. They came to look at us as we stood there. They knew this would humiliate us," he said, adding that he was not sodomized.   "They were trying to humiliate us, break our pride. We are men. It's OK if they beat me. Beatings don't hurt us, it's just a blow. But no one would want their manhood to be shattered," he said.    So, in other words, it was sort of like a physical exam for the high school football team.  A little perspective with that outrage, please.  
     
    


	 
      It turns out that one of my favorite bloggers, Willow, has some experience in military interrogation, and her take on the idiots in Abu Ghraib is as  urlLink  full of passion as it is of informed perspective.  
     
    


	 
      "Islam Online" is a news service that gives the truth about the Mideast from, I suppose you'd call it a "non- American" perspective. Here's a sampling, headlined "Palestinian Fighters Kill Five Israeli Settlers."    GAZA CITY, May 2 (IslamOnline.net & News Agencies) - Five Israeli settlers were killed Sunday, May 2, and three soldiers injured in a Palestinian resistance attack on an Israeli settlement in occupied southern Gaza.  Two Palestinian fighters disguised as shepherds ambushed two cars of Israeli settlers near the Kissufim road, which leads to the major Gush Katif settlement bloc, witnesses told IslamOnline.net.  The Palestinian resistance groups Islamic Jihad and the Popular Resistance Committees claimed the attack.  Earlier, media outlets said the operation was claimed Hamas armed wing Ezzudin Al-Qassam Brigades, which later denied responsibility, but praised the “heroic operation”.    The dead were a 34-year-old woman, 8 months pregnant, and her four little girls, ages 2 to 11. I can well understand the threat a 2-year-old girl posed, that would require the brave "resistance" (one of whom is pictured at left) to spray her with machine gun fire.  It wasn't a misake, by the way. According to the "Jerusalem Post," Tali Hatuel, 34, who was 8 months pregnant, and her daughters, Hila, 11, Hadar, nine, Roni, seven, and Merav, two, were shot at point-blank range, after initial gunshots brought their car to a halt. The terrorists then sprayed the car with bullets to ensure that all the occupants were dead.  Hey, I have an idea: let's bend our power toward helping these people get a country.
     
    


	 
      I'm sorry that John Kerry dropped the idea of a tax on gasoline, because it was one of the best things he's proposed, and we need it. I'd like to see gas cost at least three times as much at the pump as it does now. That would push forward toward a resolution of some of the worst problems the country faces.  It would be more equitable as a tax, because it would fall harder on the rich or those who choose luxuries over practicalities. Nobody made you buy that SUV. Some relief structure would have to be built in for necessary work such as doctors in rural counties, but that could be handled in the tax codes. As things now stand, everyone, frugal or not, pays taxes that subsidize the current (relatively) low price of gas.  It would begin to change America's collective lifestyle for the better. People would walk more, bicycle more. That would help slow the obesity epidemic. It would make inner cities more appealing as places to work and live. That would turn the tide on another frustrating cancer in the nation.  It would encourage car companies to bite the bullet and make more fuel-efficient vehicles. And it would pile on incentives for research into alternate energy sources. If people drive less, pollution levels will subside, and if people use less gasoline, we'll be less inclined to drill for it in fragile environments.  Americans would continue to buy gas, of course, but more of the money we spend on it would go into the government services we need, rather than into the pockets of our false friends the oil sheiks, who use it to fill mosques and madrassahs around the world with West-hating Wahhabist imams.  And if you think you're paying more at the pump than you were 20 years ago, please remember that  urlLink  you're actually paying less.  
     
    


	 
      (I'm proud to say I gave $140 bucks to this effort)   A Good Start On the Iraq Homefront  Spirit of America exceeds its fund-raising goals 15-fold.    BY DANIEL HENNINGER   Friday, April 30, 2004 12:01 a.m. EDT   The photograph below was taken at Camp Pendleton, the Marine Corps base 38 miles north of San Diego. It shows Col. Robert Knapp and Spirit of America's Jim Hake in front of the television equipment that was bought with contributions from readers of this newspaper and others. It will be in the air tomorrow, bound for Al Anbar province in Iraq. There, Marines from the First Expeditionary Force will help Iraqis restore seven local TV stations.   This is a remarkable story of can-do. I think it is also the story of a nation willing to do more than it has been asked by the Bush administration. It is about the need for an Iraqi homefront.   The column describing Spirit of America's effort to raise $100,000 for the TV stations appeared in this space 14 days ago. Since then, the following has happened:  Jim Hake, Spirit of America's entrepreneur founder, says they have received $1.52 million. Some 7,000 donations have come from every state, and one from ... France.  Mr. Hake purchased all the needed equipment and had suppliers ship directly to Camp Pendleton. Federal Express donated domestic shipping costs.   Stanley Hubbard at Hubbard Broadcasting Inc. in Minnesota has offered several hundred thousand dollars in state of the art digital television equipment. That equipment would provide satellite uplink and downlink capability, allowing the Iraqis' TV stations to get program content from elsewhere in the world.  Mr. Hake has received five new requests from military in Iraq and also in Afghanistan, the live war that faded from view until Pat Tillman, the former NFL player, was killed there. A Special Forces soldier in Afghanistan requested soccer equipment for a village team: "They compete regionally but have no equipment save a couple of soccer balls." The team's equipment will soon be shipped.  Sounds like small potatoes. But in the relatively alien worlds the U.S. now finds itself, represented by its soldiers, this is what must be done if we hope to extinguish terrorism and restore self-government in lands taken over by terrorist networks.   Tellingly, Mr. Hake has also received a request from a Coalition Provisional Authority office in Iraq. The CPA of course is the U.S. government agency officially tasked with restoring Iraq, and funded by Congress (i.e., the American people). That the CPA itself would ask Jim Hake for help suggests that peacetime rules and red tape are smothering a wartime effort--whether by the CPA, private contractors or the military. This is a good subject for another time (horror stories of bureaucracy run wild welcome at the address below).   Let us downshift a moment from this tale of real people giving their own money to do real good in Iraq to survey how the war appears more familiarly in the life of America. Just in the past week, amid televised scenes of U.S. soldiers fighting to defeat their killers and the killers of Iraqi innocents in Fallujah and Najaf, the homefront consisted of:  John Kerry sitting down Monday with ABC's Charles Gibson to parse "medals" and "ribbons" in panicked syntax that recalled Ralph Cramden's famous "hummina-hummina-hummina" routine; a debate over televising covered coffins; an appearance before the all-partisan September 11 commission by the President and Vice President; and tonight's scheduled naming by Ted Koppel of every U.S. soldier killed in Iraq the past year. Mr. Koppel said, "We felt that the impact would actually be greater on a day when the entire nation is not focused on its war dead." Not focused on its war dead?  The war as it is presented in the U.S. and the war as it exists in Iraq seems to occupy separate spheres of reality. The political class and media treat the war as something whose "policy" details can somehow be revisited, even rethought. At home, the war is a political event, a normal partisan phenomenon. Its metaphors are borne out of Vietnam--quagmire, bogged down, body counts, Ted Kennedy.   Guess what? Vietnam isn't coming back. The people of this country tore the nation's fabric terribly over Vietnam. They are not going to do it again.   The grand response to the Spirit of America request says to me that the public understands that we are there in Iraq and the job now isn't to debate its value but to get the job done. Most Americans don't want to be one of the partisan bobbleheads on television. They want to be part of a genuine homefront, helping. One who responded to the Spirit of America appeal, Dick Kampa of Tucson, Ariz., put it this way:  "My sense is that there are many who would support civilian, home-front activity that would bolster troop morale and communicate to the Iraqi people that we really are their friends. Putting a political label on such activity would be counterproductive. I think Democrats and Republicans should, and many would, unite in these activities. Perhaps we need rallies or community meetings linked to constructive actions like funds for impactful projects in Iraq, adopt-a-communities, collection of goods, bandage rolling, etc., things that involve people across America."  You know for a fact that if Laura Bush undertook any such homefront effort, it would be dissected and mocked as hokey and irrelevant. Too bad. I don't think most Americans want to debate woulda, coulda, shoulda just now. They want to win. Spirit of America is a start, but someone high in the Bush administration ought to start thinking of ways to let more people pitch in.    Mr. Henninger is deputy editor of The Wall Street Journal's editorial page. His column appears Fridays in the Journal and on OpinionJournal.com  
     
    


	 
       Did you donate to  urlLink  Spirit of America?   If you did, you've probably seen this good news. If you didn't, go check them out, and maybe you can feel a little glow of satisfaction when the next update comes. If you've been watching from the sidelines, wanting to do your part, this is an excellent group. They work hard, they keep it real, and the overhead is minimal. What you give them, they put to work.   From: Dunham Maj Oliver H  Sent: Monday, June 28, 2004 6:12 AM To: Jim Hake Cc: Lutkenhouse LtCol John F; Chandler Maj Thomas E  Subject: sewing center  Dear Jim,  The local TV station we have been supporting with your donated media gear did a news spot on the new sewing center that opened in Ramadi. The station did a 14 minute segment set to music, with interviews of different people interspersed throughout the segment.  The center has actually been expanded into what the Iraqis are calling a "Women's Center" (the sign reads in English below the Arabic, "The Organization of Creative Women in New Iraq"). The Iraqis will be planning use profits generated from the sewing to fund women's education (English, computer skills, etc). This is huge and is exactly the direction we are trying to drive things as it runs counter to the agenda of the extremists who are fighting to keep this part of the world mired in the dark ages. During the segment, they panned to new furniture (purchased by us), school-type desks and new computers (I believe provided by CPA), and of course, the sewing machines set up on tables, each one being its own sewing station. They are saying that 900 families will be supported by the center though I think that may be a little bit of an overstatement as locals here are sometimes apt to do.  That said, the Iraqis had a true ribbon cutting ceremony.  There was a darling little girl who was holding one end of the ribbon while a man cut the ribbon. One of the Iraqis interviewed (I believe he is the director of the center) thanked the Governor for the assistance that made the center possible.  Because we are approaching the transfer to sovereignty there was no Coalition involvement in the opening of the center.  Thus, though the Coalition was not mentioned; we still see this as a win. Any time the interim government gets credit for something that benefits local people, it increases support for the interim government.  Support for the interim government means greater stability, which is what we need to get Iraq through the transition period.   There is still a fight here, but we are making progress.  Thanks again for the help.  Holden
     
    


	 
      Someone recently dug up one of my old postings, pre-Iraq War, in which I waxed multinationalistic, criticized Bush, and praised the U.N. He asked me what had changed since then.  The short answer is, I haven't changed my position about Bush, and I still think Tony Blair says the right things, and says them far more articulately than Bush. I've seen through the hypocrisy of the United Nations, especially the French and Germans, and I'm now more disgusted with them/it than anything that emanates from America. Even al Qaida will stand up and tell you to your face they want to see you dead. The French ruling class pretend to be on your side, when behind their backs they have their fingers crossed, hoping you'll die.  At the time I wrote, the Bush Administration (mainly Powell) apparently were trying to work within the framework of the United Nations, and its repeated resolutions on Iraq, which Saddam repeatedly tore up and laughed at. Bush et al were giving the U.N. one last chance to be effective and actually prove it meant what it said. At the time, that made us look like monkeys and gave every little candy-ass dictatorship a chance to dance on the U.S. as it tried to build consensus in the U.N.  And as for having other nations helping us, I have come to realize that, militarily, most of them just would be dead-weight. And politically, they would be weak sisters who would run at any sign of real trouble. Better to go alone with the few you can trust, who are willing to work.  Now? Looking back? I'd have gone up to the U.N. on Sept. 12, told them all to follow me down to 23rd and Chambers, shown them the red-hot pile of metal, with people crawling into it seeking anything that might still be alive, and said, "you have 30 days to tell us what you're going to do about this, before we go and do something about it on our own." Then after they didn't (of course), I'd have gone up to 44th Street, locked the doors to the U.N. building, and handed them all their passports and a one-way ticket home.   * * *   I had thought about those older posts, and how they seem out of synch with, if not downright contradictory to, what I'm writing now. But the Internet is the antidote to "1984." You can't re-write its history, thanks to Google archives and sites like the Waybackmachine. What's been published, if it's been up for any length of time, will remain accessible, somewhere.  But mainly I decided to keep them linked from my current pages because I thought that, years from now, someone might be curious about the political evolution of one small mind, not for its own sake, but as a representative of a larger class. Historians do that all the time: how did the majority in the U.S. North, which loathed abolitionists in 1838, come to put them in power just 22 years later?  So someday historians might wonder about the diaspora of people like me, in the American political landscape. "Pro-war liberal" might be a kind classification for us, though there are a great many unkind ones. I encounter similar minds among my peers and in the sites I visit online: men and women who have traditionally identified themselves with a group of positions and attitudes generally called "liberal," but who have slowly found themselves pushed over to another alignment, ranged against people they once considered allies and beside people they once called enemies.   It began on Sept. 11, 2001. And it certainly wasn't the siren appeal of our newfound allies that drew us over. Most of us oppose them as vigorously as ever in social issues and sometimes even in War on Terror issues (Guantanamo detainments, etc.), though more quietly.  One thing I appreciate about the people on "this side" is, they know how to fight hard when the time is right to argue, and how to shut up for the sake of the greater good when that time has passed. Many "conservatives" were deeply opposed to Bill Clinton's military forays into Kosovo and Serbia, but I never saw them openly gloating over American mistakes or cheering for American deaths the way the left does today in the case of Iraq.  Yes, yes, more straw man arguments. But are they? I was told not long ago that Michael Moore, who  does  call for more dead American soldiers, is a fringe player, not representative of the mainstream of Democrats in America. And I allowed that to be accepted in the argument I was having. And now, lo and behold, all the top Senate Democrats have walked his red carpet to the premiere of his new movie in D.C. And the DNC has worked out a deal that will ensure more than a half-million DVD copies of the film will be distributed nationwide in October 2004, just a month before the general election.  I have no truck with Rush Limbaugh or Ann Coulter. How am I supposed to differentiate people on the other side from their worst exemplars, if they won't separate themselves from them?   * * *   Moore joined a national conference call and webcast on Monday sponsored by MoveOn to promote the film.  urlLink  Moore pleaded with his fans to vote for Kerry.   No surprise there, but at least he's looking over his shoulder at the election rules, because he hastily added, "I've never spoken to the man. I've never spoken to anybody in his campaign."  Which is a typical instance of Moore's definition of "the truth." Because right after that he bragged about how he's been speaking with Alexandra Kerry (she of the see-through dress), who, according to Slate, is "active in the [Kerry] campaign," and who, according to the article cited above, "does media outreach for the Kerry campaign and is considered one of her father's closest advisers." Moore also had stumped for the Wesley Clark campaign, and he and his associates keep in touch with the many former Clark staffers now working for Kerry.  So much for "I've never spoken to anybody in his campaign."  And according to a Kerry campaign source, Moore's distributors have been talking to the campaign, and Moore employees twisted arms to get Kerry to agree to a private screening of  "Farenheit."   "Moore or his people have been all over us," according to a Kerry campaign staffer in Washington. "We were getting free passes to the premiere. It's obvious that when we beat the Republicans, they want to get the credit for it." Props to Kerry for dodging this stunt. At least he can do one thing right. 
     
    


	 
      Pundits on both sides invoke Abraham Lincoln in the modern debate over Bush's war against Saddam, the disposition of terror suspects, and the Patriot Act.  I'm not interested here in comparing the Constitutional complications of the 1860s and those of today. The nature of the U.S. government and its powers have changed enormously since Lincoln's day -- largely as a result of the Civil War itself, and the Reconstruction amendments. Anything more than a superficial comparison only is possible amid a jungle of explanatory paragraphs swarming with footnotes.  The situations, too, are different. Lincoln faced the economic and physical disruption of the union, with a third of its population and a great deal of its revenue-generating section trying to depart. He faced the sudden emergence of a new world power on the doorstep of the remaining section, with potential powerful allies like Britain and France eager to see the fall of the United States.  After Sept. 11, Bush faced relatively fewer, more distant, and scattered enemies. But they were ideologically focused, not on escaping from the U.S., but on going right to the heart of it and unleashing fatal poison. And they are capable of a hellish destructive force never dreamed in Lincoln's day.  Many of the constitutional issues do run in parallel, however, and Lincoln's response to the crisis echoes Bush's. (Their careers have broad similarities, too: Both men had checkered pasts and won disputed elections without a majority; both were blamed for starting a war unjustly when negotiated settlement was possible and for exploiting a national crisis to advance their private agendas and attain partisan goals).  Lincoln offers a model, good or bad, for the role of a president in times when the nation sails into murky waters and faces conditions not imagined when the laws were written.  Like Bush in 2001, Lincoln in 1861 faced a legal fog in defining his enemy, and delineating his war. Even among many people in the North, the power of a state to secede from the union was held to be a legal right. The Constitution, as read by many, was seen as silent, or ambiguous, on the issue. A range of positions could be defended. Buchanan's attorney general, for instance, had investigated the laws and concluded that, while the secession was not legal, the government had no authority to stop it.  Meanwhile, the seceded states formed themselves into a new nation. Lincoln's official position was that the Confederacy did not exist and that he was suppressing an internal rebellion. Yet in practice, he treated the South as a sovereign power. He blockaded its coast. His administration acknowledged its sea-rovers as privateers and not as pirates. When rebels invaded the North and were captured at Gettysburg they were treated as POWs, not as traitors to be hanged for treason, because they were commanded by officers holding commissions from the Confederate government.  In fact, Lincoln made every attempt to have it both ways, because his powers, as president, were limited differently in each case. Whichever situation gave him what he needed, that is how he painted the war/rebellion in that case.  He did so to recruit and maintain a large standing army to fight a modern war, and in doing so he broke the Constitution he had sworn to uphold, which was structured to provide temporary, minute-man armies (in a system little changed since King Alfred's aldormen led the Anglo-Saxon fyrd to repel Viking marauders).  He did so in sweeping aside civil rights, including habeas corpus, and filling Northern jails with men never charged with any crime. He did so in full knowledge that his nation was full of dissent, and his agents couldn't, or didn't care to, distinguish honest loyal opposition from active treason.   Lincoln had at his back a Congress driven by his allies. And he managed to skillfully avoid the courts. When he couldn't avoid them, he defied them. In the  Merryman  case in 1861, Chief Justice Roger B. Taney denounced the notion of arbitrary military arrest and defended civil liberties, and pointed out that only Congress had the right to suspend habeas corpus. And he admitted he could do nothing to enforce his ruling in the face of a military force "too strong for me to overcome." Taney wrote as defiantly as any anti-Bush zealot today. And the cause for his wrath was more immediate and dangerous than the Patriot Act:  “I can only say that if the authority under which the constitution has confided to the judicial department and judicial officers, may thus, upon any pretext or under any circumstances, be usurped by the military power, at its discretion, the people of the United States are no longer living under a government of laws but every citizen holds life, liberty and property at the will and pleasure of the army officer in whose military district he may happen to be found.”  Lincoln wrote out a standing order for Taney's arrest, but it was never served. But  Merryman  set the tone and left it to the justices to decide whether to provoke fights, legitimate or not, that they had no power to win.  Lincoln got a break when an important case came to Justice James M. Wayne, who was perhaps the staunchest war supporter on the Court. In  U.S. v. Colonel Gorman  Wayne upheld Lincoln’s extra-legal (at best) recruiting drive in 1861 and its retroactive endorsement by Congress.  “It is my opinion,” Wayne ruled, “that Congress has constitutional power to legalize and confirm executive acts, proclamations, and orders done for the public good, although they were not, when done, authorized by any existing laws.”   Even some who supported the Northern cause blanched at this notion, but it was in keeping with the general spirit of the administration and the pro-war press, which was to “preserve the union at all costs.”  Lincoln used his presidency to pack the Supreme Court with justices who would be more sympathetic to his purposes. Three of five justices who sustained the administration in the important  Prize  case of 1863 were new Lincoln appointments.  But the full question of whether the Constitution gave the president a special power to suspend the writ of habeas corpus during wartime never got to the Court. In large part that's because the administration made sure it didn't. It had a valid fear that the Court would rule against there being such a power under the Constitution, and such a ruling would undermine the war effort. On the other hand, by keeping the matter away from the Court, the administration could largely accomplish its policy.  Opposition, especially in the press, clamored for a test case to settle whether the arbitrary arrests were legal. Secretary of War Stanton thought it would be wise to do so, too, but Attorney General Bates talked him out of it. In a letter of Jan. 31, 1863, Bates wrote to Stanton that a Supreme Court decision against the habeas corpus policy “would inflict upon the Administration a serious injury,” and would do more good to the rebels “than the worst defeat our armies have yet sustained.”  Only after victory was secure, and only gradually and tentatively at first, did the Supreme Court begin to put the nation back on a Constitutional basis, which Lincoln and the Radicals in Congress had disrupted. Both Lincoln and Taney were dead by this time.  Lincoln had done what was necessary to his purpose, which he saw as saving America's future, and he let the lawmakers catch up as they would. Or he left it to the courts to undo the changes long after they ceased to be necessary. Some of them were never undone, and America after 1865 was never again ruled by the government that had been created in 1787.  History forgives him these transgressions (though they are more bitterly remembered in the South) because the war he led America into had a great (if unintended) result of freeing slaves. It gave them an imperfect freedom, to be sure. The backlash brought explosive violence into their lives. And real civil rights didn't come their way for another century.  Yet however imperfectly he did it, Lincoln defeated slavery -- an institution that had enjoyed the protection and support of the U.S. government until then. (Even so radical an anti-South man as Thad Stevens once took a case on behalf of a master reclaiming his runaway slave.) And history gives him that honor and Americans rank him among their greatest presidents. 
     
    


	 
       Someone asks my contractor friend in Iraq, " I want to know why we haven't done more than a half-hearted try to circumvent the oil problem by developing viable alternate energy sources. I've been wondering this for years now. It is plain to see that if we did that we could cut loose our dependency on the Mideast and begin to solve a raft of problems." It's something I've wondered, too. Here's her answer:   I took a bit of extra time to think about this, and still haven't set everything straight in my head. Sometimes you can know something very clearly, but still have a hard time explaining it, you know? Still, take a look at the list below.  Ink  Dishwashing liquids  Paint brushes  Telephones Toys  Unbreakable dishes  Insecticides  Antiseptics  Dolls  Car sound insulation  Fishing lures  Deodorant Tires  Motorcycle helmets  Linoleum  Sweaters Tents  Refrigerator linings  Paint rollers  Floor wax Shoes  Electrician's tape  Plastic wood  Model cars Glue  Roller-skate wheels  Trash bags  Soap dishes Skis Permanent press clothes  Hand lotion  Clothesline Dyes  Soft contact lenses  Shampoo  Panty hose Cameras  Food preservatives  Fishing rods  Oil filters Combs  Transparent tape  Anesthetics  Upholstery Dice  Disposable diapers  TV cabinets  Cassettes Mops  Sports car bodies  Salad bowls  House paint Purses  Electric blankets  Awnings  Ammonia Dresses  Car battery cases  Safety glass  Hair curlers Pajamas  Synthetic rubber  VCR tapes  Eyeglasses Pillows  Vitamin capsules  Movie film  Ice chests Candles  Rubbing alcohol  Loudspeakers  Ice buckets Boats  Ice cube trays  Credit cards  Fertilizers Crayons  Insect repellent  Water pipes  Toilet seats Caulking  Roofing shingles  Fishing boots  Life jackets Balloons  Shower curtains  Garden hose  Golf balls Curtains  Plywood adhesive  Umbrellas  Detergents Milk jugs  Beach umbrellas  Rubber cement  Sun glasses Putty  Faucet washers  Cold cream  Bandages Tool racks  Antihistamines  Hair coloring  Nail polish Slacks  Drinking cups  Guitar strings  False teeth Yarn  Petroleum jelly Toothpaste  Golf bags Roofing  Tennis rackets  Toothbrushes  Perfume Luggage  Wire insulation  Folding doors  Shoe polish Fan belts  Ballpoint pens  Shower doors  Cortisone Carpeting  Artificial turf  Heart valves  LP records Lipstick  Artificial limbs  Hearing aids  Vaporizers Aspirin  Shaving cream  Wading pools  Parachutes  If we completely eliminate the use of gasoline we'd save about 47% of our total petroleum consumption. If we completely eliminated the use of diesel fuel and fuel oil, I think we'd eliminate another 23% or so. It would just about take that to eliminate our present use of imported oil. Believe it or not, the US is still one of the largest oil producers in the world.  Unfortunately, a number of the products above are not only produced using petroleum, but are also manufactured through processes that require fuel oil. And of course this list doesn't directly name all of the urethanes, nylons, coolant mixtures and other products that are essential to the machines that produce the items on the list. Those products include things like rollers, conveyor belts, motor housings and parts, shielding, piping, etc. And of course it doesn't mention that even with those items that can be economically produced using electric energy, oil is often used to produce that electricity, both in the US and abroad.  When everything is said and done, I believe the primary problem is technology. In some cases viable alternative technology already exists. What doesn't exist is the ability to radically and immediately make the change. This is due to a number of problems, but the most significant one is the simplest-- money.  For automobiles alone, we have to consider the retooling costs for construction of these new vehicles. Then we have to consider the means by which fuels will be transported, stored, and distributed, which includes the equipment that must be built in order to make that possible. The expense isn't borne just by the auto makers, but also by shipping companies, fuel producers, trucking companies and truck manufacturers, and even gas station owners. Decades of innovations have produced products and systems that are relatively efficient and safe, but revolve around the use of petroleum. Now we're looking at newer technologies and require much the same level of refinement in order to be able to completely replace petroleum fuels. And we can't get that without incredible expenditures, all of which we (the consumer) eventually must pay.  We also don't want a situation where current investments made in good faith by Americans or others are simply legislated away. For instance, if the US government was to simply ban the use of petroleum products in all cars by the year 2010, those with investments in auto companies, shipping companies, and petroleum corporations would immediately see a significant drop in the value of their investments, primarily because at that moment, all of their present assets in machinery, employees and facilities would become liabilities, and the mission of the companies they were invested in would be, in lay terms, to spend money. It is concievable that any such legislation would cause such a rush to sell in those markets that it would collapse the markets. In such a situation, the only way to save a company such as UNOCAL, for instance, would be to place a hold on trading, but that doesn't necessarily mean that the remainder of the market wouldn't react in such a way as to lower the overall value of the total market. Either way, it's not fair to those who have invested in these companies in good faith.  The word is out. The petroleum supply is getting smaller. New technology has to be developed to replace it. But this has to occur over a broad market, including everything from cars to machinery to shipping to clothing to medical equipment. As the technology develops to make this possible, more and more of these products will begin to arrive, and the economic effect will snowball. But in order for that to occur, it has to develop slowly, so that the dollars required to make that development progress can process throughout the whole economic system. Again, not just in the US, but everywhere else.  This is something that is understood by many of the extremists in the Middle East. For them, full control of the majority of the world's oil supply means a last great stab at power. If they can grab control, they can not only enrich themselves, but they can also slow or even halt the economic progression of other countries, particularly those who do not meet their religious approval.  And you are seeing this in action, right now. This isn't a debatable thing. The attacks on Iraqi oil lines, the attacks on foreign workers in Saudi Arabia, the threats of piracy in Indonesian waters, the increased spending necessary for both countries and companies to secure their equipment and employees-- all take away needed funds for the development of new technologies. And all indicate the economic power which can be brought to bear by these people if they can take and control the world's oil reserves. The US and other nations are at the moment seeing a slowdown in economic growth, and in some cases, a decrease in growth and wealth, largely because of increases in fuel costs. And this is with Saudi production running as close to wide open as they can presently handle.  Reserves aren't production capacity. Iraq has far more in reserve, and even that it can pump, than it can physically deliver to port. The only way you can increase that volume is by constructing new pipelines, new pumping stations and new port loading facilities. Those are in the works. And if we have our hands on them, then US and foreign companies working to create new technologies have the economic stability necessary to develop them. If not, then the US has a fleet of ships, jets, tanks, APCs, etc. with no fuel to operate, and no fuel to keep the economic engine that drives the US in operation.  The change over is happening. But it's not and cannot be an overnight affair. Think of cell phones. When I was a kid they were huge. Now they're tiny. The difference is in battery cell technology. The same would hold true for electric cars. Changes in battery construction and capabilities have made it possible for electric cars to actually be a viable form of transportation. But we still have to use some type of fuel in order to initially power up those cars. If all of the US could convert to those or to hydrogen autos then we could actually run coal fired power plants in the US with scrubbers, and still have less pollution in the air than we do today. And we have more coal in the US than in any country in the world save Russia.   And if the people in the Middle East wanted to hoard their oil, continue to use petroleum technology because it was cheaper for them, more power to them. It wouldn't make any difference, because we'd be doing the same. But right now, that would put most of the rest of the world at their economic, and ultimately, military, mercy. And the extremists amongst them don't believe in that.  That's about it. I don't know what else to tell you. This is a race. And even though oil, and even money is a big issue, it's not matter of greed. It's a matter of survival. Believe it or not, we  need  this oil, and we need these profits, in order to actually make the change and remain stabile.  And those who we are fighting know this,  even if many in the US, don't. 
     
    


	 
       CASABLANCA, APRIL 16, 1946 (AP) - The Allies today opened the final campaign of the war in Europe, with a vast thre-pronged invasion into the last bastion of fascism in Europe.  Some 20,000 American troops embarked from French Morocco and hit the beaches of southwestern Spain near Cadiz and Seville, blasting their way 5 miles inland by dusk, in the face of stiff resistance. Meanwhile British bombers based off Gibraltar pounded Spanish military instalations far inland.  To the north, a separate Anglo-American invasion fleet, based in Marseilles and backed by battleship firepower, landed north of Barcelona. The city was partially in flames tonight, its cathedral spires toppled. Meanwhile, paratroops dropped inland. And Basque partisans, on signal from the Allies, siezed border posts in the Pyrennes and threw open their gates to Allied convoys from southern France.   History that might have been. Jose, my online friend from Spain, has reminded me that the Allied victory over fascism was incomplete in 1945. We left one dictator -- Franco -- in power. Though not an active combatant, he was as bad as Mussolini, if not Hitler, and the notorious caudillo was allowed to linger in power as a distant friend of America till he died of old age in 1975. Spain is still recovering from his scars, and the people of Spain, I have learned from Jose, are still bitter over this. It is part of the reason, I am told, they do not trust us, or support us, in Iraq.  We should have finished the job. What third way was there between that and dealing with Franco as an unpleasant reality? Isolate him and starve him out? The experience of Iraq teaches the impossibility of doing that to a tyrant. As the ultimate power in a country, he is able to gather in the resources and stay safe amid his inner circle, while the people who would oppose him suffer the most, and soon find themselves too weakened to mount resistance. Spain likely would have been no easier than Iraq to isolate, with its long and convoluted coastline and with willing smugglers in Portugal, North Africa, and Andorra.  But would Spain have welcomed a second D-Day? Air bombing in France during the war claimed an estimated 60,000 civilian casualties. Another 20,000 French civilians died in "other military operations" ("other" than the fall of France in 1940), largely associated with the liberation of their country from the Nazis (a liberation many French did not particularly desire).  Some 11,912 tons of bombs were dropped in Normandy on D-Day alone, to try to blast German resistance on the coast and inland.  The Allied bombings of railway yards alone in 1944 are said to have killed at least 3,411 civilians. The city of St. Lo was leveled by bombing to allow Patton to break out a few days after D-day, and the simultaneous Allied bombing of Caen is said to have killed 5,000 civilians in a day.   Robert Lilly, criminology professor at Northern Kentucky University, author of "The GIs' Hidden Face," estimates 3,620 rapes by U.S. soldiers in France from June 1944 to June 1945, based on military records he analyzed. Some accuse him of being an anti-American. I don't know if he is or not, but publishing this by itself does not prove it. In fact, it rather supports modern America's blundering but sincere bid to free Iraq, by pointing out that even the most lauded such efforts of history are attended by the inevitable tragedies and crimes of war.  So what do you say, Spain?
     
    


	 
       Bloody Wal-Mart customer who bought garbage bags charged with murder   NAPLES, Fla. (AP) — A man who walked into a Wal-Mart covered in blood and bought garbage bags Friday was charged with murder after authorities found a stabbed body in a trash bin.  Wal-Mart workers called deputies after a blood-soaked man walked into the store and bought some clothes, bandages and trash bags around 4 a.m. He paid with a $100 bill that also appeared to be bloodstained, they said, and drove off in a pickup. 
     
    


	 
       TAPPER:  Is it not also legitimate to question whether, however, you are doing the same thing you're accusing the U.S. government of doing? You fault Saddam Hussein for being a brutal dictator back in the '80s when the United States was allied with Iraq during the Iran-Iraq war, yet when it comes to the part of the movie where you discuss going to war in Iraq in 2003, that's not a part of the movie you talk about how brutal Saddam Hussein was.    MOORE:  Because people like you and this network and other networks over and over and over again told us that. Look, we all get it. We all know that. I'm just trying to present another side of the story. Why don't you think that's a good idea to have a filmmaker out there presenting a point of view and a side of the story that really wasn't well represented in our mainstream media?     urlLink  Michael Moore turning nasty on ABC News correspondent Jake Tapper,   who asks remarkably good hardball questions. [For a TV guy, I mean.] Moore is Saddam's Leni Reifstahl, but with less filmmaking skill.    ***   Right after 9/11, some of us thought it was impossible for leftist critics to undermine a war against fascists who were sexist, fundamentalist, homophobic, racist, ethnocentric, intolerant of diversity, mass murderers of Kurds and Arabs, and who had the blood of 3,000 Americans on their hands. We were dead wrong. In fact, they did just that. Abu Ghraib is on the front pages daily. Stories of thousands of American soldiers in combat against terrorist killers from the Hindu Kush to Fallujah do not merit the D section. Senator Kennedy's two years of insane outbursts should have earned him formal censure rather than a commemoration from the Democratic establishment.   What a litany of distractions! Words — preemption," "unilateralism," "hegemony," — whiz by and lose all meaning. Names — "Halliburton," "Chalabi," "INC" — become little more than red meat. Vocabulary is turned upside down: "Contractors," who at great risk restore power and water to the poor, are now little more than "profiteers" and "opportunists"; killers are not even "terrorists" but mere "militants." "Neo-cons" are wild-eyed extremists; "realists" are no longer cynics — inclined to let thousands die abroad unless the chaos interrupts transit of oil or food — but rather "sober" and "circumspect," and more likely Kerry supporters.   Victor Davis Hanson on  urlLink  "Year Three: Where do we stand in this disorienting war?"      ***   This afternoon I logged on to the CNN website and their major headline read "92 Iraqis killed". After reading the news report, I logged on to Al-Jazerah's website and guess what their major headline was? "3 American soldiers killed". This is what they ONLY care about, to see America fail. In fact, it is not just Al Jazerah, I am beginning to believe that the majority of Arabs/Muslims feel indifferent towards Iraqi deaths as long as the US sinks deeper in their perceived "Iraq quagmire". They don't give a dead rat's ass about Iraqis being killed on a daily basis by suicide bombings and arbitrary shooting. Their passion of "Arab/Muslim brotherhood" only explodes when few Iraqi civilians are accidentally killed by US forces. I am outraged at such hypocrisy and lies.    urlLink  Big Pharaoh   scores again 
     
    


	 
      Many people I read and respect in the Blogosphere have an attack-dog reaction to the name "Chomsky." But people who mock and dismiss him should read him first. They may find much that will have them nodding in agreement.  Chomsky's politics are execrable, and his world-view is warped. But one aspect of his spiel is a critique of media bias. And it's worth reading.   He does actually do something for a living, beside discover how Everything is America's Fault. He's a linguist, but not a nuts-and-bolts type who studies the structures of languages and how they evolved. You can read dozens of the best books on that topic (as I have) without ever encountering his name.  Chomsky's work is in a more theoretical realm: language as something that happens inside the human brain. He develops and tests theories about how grammar happens, on the subconscious level. It's really more psychology than linguistics, I think.  His observations about human behavior are often insightful. And he has studied the media carefully. And guess what? He thinks it's badly biased. So do a lot of people who don't agree with him about almost anything else. But while his opponents tend to regard media bias as a "given," an article of faith that doesn't have to be explained, Chomsky has carefully gone about explaining how it happens.  He writes ably about how the "elite media" set the agenda for the rest. By "elite media" he means generally the same set of names the rest of us do -- The New York Times, CBS, the handful of corporations on that plane.  Now, here's the rub: to Chomsky, these media are biased because they're  too conservative.  OK, when you stop laughing, please note that his analysis of the system, of the method by which the slant becomes institutionalized, is politics-neutral. It can as easily explain any sort of bias -- against the war, for white people, against religion, for cheap beer. It can even be applied to Chomsky himself, who is a media phenomenon.  The idea of "manufactured consent," which Chomsky rides hard in his writing on the media, likewise does not imply an ideology. He describes it like this: "We [i.e. the media] can make it [people's right to vote] irrelevant because we can manufacture consent and make sure that their choices and attitudes will be structured in such a way that they will always do what we tell them, even if they have a formal way to participate. So we'll have a real democracy. It will work properly."  I found this in a piece by Chomsky published by Z Media Institute in June 1997.   There is another sector of the media, the elite media, sometimes called the agenda-setting media because they are the ones with the big resources, they set the framework in which everyone else operates. The New York Times and CBS, that kind of thing. Their audience is mostly privileged people. The people who read the New York Times -- people who are wealthy or part of what is sometimes called the political class -- they are actually involved in the political system in an ongoing fashion. They are basically managers of one sort or another. They can be political managers, business managers (like corporate executives or that sort of thing), doctoral managers (like university professors), or other journalists who are involved in organizing the way people think and look at things.  The elite media set a framework within which others operate. If you are watching the Associated Press, who grind out a constant flow of news, in the mid-afternoon it breaks and there is something that comes along every day that says "Notice to Editors: Tomorrow's New York Times is going to have the following stories on the front page." The point of that is, if you're an editor of a newspaper in Dayton, Ohio and you don't have the resources to figure out what the news is, or you don't want to think about it anyway, this tells you what the news is. These are the stories for the quarter page that you are going to devote to something other than local affairs or diverting your audience. These are the stories that you put there because that's what the New York Times tells us is what you're supposed to care about tomorrow.  If you are an editor in Dayton, Ohio, you would sort of have to do that, because you don't have much else in the way of resources. If you get off line, if you're producing stories that the big press doesn't like, you'll hear about it pretty soon. ... So there are a lot of ways in which power plays can drive you right back into line if you move out. If you try to break the mold, you're not going to last long. That framework works pretty well, and it is understandable that it is just a reflection of obvious power structures.   OK, well, that's not quite right, but it wouldn't be Chomsky if he got it quite right. The New York Times sends out a wire item every afternoon slugged "AM-PAGE1-CONSIDER-NYT." It tells what the paper's top stories will be for the next day, and it goes only to subscribers of the New York Times wire, which is a different thing than the AP wire. But the AP also sends out its page 1 recommendations every day, and, with the exception of enterprise pieces that one or the other is working on, the list is essentially the same for the AP and the NYT.  I work as a copy editor for a small-city Pennsylvania newspaper (Dayton would be a good comparison). On nights when I sit at the wire desk, I read the wires and put together my "page one recommendation" lists, and pitch those stories at our daily budget meeting. I always have done this without reference to the AP and NYT recommendations. But it doesn't matter. My boss, the editor, always checks the AP tip sheet, and also looks to see what "the boys on 42nd Street" are doing in their newspaper, and no matter what I recommend, he adjusts his story choices accordingly.  The next day, we see the WaPo, NYT, Philly Inquirer, etc. And nothing makes my boss more pleased than to see that his front page design that morning is exactly like theirs. Same stories, same pictures, same placement. That proves, to him, that he has "good news judgment." It proves he belongs in the same league as the big boys. My pitching other stories, instead of some of those on the "recommendation" list, confirms my boss in the belief that I lack good news judgment. I don't want to make this personal, but I am pretty sure it's one reason he's never left me to run the newspaper on days when he's away.  So who is this boss? If you read down the posts on this blog you'll get a beginning of a picture. He doesn't read much more than what is on the newswires, but to him, there was no sane connection between Iraq and the terror attacks of Sept. 11, and therefore the war to overthrow Saddam was illegal and unjust. To him, stories about death and chaos and American failure in occupied Iraq are "what the readers want," and any other kind of stories are irrelevant.  But of course my boss would deny that his agreement with NYT coverage was evidence of a "bias," which, after all, is a word freighted with menace and subterfuge. He would deny that it is part of a systematic inclination in the media. Chomsky anticipates this, and anticipates the response.    They say, quite correctly, "nobody ever tells me what to write. I write anything I like. All this business about pressures and constraints is nonsense because I'm never under any pressure." Which is completely true, but the point is that they wouldn't be there unless they had already demonstrated that nobody has to tell them what to write because they are going say the right thing. If they had started off at the Metro desk, or something, and had pursued the wrong kind of stories, they never would have made it to the positions where they can now say anything they like.   And that's essentially correct. And it works as well to explain a "liberal" bias as a (presumed) conservative one. Even Chomsky says this, in discussing why this whole topic is taboo in journalism schools. "Again, it is not purposeful censorship. It is just that you don't make it to those positions.  That includes the left (what is called the left), as well as the right.  Unless you have been adequately socialized and trained so that there are some thoughts you just don't have, because if you did have them, you wouldn't be there." [italics added]  Of course, Chomsky also goes on to say, in this article, that the agenda-setting media  are controlled by corporations, and thus by a corporate structure that he compares to fascism. He goes on to say that this means the news agendas are set by wealthy, parasitic elites, to protect their interest. He talks about propaganda and world domination. He is Chomsky, after all. Along the way he makes the astonishing observation that, "The U.S. [before World War I] was a very pacifist country. It has always been."  But if you can peel away the paranoia and focus on the media critique, and the explanation of the system by which it happens, you can learn something useful from Chomsky sometimes.
     
    


	 
       urlLink  Medienkritik   reports on the German media's enthusiasm in drawing parallels between the American abuses at Abu Ghraib and the Nazi concentration camps. The Bush-Hitler comparison is so old it's hardly shocking anymore. But now "modern America = Nazi Germany" (so much for the paper distinction of loving Americans but hating U.S. foreign policy).  The blog cites an example from the conservative, mainstream  "Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung,"  writing about "a pile of naked men that reminds us of pictures from the concentration camps."  Overlook the fact that the concentration camp photos showed piles of  dead  bodies. Apparently that difference doesn't register in the German media. Overlook, too, the fact that the German media had zero interest in Abu Ghraib under the previous owners. Pictures exist from that phase in the prison's history. The only reaction I have to those of them I've seen is a line from Günter Grass: "I couldn't eat enough to puke enough."  But overlook it, because I will say, in Abu Ghraib, Americans got a glimpse over the precipice that leads to a Death Camp.  I haven't read many books more cold-blooded than Christopher Browning's "Ordinary Men" (1992). He tells of a group of average German civilians who mustered into the military as Reserve Police Battalion 101, shipped off to the Eastern Front, and methodically rode from village to village across the plains of Poland, marching the Jewish men, women and children of each place out to the woods and shooting them individually to death.  This book paints the horror with an everydayness that makes it the more horrible.  On their first assignment to kill Jews, in the Polish village of Josefow, the battalion's major gave his troops the option of "excusing themselves" from the task. Of the 500 in the unit, only about a dozen did so. They were not punished. The rest slaughtered 1,500 women, children and old people. They became one of Nazi Germany's most efficient extermination units; by the time Police Battalion 101 disbanded in late 1943 "the ultimate body count was at least 83,000 Jews."  [If this sounds familiar, but you haven't read Browning, realize that his research was a key source for Daniel Goldhagen's bestseller "Hitler's Willing Executioners."]  Browning's new book, "The Origins of the Final Solution," explores how the Holocaust came to happen. It was not Hitler's plan all along; it evolved. The racial policy shifted as the military campaigns in the East rolled up huge successes. There was no direct order from the Führer to exerminate. "But local commanders, whether SS officers or administrators in occupied territory, always sensed that more extreme action on the ground would find approval above them," a reviewer of the book observes. Hitler is portrayed as a leader who "filled the air with fearsome innuendo, but left it to junior figures to put into practice what they sensed he wanted -- and what they wanted too." In the end, "[t]he Wannsee Conference of January 1942 only made the German bureaucracy complicit in what was already being done."  Among Browning's revelations in the new book, one seems to have caught the eye of British reviewers, in publications that take a dim view (at best) of the war to overthrow Saddam. "The decisive impulse (to the Final Solution) was not defeat but the euphoria of victory in Russia, in the summer of 1941," a reviewer writes. "It was the sense that they were invincible which persuaded the Nazis that the genocide of Soviet Jews, which they were already carrying out, could be extended to the Jews of every nation they controlled."  Euphoria of rapid victory ... war crimes that begin with low-level decisions, implicitly sanctioned from above ... something seen at first even by Himmler as "un-German" becoming a fact, then a policy ... the mix of semi-professional soldiers with loutish tendencies and leaders willing to turn a blind eye to brutality.  Yes, it's there. The parallel is there. If you only look at it through a drinking straw.  Now put the straw down and look at the whole scene. What came before? In Germany, whole generations of demonization of Jews -- they were vermin, disease, the focus of a century of legal restrictions and social exclusion. This was approved in the churches, in the universities, and in the political parties of all stripes.  In the U.S., we have a welcoming culture that is aware of its own mongrel, immigrant origin. Some cartoonish Arab bad guys in a few Hollywood movies hardly are the equivalent of  Der Stürmer's  vicious blood-libels. Imams visit the White House. Courts uphold muezzin chants. After 9-11, in town after town, neighbors protected Muslim women who were afraid to walk in the street in their distinctive garb. The list goes on.  What came after? Were the American abusers sent off to the next prison, to continue their work? Were their bosses promoted and their leaders pleased? The criminals have been sacked and await punishments. The whole system has been shaken by the revelation. Civil and military tribunals convened, the chain of command exposed and scrutinized. Even though the recently released memos show Bush rejecting any interrogation methods that don't meet Geneva standards, the outcome of all this very likely will be the defeat of his entire administration.  The German fighting force of 1940 was the finest professional army in the world. And before it was over, even the proudest outfits had been tainted by war crimes. Americans are not better than Germans. American National Guard prison units from Pennsylvania are not inherently morally superior to German police battalions from Hamburg. What is the difference? Start with transparent institutions, free inquiry, a cultural sense of right and wrong that had not gone completely mad over a demonized enemy, and, yes, a media that is willing to expose crimes.  As  Medienkritik  goes on to point out, the German press probably should not push this line too hard. It could lead to some embarrassing comparisons.
     
    


	 
      "What is international law when you have the human rights commission in Geneva headed by Libya?" is one of the pithy lines from  urlLink  this interview with Adam Michnik,   the leading force in the Solidarity trade union movement who founded and edits Poland's largest daily newspaper.  Unlike many European liberal intellectuals, but like many Poles, Michnik was an outspoken supporter of the war in Iraq. He was interviewed by by Thomas Cushman, editor of the "Journal of Human Rights" and a professor of sociology at Wellesley College (and himself a liberal supporter of the war in Iraq), in Warsaw on Jan. 15. It appears in the online version of "Dissent" magazine, under the title "Anti-totalitarianism as a Vocation."  Here are some excerpts defining and explaining the "anti-totalitarian" justification for the overthrow of Saddam. I find that, though I have no direct experience of totalitarianism (a few weeks in East Germany hardly count), this resonates with me.    Adam Michnik:  I look at the war in Iraq from three points of view. Saddam Hussein's Iraq was a totalitarian state. It was a country where people were murdered and tortured. So I'm looking at this through the eyes of the political prisoner in Baghdad, and from this point of view I'm very grateful to those who opened the gates of the prison and who stopped the killing and the torture. Second, Iraq was a country that supported terrorist attacks in the Middle East and all over the world. I consider that 9/11 was the day when war was started against my own work and against myself. Even though we are not sure of the links, Iraq was one of the countries that did not lower its flags in mourning on 9/11. There are those who think this war could have been avoided by democratic and peaceful means. But I think that no negotiations with Saddam Hussein made sense, just as I believe that negotiations with Hitler did not make sense. And there is a third reason. Poland is an ally of the United States of America. It was our duty to show that we are a reliable, loyal, and predictable ally. America needed our help, and we had to give it. This was not only my position. It was also the position of Havel, Konrad, and others.    TC:  Yes, you specifically mention that this is a view you share with Vaclav Havel and Gyorgy Konrad.   AM:  We take this position because we know what dictatorship is. And in the conflict between totalitarian regimes and democracy you must not hesitate to declare which side you are on. Even if a dictatorship is not an ideal typical one, and even if the democratic countries are ruled by people whom you do not like. I think you can be an enemy of Saddam Hussein even if Donald Rumsfield is also an enemy of Saddam Hussein.  ...    AM:  It's simply that life has taught me that if someone is being whipped and someone is whipping this person, I am always on the side of those who are being whipped. I've always criticized U.S. foreign policy for forgetting that the United States should defend those who need to be defended. I would object to U.S. policy if it supported Saddam Hussein, and I have always criticized the United States for supporting military regimes in Latin America.   ...    AM:  Well, who was worse, Ronald Reagan or Leonid Brezhnev? If I were American I would never have voted for Reagan, but as a Pole, I liked the tough position of Reagan toward Brezhnev. Perhaps Reagan did not quite understand what he was doing, and maybe Bush doesn't understand either. But the facts are that, suddenly, Libya has begun to speak a different language. Syria has begun to speak a different language. Even North Korea has started to speak a different language. This is not to say that Bush is always right. Of course not. But you must see the hierarchy of threats, of dangers. I asked my French and German friends, Are you afraid that tomorrow Bush will bomb Paris? And can you really be sure that terrorists and fundamentalists will not attack the Louvre? So which side are you on?    TC:  So it's either-or ... you're either with us or against us.   AM:  Unfortunately, yes   ...   TC:  Throughout your revolutionary period, when you were fighting against communism, you always took a position of nonviolence. Now, in supporting the war you are advocating violence. Can you explain this? I ask this because many people in the United States admired you for your nonviolent stance against communism. But now they say, "Michnik advocates nonviolence, but he's supporting this war." Isn't it paradoxical to advocate the promotion of human rights through violent means? I realize that this is a difficult question.   AM:  No, it's a very easy one. I can't remember any text of mine where I said that one should fight Hitler without violence; I'm not an idiot. Against [Polish premier Wojciech] Jaruzelski you could fight without violence, even against Brezhnev. This is clear if you look at [Soviet dissidents] Andrei Sakharov and Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn. But never against Saddam Hussein. In the state of Saddam, the opposition could find a place only in cemeteries.   ...   TC:  Why are Western European intellectuals deaf to this moral argument?    AM:  Well, Hans Magnus Enzensberger, Bernard Kuchner, and others aren't deaf. It's related to why so many Western European intellectuals did not want to hear about Stalin's crimes for so many years.    TC:  They say that the intellectuals who support the war in Iraq don't understand that Saddam Hussein is not Adolf Hitler, and so on. I interviewed Jacek Kuron the other day and, as you know, he was against the war. He was critical of the idea that the fight against Saddam Hussein is the same thing as the fight against Hitler.    AM:  Well, it's obvious that Saddam is not Hitler. Pol Pot was not Hitler either. My fundamental question is, What would Saddam Hussein have to do for my dear friend Jacek to agree that he's as bad as Hitler? What more would he have had to do? Invade Poland and build gas chambers in Auschwitz one more time?   
     
    


	 
      "Dhimmi Watch" has a powerful work of prose by  urlLink  Hugh Fitzgerald   on the slow sinking of France and the willful blindness of the French to the trajectories of their present.   And you have friends who live in the south. And they tell you that the beurs – some call them maghrébins -- make life hell for everyone. They attack French children on the way to school. They vandalize cars. They threaten, and do more than threaten, anyone who is still foolish enough to walk out wearing a kippah or a cross. Whole areas of cities in the south, as in the north, and east, and west, have become off-limits to non-Muslims. In the schools, the teachers have lost authority. They cannot even cover the subjects of World War II, the Resistance, and the murders of the Jews as the state prescribes; they fear, with reason, the violent reaction of the Muslim students.   And as the schools become more and more dangerous for non-Muslim students and teachers, with more time and resources devoted to discipline rather than to learning, French parents and would-be parents are now silently factoring into their childbearing plans the present value of the future cost of what, they see, will now have to be added: private school tuition. And that means, of course, that those French people will plan on smaller families. And they will also be factoring in the growing cost, paid by them, those French taxpayers, for the whole expanding edifice of security, the guards in the schools, the guards at the train stations and métro stations and airports and at government buildings everywhere, the costs of keeping the gravestones from being vandalized, the costs of protecting the synagogues and the churches, the costs for all those tapped phones and agents in mosques, and subsidies to lawyers and judges to hear charges and try cases against Muslims, and the costs of monitoring da'wa in the prisons (more than 50% Muslim).   But the Muslims are indifferent to expenses incurred by the French state. France is part of the world; the world belongs to Allah, and to his Believers. That doctrine has remained immutable for 1400 years. Imam Bouziane, the one they keep trying to deport, had 16 children by two wives, all living on the French state: a representative Muslim man. Over time, the difference between average family size of Muslims and non-Muslims steadily increases. And, over time, the education system continues to disintegrate. Right now, perhaps, you cannot see it. Your children go to the best schools, followed by the best lycées. You vacation in Normandy, or Brittany, or the Ile de Ré. And you do not take the metro often enough, or walk in the right districts, or work in the right factories or offices, to understand what tens of millions of your fellow Frenchmen now have to endure. You, for the moment, are still immune, still willfully unaware. You have spent the last few decades learning about the Muslim world from Eric Rouleau, and his epigones (after they silenced Peroncel-Hugoz, the one journalist who reported the truth) in Le Monde. You are deeply-versed in the constantly reported-upon, endlessly dilated-upon, perfidy of the mighty empire of Israel. You know what we have all had dinned into us: that the Arab Muslims are reasonable people, with clearly-justified grievances, grievances so reasonable and so limited in scope, that justice demands they be satisfied. Everyone agrees on the “solution.” It is called a “two-state solution” and of course it is a “solution” for otherwise, of course, it would not have been called a “solution.”   And everything looks the way it always has looked: the linden trees, the river, the bridges, the réverbères, the étalage in the neighborhood boulangerie. Douce France, cher pays de mon enfance. At the end of the school day, chic mothers still congregate in little towns, or small cities, outside the school – this or that Ecole Jules Ferry -- waiting to pick up their children. Here come the littlest ones, from Maternelle, running up now -- just look at how small they are. And here are the CE1 group, with those huge cartables on their tiny backs. Run, run, run, to Mommy. Oop-la. And then the years of study, study, study marked by ever-larger cahiers -- "cahier" and "cartable" are the words that identify French DNA better than Piaf or gauloises, isn't that true? And now we will read the books, and study the subjects, set down so completely and precisely by the Ministry of Education. And now we are up to the final year, preparing for the Bac, with copies of blue-backed BALISES, guides to Les Châtiments and La Peau de Chagrin. And just look at the results listed in the newspaper: Claire-Alix has a mention très bien. Fantastic. Everything is fine, everything will always stay the same, whole countries cannot change. It’s not possible.   But it is changing, coming apart, quietly, slowly --let’s not look too closely, we mustn't pay too much attention -- the streets, the schools, the hospitals, the ability to speak the truth about things, about life as it is lived, la vita vissuta as they like to say in a neighboring country. Dominique de Villepin always knew there was nothing to worry about; he was born, after all, in Salé, next to Rabat, even spent a few years of his infancy there; of course he knows his Arabs, his Muslims. And surely Eric Rouleau, who for decades in Le Monde was the resident expert on the Middle East (he was so knowledgeable that he never had to so much as mention the teachings of the Qur’an and Sunna), surely he knew everything, didn't he? And those French translations of Edward Said that denounced with such passion the Islamophobia, and those vicious cliches with which the blind and rotting West has always caricatured the Arab Muslim world. Oh, we have been so terrible to the Arabs, we colonialists, we French, we Westerners. And then there is the never-ending outrage of Israel, that running colonial sore. Of course, they have every right, those Muslims, to come here to France. We went to their countries once, now they come to ours. And they have every right to hate us, don’t they?   
     
    


	 
        Waning empires. Religious revivals. Incipient anarchy. A coming retreat into fortified cities. These are the Dark Age experiences that a world without a hyperpower might find itself reliving. The trouble is, of course, that this Dark Age would be an altogether more dangerous one than the one of the ninth century. For the world is roughly 25 times more populous, so that friction between the world's "tribes" is bound to be greater. Technology has transformed production; now societies depend not merely on freshwater and the harvest but also on supplies of mineral oil that are known to be finite. Technology has changed destruction, too: Now it is possible not just to sack a city, but to obliterate it.     Niall Ferguson imagines a world without American hegemony, in  urlLink  "The End of Power"   in Monday's "Wall Street Journal." His conclusion? As if you couldn't guess from the reference to "dark ages." It's ugly.     The prospect of an apolar world should frighten us a great deal more than it frightened the heirs of Charlemagne. If the U.S. is to retreat from the role of global hegemon--its fragile self-belief dented by minor reversals--its critics must not pretend that they are ushering in a new era of multipolar harmony. The alternative to unpolarity may not be multipolarity at all. It may be a global vacuum of power. Be careful what you wish for.   
     
    


	 
      The  urlLink  Washington Times   is the only paper I've seen so far to report on the American victory over the Mahdi's Army. When the a-Sadr forces rose up in revolt, it was a top news story in the major media in the "We're Losing" category. When the revolt was put down, only a right-wing player like the WT bothered to cover it from the point of view of a Coalition success.   When the division got word April 8 that Sheik al-Sadr's uprising meant most 1st Armored soldiers would stay and fight, rather than going home as scheduled, it touched off a series of remarkable military maneuvers.       Soldiers, tanks and helicopters at a port in Kuwait reversed course, rushing back inside Iraq to battle the Shi'ite cleric's 10,000-strong army. Within days, a four-tank squadron was rumbling toward the eastern city of Kut. And within hours of arriving, Lt. Col. Mark Calvert and his squadron had cleared the town's government buildings of the sheik's so-called Mahdi's Army.   
     
    


	 
      You'll never guess what the buzz of the newsroom was yesterday (this was reported to me; I was mercifully off work). My fellow editors and reporters can't wait to see the new Michael Moore movie.  This is the same Michael Moore who gloats over (alleged) American defeat in Iraq and calls for the death of more American troops:    ... There is a lot of talk amongst Bush's opponents that we should turn this war over to the United Nations. Why should the other countries of this world, countries who tried to talk us out of this folly, now have to clean up our mess? I oppose the U.N. or anyone else risking the lives of their citizens to extract us from our debacle. I'm sorry, but the majority of Americans supported this war once it began and, sadly, that majority must now sacrifice their children until enough blood has been let that maybe -- just maybe -- God and the Iraqi people will forgive us in the end.    I told my friend to beware in speaking up about Moore. Not only will you find the rest of the newsroom edging away from you with suspicious stares,  urlLink  you might get sued.   Yes, the almighty Moore, who makes his meat off the freedom to say any stupid thing he likes, has threatened that, "Any attempts to libel me will be met by force," and so reviewers of his movie had better have deep pockets if they want to say anything bad about him.  Of course, that doesn't stop people like Hitchens from  urlLink  eviscerating the guy   (it's a big job) and the movie he made. Among the many holes Hitch punches in the movie-clown, I especially like this one:   In late 2002, almost a year after the al-Qaida assault on American society, I had an onstage debate with Michael Moore at the Telluride Film Festival. In the course of this exchange, he stated his view that Osama Bin Laden should be considered innocent until proven guilty. This was, he said, the American way. The intervention in Afghanistan, he maintained, had been at least to that extent unjustified. Something—I cannot guess what, since we knew as much then as we do now—has since apparently persuaded Moore that Osama Bin Laden is as guilty as hell. Indeed, Osama is suddenly so guilty and so all-powerful that any other discussion of any other topic is a dangerous "distraction" from the fight against him. I believe that I understand the convenience of this late conversion.   Meanwhile, the distributors of Moore's latest effort shamelessly "welcome" the  urlLink  assistance of a Hizbullah front-group   in distributing the movie in the Mideast.   The movie industry publication Screen Daily reported, "In terms of marketing the film, [distributor] Front Row is getting a boost from organizations related to Hezbollah which have rung up from Lebanon to ask if there's anything they can do to support the film."    Well, that's enough for me. I'll just mail my $7.50 directly to Hizbullah, and skip the middle man.   
     
    


	 
      People who supported the war did so for a melange of reasons, differing from person to person. Neither me nor any of the supporters I know did so because we bought the administration's line entirely. At times I was dubious of what even Powell was saying, I never liked Ashcroft, and I still think Cheney inhabits some cultish parallel universe.  To us, the fact that the administration messed up its case doesn't change the verdict we reached last year. But to many war opponents, this always was and always will be a domestic issue, not a future-of-the-world/clash-of-civilizations issue. To them, the connection or non-connection between Iraq and Qaida was all that mattered, because it gives thumbs up or thumbs down to the "Bush Lied" protest banner.  To me, that's a secondary issue; sure I'll take it into the voting booth (along with whatever John Kerry has to offer to prove he'll do better, which I still can't discover). To me, as I said, the interesting parts of the preliminary report were the degree to which Qaida  was  courting Saddam, which validates my fear, and the administration's pre-emtive response.  This was a dilemma. Our intelligence was flawed and weak. We didn't know a whole lot, and a lot of what we thought we knew was wrong. Intelligence-gathering in a democratic society is an inexact business: Americans are learning that this year. It's like baseball hitting: you know the pitcher is going to try to throw a ball past you, but you don't know exactly how. Or maybe he's faking it and plans a pick-off move. Either way, if you guess right one third of the time, you're considered to be doing great.  So do we want to live in a country that is ruthlessly efficient in snooping? If not, then we have to take a risk sometimes, and judiciously pre-empt without 100 percent certainty. The alternative is to be both nearsighted and naive in a jungle of a world. 
     
    


	 
        The 203rd Engineer Battalion, originally from Missouri, is helping reconstruct Iraqi schools: "As well as overseeing the contractors, the battalion's own engineers supported the effort by performing electrical, carpentry, and plumbing work," the soldiers instituted a quality control system on local contractors, resulting in great improvement in quality of work. Meanwhile, Yash Sinha, a first lieutenant in a New Jersey-based Army Reserve civil affairs unit had learned that "[t]he way to Iraqi hearts is through their sewer pipes." Says Sinha of his experiences: "The people were very friendly. They'd invite me for lunch, offer me tea. They were always courteous. They wanted to hear a lot of things that were going on in the outside world." Major Danny Hassig, of the 478th Civil Affairs Battalion stationed on the Tigris River in Baghdad has been restoring "essential services such as waste management, medical services, food distribution, education and transportation systems, to the area." "Sometimes it seems like the good news just doesn't get out. There is so much good news," says Hassig.   Just a sliver of the  urlLink  Good news from Iraq,   courtesy of Chrenkoff.  
     
    


	 
      Here's a  urlLink  scientific, academic study of media bias in the United States.   The methodology seems sound. The conclusion is that the media is far to the left of the mainstream, so much so that Fox News comes out, not as the conservative beast that my co-workers consider it to be, but the mainstream.  From the introduction:   Few studies provide an objective measure of the slant of news, and none has provided a way to link such a measure to ideological measures of other political actors.  That is, none of the existing measures can say, for example, whether the New York Times is more liberal than Tom Daschle or whether Fox News is more conservative than Bill Frist.  We provide such a measure.  Namely, we compute an ADA score for various news outlets, including the New York Times, the Los Angeles Times, USA Today, the Drudge Report, Fox News’ Special Report, and all three networks’ nightly news shows.    Our results show a very significant liberal bias. All of the news outlets except Fox News’ Special Report received a score to the left of the average member of Congress.  Moreover, by one of our measures all but three of these media outlets (Special Report, the Drudge Report, and ABC’s World News Tonight) were closer to the average Democrat in Congress than to the median member of the House of Representatives.  One of our measures found that the Drudge Report is the most centrist of all media outlets in our sample.  Our other measure found that Fox News’ Special Report is the most centrist.  These findings refer strictly to the news stories of the outlets.  That is, we omitted editorials, book reviews, and letters to the editor from our sample.   To compute our measure, we count the times that a media outlet cites various think tanks.  We compare this with the times that members of Congress cite the same think tanks in their speeches on the floor of the House and Senate.  By comparing the citation patterns we can construct an ADA score for each media outlet.    As a simplified example, imagine that there were only two think tanks, one liberal and one conservative.  Suppose that the New York Times cited the liberal think tank twice as often as the conservative one.  Our method asks:  What is the estimated ADA score of a member of Congress who exhibits the same frequency (2:1) in his or her speeches?  This is the score that our method would assign to the New York Times.  
     
    


	 
      "The majority of pacifists either belong to obscure religious sects or are simply humanitarians who object to taking life and prefer not to follow their thoughts beyond that point. But there is a minority of intellectual pacifists, whose real though unacknowledged motive appears to be hatred of western democracy and admiration for totalitarianism. Pacifist propaganda usually boils down to saying that one side is as bad as the other, but if one looks closely at the writing of the younger intellectual pacifists, one finds that they do not by any means express impartial disapproval but are directed almost entirely against Britain and the United States ...."   [George Orwell, "Notes on Nationalism," May 1945] 
     
    


	 
      From an article in "The Australian:"   "President George W. Bush also insisted Baghdad had a massive arsenal of weapons of mass destruction, but no such weapons have ever been found."   Except for that shell stuffed with the Sarin gas brew. Here Michael Moore sneers, "Oh, just one, big deal."  1. Sarin shells are like cockroaches; there's never "just one"  2. the U.N. resolutions that justified this war didn't set an upper limit on the number of banned weapons Saddam was allowed to have, so one shell puts him over the line  3. if you're a media outlet, such as "The Australian," you should know enough about words to know that any positive number -- even "one" -- is more than "zero," And therefore you can no longer say "no such weapons have ever been found" when some have, in fact, been found.  Unless, of course, you're more committed to your preferred version of reality than you are to the truth, in which case you belong in "1984," not in the newsgathering profession.
     
    


	 
      The USAToday story  urlLink  Insurgency boils up in Thailand   reports that:   In Thailand's deep south, the population is 80% Muslim. Militants have burned dozens of secular government schools, murdered Buddhist monks and attacked police posts.   Repeat after me: "T-E-R-R-O-R-I-S-T."  
     
    


	 
      The first bar fight I ever started was in the wildly mis-named Friendly Saloon in Ardmore in 1983. Some yuppie puke buttonholed me and declared that "the media lost the Vietnam war." I was a newly minted reporter at the time. It was mostly clutch-and-grab; there wasn't much room to swing anything and the bouncers moved fast. That was back when we did this job on typewriters.  Nowadays I'd probably just let him blab. I'm too disillusioned with the media to defend it at the risk of getting tossed from a good roadhouse.  We're biased, but it's not like you think. Media bias is not plotted and rehearsed. It's a natural outgrowth of the fact that people who gravitate to a career, and who get along well enough with the other people in that profession to make a lifetime job out of it, tend to see the world in the same tones.  For instance, major media are written with an essentially secular world-view. If your neighbor wraps his car around a telephone pole and walks away unhurt, the newspaper account of it might say he was saved by his seatbelt or you might read a quote from the township police corporal saying he was damned lucky. You won't read that his mother's daily prayer for his safe return moved God, who dispatched a guardian angel to the scene a split second before impact.  That's appropriate; people go to the media for a rational explanation of the world. Yet most Americans do believe in the efficacy of prayer and the reality of the supernatural. So the media deliberately breaks step with the reader's world-view, but most readers, I think, accept it in that case.  But a bias based on political position, or contempt for authority in general, is not, I think, what serves the media well. And I think it alienates readers.  After Sept. 11, for the first time, I found myself breaking from the media herd. Some of my peers felt the attacks were something we had earned. Many thought the Afghan invasion to overthrow the Taliban was a horrible crime against humanity, and they thought (hoped) it was doomed to fail. At least three of them took time off to march in anti-war protests.  There is an essential split in America today. On the one hand are people who think that 9-11 was a new Pearl Harbor, and it ushered in World War IV. And we should behave as a nation (if not a civilization) at war for its survival. On the other hand are people who -- well, I'm not one of them so I hesitate to say what they think 9-11 was, but suffice it to say they do not think it was a call to arms for Americans.  To the people who believe we are at war, the others will look like the enemy's useful idiots at best, like traitors at worst. To the others, my side will like like bloodthirsty sadists. I can parse the difference between being "against the war" and being "for the other side" (and some people ...cough, cough, michaelmoore, cough... clearly cross the line). I accept that you can be an honest pacifist, or can be angry about 9-11 but also be angry about invading Iraq, and still be a good citizen and an honest person.  But I don't think one of those views ought to rule in the major media of a free nation, to the near exclusion of the other view.  I've seen outright editorializing in news stories, and it is vile. But what I see more often is a continuous decision to play up certain stories, and play down or ignore certain others. Over the long run, this is more damaging. It's the kind of bias that doesn't jump out at you. It oozes, and most people never notice.  Specifically, I'm missing two things in all the media coverage I see from Iraq. The absence of them -- the choice not to cover them, or report on them -- reflects a media bias, if not against the war, against the administration that runs the war. And I'm afraid this will have consequences for that administration, and, more tragically, for the American and Iraqi people.  The first missing piece of the coverage is the Coalition soldiers themselves, along with their Iraqi allies. The Ernie Pyle style was so execrated by the Vietnam era correspondents that by now they seem to have tuned out entirely the fact that there are 138,000 or so U.S. soldiers in Iraq. I actually read AP "battlefield" stories during the Shi'ite uprising in May that went on for 30 inches or more, quoted al-Sadr militia fighters, quoted Mark Kimmitt back in the Green Zone, and didn't have a single word from a U.S. soldier about the fight.  I had a brief brush, earlier today, with some folks I used to chat with in an online discussion group. It was military history-based, and the news from them was that the topic has switched to Iraq, but they're as fractious about the present as they were about the past. My ally in there has been plugging away at the modern media the way she used to shell Lincoln.  I wondered if the guys there, who are at least nominally interested in military matters and history, feel cheated that their media didn't report that, in May, east of Amara, the Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders mounted an old-style bayonet charge.  It was the first British bayonet charge since before the birth of most of the soldiers who did it. They routed more than 100 al-Sadr thugs from mortar positions, killed at least 20, captured nine, and suffered only three injuries, none serious. With textbook British understatement, the official spokesman merely confirmed that the Mehdi army "took a pretty heavy knocking."   urlLink  Their local newspaper did a nice write-up on it here,   but I only knew about it from reading milblogs. Nary an article in AP or Reuters, that I saw. My gods, if I were a military reporter, I'd bite into this with all 32 teeth. This is the gem of a story that elevates a penny-a-liner into the history books. Why didn't anyone cover it but the local media? I guess there were no American women holding leashes. Now  that's  news.  Another great heroism story most people missed is the Salvadoran corporal who single-handedly held off a pack of attackers with a switchblade. To its credit, the AP did cover this one. The story was written by Denis D. Gray, and take a bow to him; he's done some of the AP's best work this year. But the editors back in New York didn't play it up at all in their budget, and consequently very few stateside media ended up running it. I didn't see it anywhere in print, in fact. Here's Gray's opening:   NAJAF, Iraq – One of his friends was dead, 12 others lay wounded and the four soldiers still left standing were surrounded and out of ammunition. So Salvadoran Cpl. Samuel Toloza said a prayer, whipped out his switchblade knife and charged the Iraqi gunmen.     In one of the only known instances of hand-to-hand combat in the Iraq conflict, Toloza stabbed several attackers who were swarming around a comrade. The stunned assailants backed away momentarily, just as a relief column came to their rescue.   "We never considered surrender. I was trained to fight until the end," said the 25-year-old Toloza, one of 380 El Salvador soldiers whose heroism is being cited just as criticism is leveled against other members of the multinational force in Iraq.   Secretary of State Colin Powell said recently the Central American unit has "gained a fantastic reputation among the coalition" and expressed hope that they will stay beyond their scheduled departure.   Phil Kosnett, who heads the Coalition Provisional Authority in this holy Shiite city, says he owes his life to Salvadorans who repelled a well-executed insurgent attack on his three-car convoy in March. He's nominated six of them for the U.S. Army's Bronze Star medal.   "You hear this snotty phrase 'coalition of the billing' for some of the smaller contingents," says Kosnett, referring to the apparent eagerness of some nations to charge their Iraq operations to Washington. "The El Sals? No way. These guys are punching way above their weight. They're probably the bravest and most professional troops I've every worked with."    And so on.  And of course 90 percent of the Coalition soldiers spend 90 percent of their time not fighting. Among the other things they're doing is interacting with Iraqis, building or rebuilding. Where's all that? Can you name three U.S. military people (lower rank than general) in Iraq? If you can, they're probably the Abu Ghraib idiots. Newsworthy, of course, but was that truly the only remarkable thing done in Iraq this past year? Why did our "New York Times" and CNN and "Washington Post" make Lynndie England a household name, but never mention Marine Capt. Brian R. Chontosh?     While leading his platoon north on Highway 1 toward Ad Diwaniyah, Chontosh's platoon moved into a coordinated ambush of mortars, rocket propelled grenades and automatic weapons fire. With coalitions tanks blocking the road ahead, he realized his platoon was caught in a kill zone.   He had his driver move the vehicle through a breach along his flank, where he was immediately taken under fire from an entrenched machine gun. Without hesitation, Chontosh ordered the driver to advanced directly at the enemy position enabling his .50 caliber machine gunner to silence the enemy.  He then directed his driver into the enemy trench, where he exited his vehicle and began to clear the trench with an M16A2 service rifle and 9 millimeter pistol. His ammunition depleted, Chontosh, with complete disregard for his safety, twice picked up discarded enemy rifles and continued his ferocious attack.  When a Marine following him found an enemy rocket propelled grenade launcher, Chontosh used it to destroy yet another group of enemy soldiers.  When his audacious attack ended, he had cleared over 200 meters of the enemy trench, killing more than 20 enemy soldiers and wounding several others.    Isn't he part of the story, too?  For that matter, our media constantly tell us the new Iraqi defense forces are no damned good, and showing endless reels of Iraqi thugs celebrating burning U.S. convoys. Did you read anywhere about Private Imad Abid Zeid Jassim of the Iraqi Civil Defense Corps?  “I was walking beside the Marine, then we heard gunfire, and I saw that the American Marine was shot. Then I realized it was just me and him, so I quickly started shooting at the enemy." Jassim's citation for bravery reads, in part:    "...[A]s the firefight ensued, under a hail of enemy fire that was accurately targeted on the wounded [U.S.] Marine, and without regard for his own safety, Private Imad Jassim moved forward into the enemy fire and came to the aid of the wounded Marine. He dragged the wounded Marine out of the line of fire to a covered and concealed position...reengaged the enemy...aggressively pushed forward...dislodged the enemy fighters.... His efforts clearly saved the life of the Marine...."    Isn't that part of the story, too? Isn't that part of what you need to know to decide whether the grand, messy experiment of "Operation Iraqi Freedom" is working, or not? Or whether the incumbent of the White House deserves the next four years to keep working on it?
     
    


	 
      The other story I'm missing from Iraq is the reconstruction. When we invaded Iraq we said we'd do three things: overthrow Saddam, install a responsible government, and get the country back on its feet again after years of neglect.  Yet the third "leg" of that mission is utterly AWOL in the news coverage. The AP-IRAQ budget story that moves on the newswire every single day always is topped with another RPG attack on coalition forces, or another IED blast that kills another U.S. soldier. Then you get a few paragraphs on political squabbling. Those are newsworthy, yes. But I want the rest, too.  Thi is not a pleading for "good news." It can be bad -- such as the number of hours the power still isn't on in some places -- but, please, tell me about it. It's just as important as Abu Ghraib. You do read about blackouts, of course, but the articles never offer the context that tells you the power's out because some fuckwits rained mortars on the grid again. And they focus on Baghdad, not the rest of the country, where power is, I am told, much better than it ever was.  Every once in a great while you'll stumble across a statistic, buried deep in a story, about the number of schools that have been rebuilt in the past year, the number of people who have clean drinking water for the first time in their lives. It's usually just a set-up to a "but" clause lamenting the tragic problems we've caused, or how much the Iraqis hate us.  This is bias by neglect. But there's an active element in the bias, too. It gets more clear to me with each twist in the news cycle.  The media reaction to the 9-11 Commission preliminary reports last week was so over the top -- and so flat-out wrong -- that I can only think the editors wrote the headlines before they saw the facts of the story (don't laugh, I had a boss in West Chester who used to do that). Somehow the editors saw the words  "no evidence that Saddam and al Qaida cooperated on attacks against the U.S.,"  and they read "no connection between Saddam and al Qaida."  On Thursday, the headline in the "Pittsburgh Post-Gazette" was,  Saddam, al-Qaida Not Linked. Sept. 11 Panel's Conclusion at Odds with Administration.  In the "Pittsburgh Tribune-Review," the banner headline read,  9/11 Panel Debunks Saddam Link. Report: No Evidence of al-Qaida Ties.  Our headline was,  9-11 panel finds no al-Qaida-Saddam tie.   I had another huge knock-down drag-out with a co-worker yesterday over that. I had to haul him back to the archives and show him the story we ran later in the week in which even the ranking Democrat on the 9-11 commission said the media was way off the mark on this supposedly complete refutation of the administration by the panel. Here's Lee Hamilton's quote:   "I must say I have trouble understanding the flack over this. The Vice President is saying, I think, that there were connections between al Qaeda and Saddam Hussein's government. We don't disagree with that. What we have said is what the governor just said, we don't have any evidence of a cooperative, or a corroborative relationship between Saddam Hussein's government and these al Qaeda operatives with regard to the attacks on the United States. So it seems to me the sharp differences that the press has drawn, the media has drawn, are not that apparent to me."   No, you probably didn't read that quote. Neither did my rival editor -- who happens to be the wire editor. He refused to believe me until I showed it to him. We buried that story on page A5, on top of the truss ads. I don't think one person in 100 who saw the banner headline on page 1 the day before read that corrective to it. And you know what the headline read, on the story that contained it? Not, "Kean, Hamilton agree with Administration on Iraq," not "9-11 panel spanks media." It read  "Bush defends Iraq-al-Qaida tie."   Meanwhile, the preliminary report demolished the received wisdom from the intellectual left that Osama, as a religious purist, would never dirty his holy hands by dealing with a secular fascist like Saddam. On Thursday, where were all those Wise Men who had pooh-poohed the suggestion that Osama would deign to work with Saddam? Were they muttering mea culpas and slinking away? Did they publish articles saying, "We didn't know jack about al Qaida"? No, the brazen fools had the audacity to stand right up there at the head of the pack, shouting, "Bush was wrong about Osama!"
     
    


	 
        IMAGINE if, on D-Day, the Nazis had been allowed to place camera teams on Omaha Beach — with our suffering soldiers forbidden to interfere. What if, on top of that, the Germans had invented American atrocities against French civilians — and our own officials defended their right to do so in the name of press freedom?   That's the situation with al-Jazeera in Iraq.   Staffed by embittered exiles and pan-Arabist ideologues — the last Nasserites — al-Jazeera is so consumed by hatred of America and the West that the network would rather see Iraq collapse into a bloodbath than permit the emergence of a democracy sponsored by Washington.   Despite his slaughter of a million-and-a-half Muslims in wars and campaigns of repression, al-Jazeera cheered for Saddam during Operation Iraqi Freedom, inventing Iraqi victories. Its staff reacted with horror to the fall of Baghdad — and suppressed film clips of celebrating Arabs.   Since then, al-Jazeera has glamorized Islamic terrorists (who, were they ever to come to power, would close al-Jazeera and butcher its staff) while portraying the Baathist campaign of murder and sabotage as a noble freedom struggle.   Al-Jazeera is so bigoted and morally debased that its reporters and producers delight in Coalition casualties, in dead Iraqi doctors and engineers and (above all) in dead Kurds.   Al-Jazeera not only encourages the assassination of American soldiers, but pulls out all the stops to excite anti-U.S. hatred throughout the Arabic-speaking world.   The response of our own officials in Iraq? Al-Jazeera is only exercising freedom of the press. Isn't that why we fought to bring down Saddam?   This is idiocy, a perverse political correctness based upon a rejection of common sense.    Read the whole glorious thing:  urlLink  Killers with Cameras  , by Ralph Peters of the New York Post. 
     
    


	 
       Someone sent my contractor-friend in Iraq a Washington Post article purporting to explain the situation over there. She sent it back in shreds. Here's a bit.   I found this article primarily worthwhile for what it left out. The passage below being a prime example    The CPA also lacked experienced staff. A few development specialists were recruited from the State Department and nongovernmental organizations. But most CPA hiring was done by the White House and Pentagon personnel offices, with posts going to people with connections to the Bush administration or the Republican Party. The job of reorganizing Baghdad's stock exchange, which has not reopened, was given in September to a 24-year-old who had sought a job at the White House. "It was loyalty over experience," a senior CPA official said   Well, Iraq doesn't have a stock exchange. Hasn't had one--  ever,  at least in any sense that Europeans or Americans or those in the Pac Rim would recognize. You don't find much free trade in countries where all the major industries are owned and controlled by the government. The only open Iraqi "stock" market consisted of around 35K worth of funds being traded on local ventures primarily by retired Iraqis with a little money to risk and time to kill on goat ventures. It's not a case of reopening or even reconstructing it. It has never closed, and it has never amounted to anything.   For a stock market of any note to be created in Iraq, it will have to be done from scratch. And where local investment is concerned, not only will the existing major businesses need to become at least partially privatized, but they will also have to become solvent. At the moment they rely primarily on foreign credit and US dollars, making them completely unstable for investment purposes. The best recognizable investment system that could be created at the moment would have to be established on a government bond basis. But this is difficult to do while insurgency is high and employment levels are low.  Iraq is a perfect example of why supply side economics cannot maintain itself in a stabile manner if anything goes wrong. It is a nation chock full of needs, but with no money to pay for them. In theory, it is an investors paradise, with millions of workers available for low wages and the same millions presenting a very attractive market for products. But it has a very worn out infrastructure and lacks the dollars to create a new one and the security to allow it to happen even if those dollars where there. If the people themselves had money, or even major holdings, investment in new businesses would be a breeze, because the demand could be instantly realized, something you can't do under supply side without the infusion of incredible outlays of cash and long delays.  Who has actually failed? Well, all us blood suckers, thousands of contractors working with thousands of Iraqis appear to be rogues. Or at least that's the way we're all presented. The nation is full of privateers and volunteers,  cowboys  if you prefer, from every nation you can think of. Why are they here? Well, some are here to provide aid. Others are here to rebuild entire regions that they feel are vital to the world historically. But most are here to make money. They've come into country, accessed the situation, and have determined it to be a good place to invest time and money. And that makes sense, because ultimately this country has sufficient wealth underneath the ground to make it into the capitalist society that Saudi Arabia could be, but hasn't quite ever achieved.  Unfortunately, this fact has also been recognized by another breed. That breed sees this country as a gold mine to enrich a few, fuel a radical terrorist stream of Islamic fundamentalism, and provide a stepping stone for bringing down free, non-Islamic nations. They have no recognizable sense of morality, no concern for any lives, religions, ideals or beliefs beyond their own, and no moral restrictions to gaining what they want. Opposing them they have those who have little and basically would just prefer to be left in peace, those who share just enough of their religious background to not see them as completely evil, those who have shown their greatest backbone by producing twisted up articles such as that you have posted, and then those rest of us, civilian and military, who understand the risks and the difficulty associated with building such a place as this under such opposition as we face.  ... Frankly, I would have stockpiled this country with US, European and Pac Rim stock brokers, and given every Iraqi $500 to spend. It would have turned Iraq into an economic free-for-all of epic proportions and shaken the entire Middle Eastern Islamic world to the core. Especially OPEC. But nobody in the world does that kind of thing. Not even the members of the UN. 
     
    


	 
      For most of his adult life, Keith Windschuttle believed the story of Aboriginal genocide and frontier warfare in Australian history. And why shouldn't he? Principal works of Australian academic historians assured him it was so. "I used to tell students that the record of the British in Australia was worse than the Spaniards in America." Then, in 2000 he was asked to review a book by a journalist who claimed an infamous 1926 massacre of Aboriginals never happened. Windschuttle investigated, and he came away convinced. "There were no eyewitnesses and no bodies found. The charred remains of bones at first thought to be of Aborigines shot and cremated were shown by forensic examination not to be of human origin. They probably belonged to kangaroos and wallabies. So-called 'massacre sites' were nothing but old Aboriginal camp sites. A list of Aborigines gone missing from the local mission, and suspected to have been murdered, turned out to be a fake, concocted by the white clergyman running the mission. Many of those on his list were recorded alive and well years later."  In  urlLink  The Fabrication of Aboriginal History,   he tells of confronting the historians who had lied to him, and others, for so long, for the sake of a social agenda.   In her book The Aboriginal Tasmanians Lyndall Ryan claims that British colonists killed 100 Aborigines in Van Diemen's Land between 1804 and 1808. Last year, on Channel Nine's program Sunday, Ryan confessed she didn't have any evidence for the figure. I had pointed out that the source her book quoted, the diary of the colony's chaplain Robert Knopwood, only recorded four Aboriginal deaths. Ryan, however, claimed that footnote was a mistake and her real source was a report by the explorer John Oxley in 1810. But if you look up Oxley's report, there is no mention in it anywhere of 100 Aborigines being killed. Pressed on the issue by journalist Helen Dalley, Ryan said: "I think by the way Oxley wrote that he seemed to think there had been a great loss of life from the Aborigines." Helen Dalley then asked: "So, in a sense, it is fair enough for [Keith Windschuttle] to say that you did make up figures? You're telling me you made an estimated guess." Ryan replied: "Historians are always making up figures."  Like everything else Ryan has said on this subject, however, this statement was not true either. All historians do not make up figures. To do so is a corruption of their profession. Historians must have evidence for their claims. And if they can't produce evidence they shouldn't produce figures. Ryan would have been more accurate if she had said: the historians of Aboriginal Australia are always making up figures. That statement would have been true.   The biggest single invention was made by Henry Reynolds in his book  The Other Side of the Frontier.  He claimed that 10,000 Aborigines were killed in Queensland before federation. The source he provides is an article of his own called  "The Unrecorded Battlefields of Queensland,"  which he wrote in 1978. But if you look up the article you find something very strange. It is not about Aboriginal deaths at all. It is a tally of the number of  whites  killed by Aborigines. Nowhere does it mention an Aboriginal death toll of 10,000. Reynolds gave a false citation for his evidence.   And so forth. Needless to say, America has its own versions (See the "Civil War" section, above right). 
     
    


	 
      OK, which great European political leader said this about the United States?   We have nothing against the American people. We know and respect their political views and internal affairs, even if we might do things differently. We believe we have the right to expect the same of American public opinion .... It is time to recommend peace and good sense. American public opinion is going the wrong way. It would benefit by returning to the old, tested practices of international courtesy and good manners.   [Answer: Goebbels, Germany, 1939]
     
    


	 
        The BBC: Sheikh Abdur-Rahman al-Sudais, from Saudi Arabia, who opened London's biggest mosque last Friday, is a respected leader who works for "community cohesion" and "building communities."  Not mentioned on the BBC: Some of the views of Sheikh Abdur-Rahman al-Sudais. In his own words: In the name of Allah, the Jews must be "annihilated." They are "the scum of the human race, the rats of the world... the murderers of the prophets, and the offspring of apes and pigs."   Tom Gross, on  urlLink  Living in a Bubble; The BBC’s very own Mideast foreign policy.     Back in February 2003, an Iraqi asylum-seeker living in Glasgow started e-mailing me, explaining his reasons for supporting the war. Over the past few weeks, my replies to him have been permeated by my hopeless, sullen mood. He has always been polite, even when we disagree strongly. But then last week, he snapped: "You can afford to despair. You aren't in Baghdad. You aren't in Basra. What do I say to my family [if I took your position]? Well thanks a lot for your support. The rest of us will keep on fighting for Iraqi democracy without you."   Johann Hari on  urlLink  Liberal despair won't help the Iraqis now; We need to support the majority of Iraqis. They want democracy.     Yet if the US Armed Forces were at least superficially suited to the Iraqi and Afghan campaigns, America singularly lacks a mechanism for swaying the hidden struggles which the War on Terror is now evolving into. Traditionally, the action space between a diplomatic protest and a Marine amphibious landing has been filled by clandestine action by the Central Intelligence Agency. But although that agency is supposed to have been revamped and strengthened after September 11, it is unclear whether it alone can bear the burden of the clandestine and twilight struggle within Islamic World. By charter and culture it fundamentally remains an intelligence gathering apparatus and not a secret army. America had a ready answer to Osama's direct challenge. But it is still evolving a response to the bid for power between vicious and still more vicious factions within Muslim countries.   Belmont Club on  urlLink  Phase 2     A NOTE to the beknighted editors at the Reuters news service:   Please don't dignify the monsters who committed this horrifying act by labeling them "militants." They took an innocent man hostage. They beat and tortured him. They demanded ransom. They ignored pleas for mercy from his family. Then, when their demands were not met, they cut his head off and posted the images on the Internet.  Nothing can justify such unrestrained cruelty. It serves no useful purpose, other than to strike terror into the hearts of civilized people everywhere.  Terrorists did this. Not "guerillas," or "rebels," or "dissidents," or "militants."   Let me spell it for you, in case you've forgotten: T-E-R-R-O-R-I-S-T-S.  When did that word become taboo?   Smash reacts to  urlLink  the coverage of the Paul Johnson beheading  .   * There is hope for a relatively free, peaceful and prosperous society in Iraq even though the situation is very difficult and the challenges are enormous,  * The support and assistance of the American people (as distinct from the US Government) is essential to the progress of the Iraqi people. The best hope of Iraq turning out well in large part lies in the support and commitment of the American people.  ...  * It is essential that we also support those Iraqis that are champions of a new Iraq and who are taking the initiative to improve the country in ways small and large. These people represent the future of the country and, in many ways, of the Middle East. By standing for freedom and a better life they are risking their lives    urlLink  Back from Iraq,   a Spirit of America update.
     
    


	 
       This was passed along by someone I trust. She's working with a contracting outfit that is doing the bulk of its work in waterway projects in the south of Iraq. She's wise and observant, and skilled at grasping big pictures through jungles of detail. I hope to post more of her work here.   I came here to do one job, which was basically to assist in producing and presenting an accounting of work that we have overseen or advised on, primarily for cost purposes. As one might imagine the government taking control at the end of the month wants a fair and full accounting of the U.S. and foreign debt that it and the later elected government will assume responsibility for. This has caused an increase in foreign workers coming into Iraq in the past few weeks.  My arrival seems to have coincided with that of many others, and radicals have stepped up activities in response. There is some indication that insurrgents have moved into areas and either driven away those normally there or in some cases forced by threats activities aimed against foreign workers. This is most evident where they have either buried explosives or intend to actually engage workers and security with guns. Some of it is pretty minor, but several workers were killed on the day I arrived, which delayed my departure from the airport several hours.   The general idea is to make any attack appear as large as possible. In one case, it appears that several busloads of residents from Fallujah traveled freely out of that city only to emerge later at the site of an explosion in Baghdad, protesting violently at the site against police and I believe some U.S. troops. Marines have detained several since that time reentering Fallujah, but it is very difficult to say any of them had anything to do with the explosion, or if they did, if they were forced to.  You probably have also heard of explosions along the major open oil pipeline routes. The locations do not directly impact the places where our company has been involved, though security in the south along the waterways and offshore stations has fallen underneath our oversight. Still, there are several pipeline sections that we are connected with that require security, as well as numberous other projects. For the moment, the Iraqi pipeline security that has been established, at first piecemeal and now as a bonified force of several thousands, may be shifted from some of our areas to others. This gives us some concern that not only lesser projects related to water travel and irrigation will be left vulnerable, but also major items including drinking water supplies. So even while we're trying to complete accounting for what has been already done, we're trying to secure it. There are a lot of dollars being blown right now by bad people working on the cheap, and some things will have to change.  Marines changed tactics around the Fallujah area shortly after they withdrew. They have concentrated on the areas off the major roadways that feed that area and continue on into Baghdad while the Army has increased patroling the roadways themselves. This has been done in an effort to reduce the movement of weapons and explosives as well as to catch those moving them. So many of the attacks at this moment are felt to be actually "local" in nature, meaning the supplies used are literally coming out of the neighborhoods where they occur. This would sound ridiculous in any other place, but in Iraq, weapons are literally buried all over the place. The same movements are being done further south by the Army, where US and coalition forces are concentrating more on the areas outside of the cities where they can use their equipment to greater advantage, particularly at night when these people seem to prefer to move. The British sector has been able to do this for quite some time, primarily because the built up areas they are responsible are small, even compared to their number in relation to the US, and are arranged in a relatively narrow corridor. They also have substantial international assistance offshore.  Of course all this indicates a movement of US troops outside of the city centers. The security for those is slowly being passed to Iraqi troops and police, in some locations more quickly than in others. Most likely you've been told nothing good about Iraqi troops and police, and it is true some have been worthless, or at least too weak to do their jobs. The police in particular have major difficulties being left to deal with insurrgents, so at the moment they're all getting a bad rap. But at the moment they are under equipped, most don't even have cars, automatic weapons, flak jackets, or radios. On the other hand, these things are coming to them, if slowly. They are also increasing in number, and the army is growing in size and equipment as well.  There is a growing idea here that if the coalition can control the movement of weapons and insurrgents coming into the cities that the police and the Iraqi army can finish building themselves up. And even if it requires the assistance of some of the various militias established by many clerics, they can drive out the last of the Baathist hardliners as well as foreign terrorists and their Iraqi supporters. This means door to door if necessary.  This may be necessary. But the Iraqi's themselves can do this and get away with it while the US and others cannot. The US would primarily serve to catch the rats as they were driven from the cities.  So at this point, the questions involve the strength of the Iraqi military and police, the resolve of the Iraqi leadership and their ultimate influence, the ability of these terrorists to hide themselves or escape, and the desires of the bulk of Iraqis themselves for either peace or war.  The press, of course, will get lost in all of this. It's easy to beat up on the US, especially if you hate the administration. But it's pretty difficult to completely reverse course and suddenly back the Iraqi people when they are fighting the same problems the US is. Our feeling is that they will present it all as an Iraqi civil war with the US presiding over the whole thing. But that will take the level of dishonesty you've presented above cubed. The membership in the present government is incredibly diverse, as is the Iraqi army, police force and industrial security force. Eventually the world press isn't going to just be laughable, it's going to be it's own bonified political party.  I admit that much of this is second hand and even third. But considering the time in country and the connections, I'd give it some consideration.  
     
    


	 
      From  "The Guardian"  this week:   A 15-year-old Muslim girl yesterday lost her high court battle for the right to wear strict Islamic dress to school.   Shabina Begum has not attended Denbigh high school in Luton since September 2002 when she was sent home for turning up in a jilbab -- the full-length gown worn by many Muslim women that covers all of the body except the face and hands.   Shabina's claim that she had been "constructively excluded" from her school was dismissed by Mr Justice Bennett. He said the school's refusal to let her wear the jilbab did not breach her right to education and freedom of religion as laid down in the European convention on human rights.   The school, a 1,000-pupil comprehensive where almost 80% of pupils are Muslim, said it had a flexible uniform policy to ensure that the religious and cultural sensitivities of its students were respected. Girls have the option of wearing trousers, skirts, or a shalwar kameez (trousers and a tunic).   The newspaper doesn't report, however, that Begum's lawyer, Yvonne Spencer, said the real reason the girl objects to wearing the shalwar khameez (and the reason the school approved it as uniform) is that Sikhs and Hindus also wear it.  The battle is, on that level, part of the bid by the radical Islamist minority in Europe to militantly resist anything that smacks of assimilation, and to remain an aggressive "pure" community within the secular West, with a goal of ultimately controling the nations to which they immigrate. This is arguably a breach of the compact under which people immigrate into other nations.  The notorious Britain-based Islamist group  urlLink  Al-Muhajiroun   makes this clear on its Web site:   Our role is not to integrate or become part of the kufr (non-Islamic) culture or man made system! How could, for example, a practicing Muslim don an English football team shirt which clearly displays a Christian Cross stained in red, a symbol which if worn by a Muslim knowingly, could take him out of the fold of Islam? Similarly how can a Muslim, in the same breath, support and give allegiance to the Queen when in Islam we know that the first action we do when we become Muslim is to reject allegiance to anyone other than the Creator of Man, Life and Universe i.e. Allah (swt) solely and without any partners? It is therefore impossible for a Muslim to emulate the disbelievers in their actions, behavior and even in their dress code. Rather it is incumbent upon the Muslims to invite the society to leave the falsehoods that they carry and call them to Islam as the only acceptable way of Life (to God).    On the other hand, the European crackdown on Muslim girls' headscarves (similar cases have come up in France and Germany) seems like picking on an easy target, when the same nations allow hate-spewing Islamist preachers, like those associated with Al-Muhajiroun, to work and flourish among them, often without even the veneer of a legal immigration. I don't think a piece of cloth on a 13-year-old girl is going to be what drags down Europe in the next generation.  In fact, I suspect the fixation in parts of the West with "liberating" Muslim women everywhere from their traditional headscarves is rather blind and patronizing. Not every aspect of a culture is or ought to be exportable. In intruding into the Islamic world, we ought to be sensitive in distinguishing what is universal in Western culture (democracy and freedom, human rights) from what is relative (ways of dressing). We should stop telling Muslims how to dress, for crying out loud.  My experience, from researching 18th century Pennsylvania Quakers to seeing Catholic school girls on my street, is that clothing designed to be deliberately modest and undifferentiated will soon be fully sexualized and expressive. It's a cooperative work of the wearer and the gazer, but soon enough the nuances of how a black woollen fabric is stitched, how a pleat is folded, can convey or arouse as much desire as pink Lycra hotpants and FMPs. In fact, as in the case of the Japanese schoolgirls, the uniform itself can become a raging sexual fetish.  From what I read, this is true even in the Wahhabist paradise. Though flowers themselves are condemned (see below), human beauty finds a way to bloom.  urlLink  A British expat in Saudi observes,   "The dress code has its uses, hiding a bad hair day in the heat or concealing a full-blown pregnancy. And never let it be said that there is no hierarchy of fashion: catch any well-to-do Saudi woman with a good figure to show off and you will notice that her abaya has a cut that is a touch more body-skimming than is usual, the cloth will be silk and embroidered and, yes, her heels will be vertiginous and her bag genuine Gucci."   Change comes gradually, and on a societal level. A few American woman reformers in the mid-19th century took to wearing loose pants -- the original "Bloomers" -- in rebellion against heavy layers of skirts. Their appearance was scandalous, and several were arrested. Eventually they gave it up because when they got up to speak about women's rights or slavery or cruelty to animals or temperance, all everyone did in the audience was stare at their legs. Conservative resistance, then as always, appealed to religion and God-ordained decency.  Some sensible modern-day American women want to know why they can't bare their breasts on public beaches or in parks. It's a good question, considering the women who wish to do this, in most of the cases I have noticed, have chests less visually startling (and less tumescent) than many legally topless men on my block. But U.S. society isn't ready for that, especially when you consider the effect on the unprepared male libido. A radical view might just say, "to hell with the men, they'll just have to get used to it." But it's not that simple. People have to live with one another in peace or we're not a community.  A constant, unspoken negotiation between genders goes on over generations in any given society. Women in the United States did eventually wear pants (millions of women entering the work-force in World War II had something to do with it) so that now pants on a girl elicit no comment. The gradual acceptance of bare navels can be measured in TV censorship from 1964 (Barbara Eden, concealed) to 1972 (Cher, revealed). Breast-baring will not come all at once, but the barrier is shifting slowly, in simpler, more easily agreed upon fronts (::rimshot::) like feeding one's infant in a car on the highway or in one's workplace.  In most things I'm for letting the Islamic world and its many cultures make its own growth and change, at its own pace. To force it to do otherwise, it seems to me, is to be little better than Al-Muhajiroun in its effort to "invite the society to leave the falsehoods that they carry" and turn them to "the only acceptable way of Life."   Fundamentalists of any religion, including the secular religion, always will be there to carry on that futile work. I'll leave them to it, up to the point where they turn to coercion.
     
    


	 
      I'm glad to see that I'm not the only person disturbed by the pleas for help in the  urlLink  Frank Gardner story.   I'm even more pleased to see that a reaction almost exactly like mine came from Egypt, on  urlLink Big Pharaoh's   blog.   I have to admit that I personally would have run to rescue this poor fellow upon seeing him bleeding. The fact that he is Muslim would not concern me. But why did he say such words? What made him think that Muslims would "care more" if he's one of them?  I guess the answer lies in the rotten social fabric of Saudi Arabia where little children are taught that they are the most valued by God and others were simply created because God found some free time to do so. Islam is the only religion allowed in Saudi and no other faith is tolerated. Non-Muslim expatriates who dare to practice their faith in their private apartments are arrested. US soldiers who headed to the Gulf during operation Desert Storm were advised to hide their cross necklaces lest they "offend" their Saudi hosts.  
     
    


	 
       urlLink  From the Lebanon Daily Star:     Two weeks before the Khobar rampage, a Saudi friend forwarded me a copy of a fatwa, or religious ruling, issued by senior clerics. The fatwa banned the giving of flowers when visiting the sick in the hospital. The ruling observed: "It is not the habit of Muslims to offer flowers to the sick in hospital. This is a custom imported from the land of the infidels by those whose faith is weak. Therefore it is not permitted to deal with flowers in this way, whether to sell them, buy them or offer them as gifts."  
     
    


	 
      Thursday we ran a 42-point head over four columns above the fold on A-1,  "9-11 panel finds no al-Qaida-Saddam tie."  [It would have been bigger, and higher, but a brutal murder of a local infant topped the page that day.]  But the lede says the panel reported "that there did not appear to have been a  'collaborative relationship'  between al-Qaida and Saddam Hussein." It also said the panel found "no credible evidence that Iraq and al-Qaida  cooperated on attacks against the United States. " [italics added]  Headlinese is the business of using the shortest words possible, and I suppose it is ethically safe to use "tie" when you mean "collaborative relationship." But with the report acknowledging "repeated contacts" between the two throughout the '90s, I do have to wonder, in headline math, how many "contacts" it takes to make a "tie." it would be even more accurate, and perhaps more interesting, to say "Panel: Osama sought Saddam's help."  So Saddam wasn't behind 9-11. I never believed that. Bush never said it. Today (Friday), buried on A-5, is an article in which the commission members respond to that morning's media orgy of headlines that say essentially, "Panel contradicts Bush." They emphasize that they DID find "contacts" between Al Qaida and Saddam. Even the panel's reigning Democrat, Lee Hamilton, went so far Thursday as to say the media-magnified clash between the administration's words and the commission's report was "not that apparent to me."  [The full Hamilton quote: "I must say I have trouble understanding the flack over this. The Vice President is saying, I think, that there were connections between al Qaeda and Saddam Hussein's government. We don't disagree with that. What we have said is what the governor just said, we don't have any evidence of a cooperative, or a corroborative relationship between Saddam Hussein's government and these al Qaeda operatives with regard to the attacks on the United States. So it seems to me the sharp differences that the press has drawn, the media has drawn, are not that apparent to me."]  In fact, what was most interesting to me in the commission's staff report Wednesday was that it demolished the old canard that Osama, as a religious purist, would never dirty his holy hands by dealing with a secular fascist like Saddam. This was received wisdom on the intellectual left, and I also accepted it until about the time the war began and I began questioning everything I had learned from that side.  You might think it would be Saddam, hemmed in by sanctions and no-fly zones, who would reach out to the free-ranging Islamists for an alliance. But instead, as the report tells it, it was Osama who made "systematic efforts" to work together with Iraq, asking for ground for training camps and help getting weapons. It was a courtship in the early stages. Thank the gods -- and the United States -- that it never was consummated.  Instead, America get "reporting" like this, from John Roberts of CBS:   It is one of President Bush's last surviving justifications for war in Iraq, and today, it took a devastating hit when the 9-11 Commission declared there was no collaborative relationship between Saddam Hussein and Osama bin Laden. ... Those repeated associations left the majority of Americans believing Saddam was involved in 9/11, but the commission today put the nail in that connection, or for that matter, any other al-Qaida acts of terror against America, declaring, 'There is no credible evidence that Iraq and al-Qaida cooperated on attacks against the United States.' The report is yet another blow to the president's credibility as he struggles to find the exit door in Iraq and opens him up to new criticism on the wisdom of taking on Saddam with al-Qaida's leadership still at large.  
     
    


	 
      A  urlLink  CBC headline   claims that " 'Improvised defence' cost lives on Sept. 11: report"  I haven't read the report in detail, but nowhere, anywhere, in the CBC news story or any other story I've seen, does it say anything like that. As I skimmed today's releases from the 9/11 commission, the criticism was aimed at the FCC for not alerting the "defence" forces sooner. By the time the fighter jets scrambled, everything that was going to hit its target had already done so.  Improvised defense, yes. But how did it cost lives? Which lives? The only hijacked plane that had a chance in hell of being intercepted was Flight 93, the one that went down in western Pennsylvania. And those lives were all lost either way. Thanks to the heroics of the passengers, no one who wasn't on that plane died in its fall.  If the passengers had not done what they did, it's likely that that plane would have taken out the Capitol (or possibly the White House). The  urlLink  New York Times story   makes this explicit:   Had Flight 93 not crashed in Pennsylvania, it would have arrived in the Washington area 10 to 20 minutes later, the staff report said.   "There was only one set of fighters orbiting Washington, D.C., during this time frame," the report said, referring to a pair of F-16's from Langley Air Force Base in Virginia. "They were armed and under Norad's control."  But they had not been told that they were authorized to shoot down an aircraft, contrary to what Vice President Dick Cheney thought at that time. In fact, the report noted, "the Langley pilots were never briefed about the reason they were scrambled" and did not know that the vice president had ordered that a Washington-bound hijacked jet be shot down.  
     
    


	 
      Grim headlines sprout atop the story of the coalition-commissioned poll of 1,093 Iraqi adults in six cities — Baghdad, Basra, Mosul, Diwaniyah, Hillah and Baquba — taken May 14-23. "Disturbing" (Fox News), "Gloomy" (Business News). It is disturbing and gloomy. The numbers are way too high for my liking and for the safety of our troops. But is it really the stark proof of failure that the AP, reporting with undue malice, paints it to be?  The AP isn't kind enough to break down the numbers by city or ethnicity (which may be lacking in the poll itself, as they obtained it), but based on what it does report, the pollsters didn't talk to a single Kurd, who comprise about 15 percent of Iraq's population.  According to the AP, 55 percent of Iraqis reported to the pollsters they would feel safer if U.S. troops immediately left. This is said to indicate a big tumble in Iraqi affection for their liberators, and the AP links it to the Abu Ghraib scandal.  But for comparison, look at the  urlLink  USA Today/CNN/Gallup nationwide poll of 3,500 Iraqis, taken in late March and April,   before the scandal broke big.  In answer to that poll's question, if the Coalition left today, would you feel more safe or less safe, only 40 percent said "more safe" or "no difference." But in the Kurdish areas, only 5 percent said "more safe." In Baghdad, meanwhile, at that time 47 percent said "more safe" or "no difference." When you factor out the Kurds, the gap between the old poll and the new one closes considerably.  Bear in mind, too, that the earlier poll was not limited to cities, and the later one was. The direct experience of violence involving Coalition troops likely is greater in cities than in the countryside, whereas the degree of rebuilding and improvement is probably measurably greater, at this point, in rural areas than in urban ones.  And of course, it's always possible that the Iraqis now say they would feel "more safe" without the Coalition around because they have more confidence in the local police and military, which would mean the Coalition is doing its job. The AP article even mentions that this confidence seems to be apparent in the new poll. But it keeps that news far from its reporting on the "more safe or less safe" question. That would seem too much like "good news."  According to the new poll, "Ninety-two per cent of the Iraqis said they considered coalition troops occupiers." In the March/April Gallup poll, that figure was only 71 percent. However, in answer to the "occupiers or liberators" question, back in March and April 82 percent of Baghdadis said occupiers; in Shi'ite areas and Sunni areas it was 80 percent. (In Kurdish areas, it was only 1 percent.) Once again, the gap is less than it looks, if you equalize the samplings in the two polls.  This question is a false dichotomy anyhow; the U.S. and coalition troops certainly can be seen as both occupiers and liberators. The Gallup poll was nuanced enough to phrase the question to allow for this: "Do you think now of Coalition forces mostly as occupiers or mostly as liberators?" Without knowing the exact phrasing of the new poll's question, it's difficult to compare, again, but the AP article seems to indicate it was offered as a straight "either/or" proposition.	  Without knowing which percent of the latest poll came from which cities (Basra, Diwaniyah, Hillah are Shi'ite, Baquba is Sunni Triangle and Mosul is mostly Sunni), it's hard to make a direct comparison, but clearly if you lop off that overwhelming positive response from the Kurds and rachet up the total negative answers from the March-April poll, the change is not as great as it first appears.  Here's another bit of warped AP reporting:  	 Anger at Americans was evident in other aspects of the poll, including a rapid rise in popularity for al-Sadr, the Muslim cleric who has been leading insurgents fighting U.S.-led coalition forces.	  	 The poll shows more people supporting Sadr. This much we agree on. But how does the AP get off calling that "evidence" of "anger at Americans"? Since half the cities are in Shi'ite areas, it could as easily, it seems to me, indicate people looking over their shoulders at Sadr's gunmen walking through their neighborhood, and giving the "right" answer.
     
    


	 
      This has been out there for a while, but it's worth a read:  urlLink  Faith, Shame, and Insurgency: Life in occupied Iraq    Steven Vincent, a New York-based freelancer, went to Iraq late last year to report on life  after the fall of Saddam. He stayed in Baghdad from mid-September to late October, and took a four-day trip to Basra. Then he published this account in  "Reason,"  a monthly whose editorial staff was against the Iraq war.   Although my experiences were by no means exhaustive, I feel confident that they were intense and profound enough to offer a valid perspective on the state of Iraq today. I spoke to cab drivers, Islamic clerics, waiters, Western journalists, American and British soldiers, anti-war activists, human rights activists, Iraqi housewives, employed and unemployed academics, children, U.S. government officials -— as close to a full panoply of current Baghdad life as I could. What I saw and heard surprised, delighted, and horrified me in ways I could never have predicted.   Along with some telling, and damning, observations on the European and Arab-language media, he confronts his editors with the ultimate Big Question. On behalf of the Iraqis he met, he poses the question for the self-righteous anti-war editors, "for the specialists in the art of uncovering lies and punishing the liars, for the men and women who are solidarity incarnate, humanism incarnate, justice incarnate, fair-play incarnate, and truth incarnate."   And when Iraqis come to you and say "We Iraqis believe that the refusal of France and Germany to offer us help, and the promised departure of Spain, are a catastrophe," I'd like to know what you propose to tell them. Will you make them read your interminable articles, columns, fillers on the lies of José Maria Aznar? Will you make them listen to your jeers, wisecracks, and guffaws concerning Bush and Blair and the threat of WMD? Do you intend to show them the headlines of France's five top dailies during the Iraq war, 29 of which were critical of Saddam Hussein and 135 of which lambasted George Bush and his allies? Will you distribute 10,000 copies of Bertrand Le Gendre's pre-war piece reassuring French readers that the American president's "horror vision of Irak [as a place with an inhumane prison system] is not totally false, but it is simplistic"? Will you make them read every article droning on about every supposed sin in American society?   Go ahead! Tell them that the world's number 1 enemy is America and its society! Go ahead, and tell them that the coalition was wrong in invading Saddam Hussein's Iraq! Go ahead, tell them that they, and the world, are worse off than they were before! Tell them that Bush and Blair and Aznar are despicable liars! Tell them that starting the war and overthrowing Saddam was illegal! Tell them that a UN plan would have saved them and brought about a palatable solution for all! Tell them that you are the ones who embody peace, and truth, and justice, and brotherhood, and love among all mankind! What are you waiting for?! Go ahead! Tell them!    
     
    


	 
       urlLink  This letter-writer   to the Daily Dish has a suggested alternative poll for Iraqis. Here's an abbreviated version:   1. If you could leave tomorrow, would you like to move to the U.S.A.? 2. If you could choose another country to temporarily occupy Iraq to rid your country of a barbaric regime, would you have picked a country other than the U.S.A.? 3. If yes to no. 2, what other country would that be? 4. How confident are you that the U.S.A. will end its military occupation of your country when asked to do so by your government? 5. Do you believe it is (a) a bad idea, (b) a good idea or (c) a great idea for Iraq to have a treaty with the U.S.A. guaranteeing that country's full military support in the event you are ever attacked by one of your neighbors after the U.S.A. ends its military occupation? 6. Do you want Saddam Hussein restored to power? 7. Do you wish Uday or Qusay were still alive and could stand for election in your country next January? 8. Do you believe the American people have (a) positive opinions or (b) negative opinions about the Iraqi people? 9. Is the opinion of the American people about the Iraqi people important to you? 10. Do you believe the American people are right to sacrifice its sons and daughters to to rid your country of Saddam Hussein and try and help you become a functional society? 11. If the situation were reversed, and the U.S.A. were governed by Saddam Hussein, would you have been willing to sacrifice even one of your countrymen to help the U.S.A. get rid of him?  
     
    


	 
        June 16, 2004 -- THE video only lasts four minutes or so — grue some scenes of torture from the days when Saddam Hussein's thugs ruled Abu Ghraib prison. I couldn't bear to watch, so I walked out until it was over.   Some who stayed wished they hadn't. They told of savage scenes of decapitation, fingers chopped off one by one, tongues hacked out with a razor blade — all while victims shriek in pain and the thugs chant Saddam's praises.   Saddam's henchmen took the videos as newsreels to document their deeds in honor of their leader.   But these awful images didn't show up on American TV news.     urlLink  Deborah Orin, at the New York Post, on "REPORTING FOR THE ENEMY"   
     
    


	 
       urlLink  Coalition Provisional Authority press conference transcripts   can be found here. Next time you read a news story that quotes from one of them, check out the whole thing. It's an eye-opener.
     
    


	 
      AP writer John Solomon goes for a new low in the "sneering lede" contest:    WASHINGTON - President Bush is fond of telling Americans they have liberated Iraq and that the country's future generations will be thankful. The current generation, however, overwhelmingly views U.S. forces as occupiers and wishes they would just leave, according to a poll commissioned by the administration.   Oh, it's grim news. And the AP's Solomon just delights in rubbing it in, even giving the impression that, somehow, the CPA tried to cover it up (though the intrepid AP somehow got hold of it, as did every other news outlet).   The poll, requested by the Coalition Provisional Authority last month but not released to the American public, found more than half of Iraqis surveyed believed both that they'd be safer without U.S. forces and that all Americans behave like the military prison guards pictured in the Abu Ghraib abuse photos.    And after more damning statistics, especially compared to earlier reports, and more armchair experts weighing in on the death of the Bush Administration, in the 19th paragraph out of 21 in the story comes the key bit you needed all along to put this in context.   The coalition's Iraq polling of 1,093 adults selected randomly in six cities — Baghdad, Basra, Mosul, Diwaniyah, Hillah and Baquba ....    All city-dwellers. The security and progress in the cities of Iraq tends to be less than that of the country as a whole. The change in quality of life in some village along the Euphrates in the Southern Marshes since the war began is dramatic. In Baghdad, some things are still worse, in part because Saddam steered some resources, like electricity, into the capital before the war and starved the countryside.  And look at the cities: Three Shiite and two Sunni and Baghdad. Baquba and Mosul are two of the most restive in the country. Basra and Diwaniyah were shaken by al-Sadr's uprising during just the period of the polling.  And look whose missing: not just all the rural folk, but all the Kurds. A full 15 percent or so of Iraq, where people consistently report that they are as happy as clams with the U.S. effort. Take that 15 percent off all the "pro-American" results of all the earlier, balanced polls, and you'll get the point that the numbers, while not good, are not in fact spiraling out of hand.  But don't count on the AP to tell you that.
     
    


	 
      The moral stridency in the supposedly secular European press is alarming at times. Newspapers collect their coverage of major events in book form, to showcase their best journalism and make a few extra bucks.  "The Guardian,"  one of the leading British dailies, sent embedded reporters that followed some British units into Basra and did some fine reporting. As soon as the war ended,  "The Guardian"  published its book. What did the editors call it? "The Fall of Saddam"? "Victory in Iraq"? Not a chance. They called it  "The War We Could Not Stop." 
     
    


	 
      "Iraq had nothing to do with 9-11," my editor says. Which is to insist that Americans be too stupid to figure out the connections between rich, weapons-hungry totalitarian rogue state dictators in the Islamic world and the destruction of American cities and tragic loss of life.  "But, Iraq didn't do that." That would be my editor's answer. No, of course not. No nation-state did. Do you really want to assert that a nation-state is forbidden from defending itself against some non-national terror movement? That stands the concept of "international law" on its head, It's like saying, as some seem to, that a U.S. soldier can shoot an Iraqi soldier, but if that soldier takes off his uniform and dons a civilian's clothes  and keeps firing his RPG at the U.S. soldier,  he's immune to being shot back at, under the Geneva Accords.  But then this is the same editor who defends running U.S. casualty stories every day out front, while burying terrorist stories and rebuilding stories inside, if allowing them ink at all, by saying, "that's what the readers want."
     
    


	 
      I don't know how much longer I'll be able to stay at my newspaper job. Some days I feel like I could scream, but when the discussions begin I seem to be the one sitting calmly and arguing while my opponents get red-faced and irrational. [Bickering about the Civil War on AOL teaches you infinite patience.]  The other day another editor insisted that exactly the same scenes we saw from Abu Ghraib were official U.S. tactics at Gitmo. I asked him the source of this information, which was new to me, and he got explosive. It seems to me good form, if you're going to engage in a dispute, to be able to back up what you say.  He then insisted that Abu Ghraib stripped away our "moral basis" for freeing Iraq, and left us "just as bad as Saddam." But he denied that was "moral equivalency," and then in the very next breath he said that the war had no legitimacy to begin with, because it was begun under "false pretenses." It's a child's game in reverse; deny the cake and steal it, too.  The unpleasantness ended up with him thrusting an AP article across the desk at me, about the undercover U.S. soldier who suffered permanent injuries while posing as a detainee and being interrogated by other U.S. forces. And I was commanded to "justify that."  Three different balls of fuzz that, somehow, in his head, became an incontrovertible argument that vanquished me. We never did get back to how he could back up his claim about Guantanamo. How do you fight fuzz?  Once you strip back the irrationality and the red face, I think his argument probably came down to the old straw man of "American Exceptionalism." Any time the U.S. attempts a positive change in the world, those who don't like it will retort that we just think we're special, and thus privileged to boss other nations around. They can always go and find that marginal, but (thanks to the Internet) visible, section of the American people that truly believes in its heart of hearts that God Blessed America.  I support the war and the rebuilding of Iraq, and I have no illusions about God or Americans. Whatever "morality" has to do with waging war -- any war -- is a damned slight matter. The United States didn't go to war in 2001 because its people are more moral than those across the ocean, or because God is on our side. We went to war because we were brutally mugged by an enemy who killed almost entirely non-combatants, and got more of them than Pearl Harbor, Gettysburg, and the  Lusitania  sinking combined. As I said before, it's about 3,000 of our fellow citizens, slaughtered in our cities and fields.  Our side went to war because we were attacked, not by a nation-state, but by a vicious movement that festered in a retarded civilization. Part of the cure for that is to give the people in that civilization some hope and purpose, other than the hope of destroying America and the purpose of sailing airliners into tall buildings. What's better than those things? How about the hope of actually running your own country, and building your own future.  Democracy, transparent institutions, an answerable judiciary, an uncorrupt police force, the rule of law, free expression, religious liberty -- these are not god-given perfections, but centuries of human history have taught us that they're the best available way to live collectively. They're not American inventions -- not one of them. Americans haven't been always good at applying them in our big, messy nation.  So what? If only perfect nations could act, none ever would. We won our independence with the help of a French fleet and a Dutch loan. Were the Dutch and the French pure at heart? Did they have a self-interest in seeing Britain lose its colonies? Should the American colonies have accepted British rule rather than using these world powers as a skyhook into freedom?  France, after its Revolution, sowed the seeds of liberty and freedom across Europe. The French conquered many peoples, and were vastly unpopular after their liberations turned to occupations. They ended up getting chased back to France. But the seeds took root. The ideas, not the armies, were the purpose, and the result.  Are we at least as moral a nation as the France of 1800? Yes, and more. There's no blood of the Reign of Terror reeking from our hands (though I am sure you won't have to go far to find some Chomskyite to make an absurd "McCarthy=Robespierre" moral equivalency argument). If enough people in Iraq want their freedom -- want it even more than they want to send the Americans home -- we can give them the room to take it. We'll give them the tools, if they have the hearts. That's why we're there. Is it in our self-interest to do so? Hell, yes, unless you fancy another 9-11 every year for the next century.  We're not in Iraq because we're better than anyone else in the world. (Stronger, yes). We're there because we're exactly  like  everyone else in the world: we want to keep living, with dignity and rights. And if we can help other people get that, and help ourselves at the same time, that's a pragmatic choice, as well as a noble one.  It's the anti-Iraq crowd that is obsessed with American exceptionalism. Without realizing it, they've turned their straw man into their main argument. "You aren't allowed to do anything, because you're not perfect." And it ends up destroying the rest of the world for the sake of America:   "The war in Iraq is bad because it was unilateral and pre-emptive, and because it was begun under false pretenses. Therefore, if reconstruction of Iraq succeeds, and the country emerges as a stable and flourishing democracy, all those poisons at the root of the war will be justified and encouraged. America will be justified and encouraged. It is more important that the Iraq poject fail -- and be seen clearly to fail -- because if it does, morality and justice will prevail again, America will be discouraged and shamed, and the world will be restored to its right order."   All that matters is teaching America a lesson, influencing the outcome of the next election in the States, and containing the "evil" neocons. Average Iraqis? Not even a blip on the radar screen of that crusade. The future of Europe or India America be defeated by Islamists in the Middle East? Nobody gave that a thought. 
     
    


	 
      Lt. Col. Craig Trebilcock, from the U.S. Army Judge Advocate General Corps, is a local guy about my age who has been in the Army for the past 17 years. He spoke to the Rotary here this week, and by sheer coincidence my newspaper sent perhaps the one reporter on staff who would ask him some good questions, knows something about the military, and has some appreciation for what kind of conditions these folks are working under.  I'm almost hesitant to give his name, in case it turns up on a Google search someday and he gets grief from our very anti-Bush/war editors.  But the reporter was kind enough to send me his full transcript of the interview (only a few sentences actually got into print). I want to run some excerpts from it over time. Most of it deals with the evolution of the legal system over there, and general political issues. But the section I want to start with deals with the media coverage (of course).   Q:   I have friends that are, were there, and I get all these reports about how much better things are for the people there than when Saddam was in power, [but] reading the New York Times, the place is a quagmire going to hell worse then when Saddam ran things.    Trebilcock:  Yeah, 'here’s the body count, so many guys dead since the president declared victory;' every time I hear that I want to throw up. There’s a few reasons for that. I can’t look inside somebody’s head, I think some of it is politics. Part of it is bombs and deaths grab more attention than 'hey, a new school opened up in Karbala today that will help 200 children have a better education.' You know, that’s kind of a yawner of a headline compared to 'six contractors and one Marine die in fiery blast.'   The other part of it, to tell you the truth I was really disappointed, generally, in the reporting after the big war stopped; I mean the capture of Baghdad and the fall of the former regime. Up till that point there was a lot of great coverage coming back from embed reporters; you know, 'here I am driving forward with the tanks,' and we saw that even over there with the satellite television. Once the war stopped, all the reporters, largely, have hunkered down in Baghdad. And I’m guessing, I don’t know, there are threats out there for reporters running around, et cetera, but everything you see on TV and coming out in the major papers seems to be it’s some reporter in print or TV who is going up on the roof of his hotel and doing a sound bite and then going back to the hotel bar.  I was all over southern Iraq, I mean all over. From Baghdad south, that was my playground and I was out constantly in convoys and stuff; their weren’t any reporters out there. Nobody wants to leave Baghdad, so nobody’s going out into the countryside and covering these: 'here is this new courthouse opening, here’s these Seabees from the Navy, they just built this courthouse from practically nothing. Here’s this new school.' The new waterworks is open. When we rolled into southern Iraq people got electricity two hours a day, now they get it 24 hours a day. None of that’s being covered and it’s frustrating for me personally and professionally because that’s what my unit did, those sort of projects. And they did a sound bite occasionally, but compared to just doing this body count and here’s another burning building, they’re really not getting covered at all.    Q:   Did you see the NYTimes yesterday? One of their headlines was “U.S. misses deadline for providing electricity.”     Trebilcock:  And it’s probably because the bad guys blew up another pipeline over there and maybe it’s a short-run thing, maybe it’s a long-run thing.  I was stationed most of my time there at a place called Camp Babylon, which is about 60 miles south of Baghdad, and when we first got there I lived in one of [Saddam's] palaces that got looted. We were up on this big hill that towered over the countryside. You could see 50 miles in each direction, and at night, at first, it was like the surface of the moon. I mean it was black as a bottle of ink.   And, each night, as days went on for the next couple of nights, more and more of the lights in the houses and towns out in the countryside in the 50-mile diameter started coming on and coming on. It was like watching the country coming to life. And those lights weren’t out because we had bombed the place; they were out because the old system didn’t provide these people with electricity except for those two hours a day.    It was great ... to watch those lights go on. It was like watching a country go from the Bronze Age level of existence in the southern part of the country to a modern country with electricity. So, the U.S. has blown it with providing electricity? They are being really myopic.    Q:   I also read they write about pipelines getting blown up, but they never write about them getting fixed, or how fast they were fixed.    Trebilcock:  Or the sacrifice of the people who get shot at to go out and repair them. And not just the military guys, the contractors. I mean, these guys are all heroes. These contractors don’t get near enough credit. I mean they might make a good wage going over there, but you can’t spend it if you’re dead, and a lot of them are at risk a lot of the time.   Q:   So, by and large would you tell people that it’s been worth it and we’re doing good over there?    Trebilcock:  I would say it’s been worth it. Overall it’s been a success story, some real black blemishes on the radar screen, Abu Ghraib for example. It’s a small group of people, and they should be punished for having done that. At the same time, we’re talking about things that aren’t covered, the amount of restraint that our troops are showing over there is incredible. I mean under the laws of warfare, for example churches and mosques are protected, but if you take fire from them, you can attack them under the laws of war.  Well, there are mosques over there from which our guys got sniped at constantly, and we did not return fire and we did not take on the mosque out of respect for their religion and the Iraqi people. Because we knew the bad guys wanted to draw us into destroying the mosques so they could go on al Jazeera and say, 'here are the jack-booted Americans stomping on your religion.'   So guys got shot out of these mosques and we didn’t even return fire. We would go to the village elders and the religious leaders and say, 'look, we know there’s bad guys in the mosque, you’ve got to get them out of there. We don’t want to destroy the mosque, we respect your religion, please do something.' And they would do something and it would stop for three days, and then the snipers would come back again.       So, any portrayal of these American troops over there as trigger-happy John Wayne types is just so far from the truth it’s not even funny. Bad stuff happens in war. It does. Sometimes people get shot because somebody gets nervous, or overreacts or whatever, but as an army, the training, the rules that given to the soldiers and just their personal restraint is just amazing.   
     
    


	 
      John C. Yoo, a law professor who was an aide in the U.S. Department of Justice from 2001 to 2003, worked on the Bush Administration's anti-terrorism policy as it applies to the Geneva Conventions. In  urlLink  "Perspectives on the Rules of War,"   in the San Francisco Chronicle, he outlines how, as he sees it, why the rules must change:   [A]l Qaeda also does not fall into the traditional category of interstate war. Our previous struggles have come from nations, such as the Soviet Union, Germany and Japan. They all fielded armed forces, defended territory and protected civilian populations. Al Qaeda is an organization with covert cells of operatives who hide among civilians. It has no territory to defend, no population to protect, no infrastructure or armies in the field to attack. Its primary goal -- to target and kill large numbers of civilians --   violates the very core purpose of the laws of war to spare civilian life and limit combat to armies. Because it is interested only in killing civilians, systematically violates the laws of war and is not a state, al Qaeda should not receive the normal prisoner-of-war protections that are reserved only for national armed forces.   It is only appropriate that we have a public debate about the rules to confront terrorism, even if spurred by the leaking of classified information. But we should also realize that claims of violations of human-rights law or the Constitution must be evaluated in the context of the realities created by Sept. 11.    
     
    


	 
       urlLink  Andrew Sullivan   is agonizing over the Abu Ghraib incident (bad news, by the way: it's far from over, and more "worst" is yet to come). A few bad-to-the-bone types say, "so what?" Most of the pro-liberation people I have read are devastated and disappointed, but grimly determined to carry on in spite of the setback, and eager to see the guilty punished swiftly and openly, to prove our system works. At the same time, they wish to keep the abuses in perspective, especially by comparing them to what Saddam did.  Parents fed alive into plastic shredders in front of their children. The day the tanks rolled into al-Hillah with "No Shiites after Today" painted on their turrets, and the Republican Guards made the citizens lie down in a row in the street and ran over their heads.  But Sullivan is one of those who considers Abu Ghraib to be a crippling blow, because, "how we conduct this war is as important as winning it. We cannot lose our soul in the process." I commend his effort to plumb the moral and ethical depths of the prison abuse scandal. My shift from complacent liberalism to support of a Republican president's pursuit of war is a post-9/11 experience and I'm still a bit woozy from the swing. I'm still trying to parse all this out, too, and his posts on the matter do help clarify the complexities.  He is trying to trace the problem down from the top, seeing it in terms of ripples from Rumsfeld-Bush decisions to aggressively pursue counter-terror intelligence.   How did those new relaxed rules get moved from Guanatanamo against high-profile Qaeda terrorists to people dragged in off the street in Baghdad? We don't yet know. But we do know that the administration debated various methods of torture - because Rumsfeld signed off on some and then had a change of heart and restricted some of the more horrifying methods.   There certainly are two strains to what went wrong in Abu Ghraib. The one, which Sullivan articulates well, is the top-down problem of sanctioned abuses.  But also bear in mind that there is likely a strong strain of sadism in the U.S. prison system. I say "likely" only because my evidence is anecdotal. I don't have statistics, but, I have had some experience in the BDSM community (it's a long story), and I can tell you I probably encountered more self-identified prison guards there than any single other occupation.  I also know that, as a newspaper editor, after the Abu Ghraib photos were printed, I took several phone calls from people who had been in the local county prison who told me you could see the same things happening there in any given week: snarling dogs and naked men cowering. Court and police beat reporters I work with, as well as public defenders, had no trouble believing this.  [Yet for some reason my fellow editors, all in a lather over Abu Ghraib, don't seem to think this cllose-to-home problem is worth investigating. We don't report this with scandalous page one coverage and scathing editorials.]   Just so you know it's not just me, I plucked a few observations from the Calpundit blog discussion forum on the wrangling earlier this year between Gov. Schwarzenegger and the California prison guards' union:   "A significant part of my professional life is defending prison guards (in a relatively civilized prison system) from lawsuits by inmates. It is certainly true that most claims are bogus. Nevertheless, I can tell you of my own knowledge (the attorney-client privilege prevents my giving specifics) that abuse, often quite astounding abuse, is far too common."   Or this one.   "The abuse of prisoners by guards is something that happens. Such violence surely has its origin in the need to assert control over a population of prisoners -- which is a very sticky proposition if you have to look over violent, half-crazy offenders. It is no joke that many criminals are mentally ill or close to it -- and violent chaos can and will erupt despite the best layed plans. I have some sympathy for the difficulty of the job.  "That said, it is clear to anyone who wants to examine the facts that a culture of sadism has developed in some of our prisons, and in the spirits of some, perhaps many, guards. Gladiator matches and organized rape-sodomy are documented realities. To say nothing of the general dehumanization of prisoners -- 90% of whom will be released eventually and live among us with their scarred psyches. Only fools argue against aggressive rehabilitation programs: education and mental health treatment."   Combine that aspect of many -- certainly not all -- prison guards, with the fluid, violent, and unrestrained atmosphere of Abu Ghraib in late 2003, and you don't necessarily need a Rumsfeld dictum or a Bush legal team memo to arrive at the scenes we've seen.  Certainly something as idiotic as taking video footage and photographs of your escapades is far more consistent with a sexual fetish than it is with a government trying to cheat on international laws.  Yet the extensive  urlLink  Human Rights Watch report on Abu Ghraib   makes  no mention whatsoever  of U.S. prison culture. Instead, its damning report allows only Bush Administration officials any direct responsibility. You'd think a worldwide human rights group would be as concerned with U.S. prisoners as with Iraqi prisoners. But apparently not so, at least when there's partisan hay to be made.  The top-down problem collided head-on with the bottom-up (pardon that) problem at the level of the prison supervisors, who were -- I suspect -- feeling heat from higher up to get better information and at the same time neglecting to supervise their people on the floor. 
     
    


	 
       urlLink  The Religious policeman,   among other wickedly amusing (but really pretty sad) observations from Saudi Arabia today, reports this news item, dateline London:   12 June 2004 — One of the imams of the Grand Mosque in Makkah led prayers for inter-faith peace and harmony in London yesterday ... Around 10,000 worshippers gathered at the East London Mosque, and surrounding streets in the city’s Whitechapel district to hear Sheikh Abdul Rahman Al-Sudais, organizers said.   Then he, ironically, envisions the Saudi flip-side version of this story:   Needless to say, the English Religious Police (the "Bobbawa") soon swooped onto him and his infidel followers. He was consigned to Newgate Jail, infamous home to the dregs of London's criminal underclass, to be suspended from chains and have the soles of his feet beaten. His 10,000 infidel followers were rounded up and immediately deported to their country of origin. Said David Blunkett, the UK's dreaded Minister of the Interior, "Foreigners must realize that they are guests in this country, and this country is home to the Anglican Church's most sacred site. Her Majesty is Custodian of the Holy Cathedral. We will therefore not permit any form of religious observance other than that of the Church of England. No Muslim, Hindu or Buddist will be permitted to enter any church, or travel into the City of Canterbury. Catholics and Orthodox will be permitted, as long as they don't do any of that "sign of the cross" or "Hail Mary" stuff. Anyone seen hanging prayer beads from their rear-view mirror will be immediately deported. We respect the right of all religions to carry out their religious practices, as long as they do it in their own home, and in groups of no more than two. No Qurans, or religious books from other religions, may be imported. And to the hostile press that are always attacking our society and cultural values, I say, five hundred years ago we would have burnt all infidels at the stake. We are now much more tolerant."   
     
    


	 
      At times, it's difficult to discover what Osama and his fellow Islamists want. His early written attacks on the West mention the withdrawal of U.S. troops from Saudi Arabia and the end of sanctions against Iraq. These have been accomplished, though in ways not to his liking.  But as time goes by, the bigger picture becomes more clear. The recent attacks in Saudi Arabia, meant to destabilize the oil industry that is the developed world's addiction, help establish the bigger picture.  So does  urlLink  this story from Singapore,   which broke into the world news cycle for a day last week, then promptly vanished:   Singapore is trying to blow the whistle on the global threat posed by jihadists taking their terror tactics to the sea.   Minister for Security Tony Tan said attacks on ships by sea pirates in Southeast Asia are resembling military operations – growing bolder, more violent and fuelling fears of an attack that would cripple world trade.   He said the risk of a devastating attack is growing.   "We have been alarmed not only by the increase in the number of pirate attacks in the sea lanes of communication in this part of the world, but also in the nature of the piracy attacks," said Tan.   The key to all this is Malacca Strait, through which a third of world trade passes. It's not a key to U.S. oil supplies, but it is the main conduit from the Middle East to Japan -- and to the developing Chinese economy. Singapore has been ably fending off the unwanted attentions of Jemaah Islamiyah and other Islamist groups. What Tan reports is the kind of development you might compare to a sudden rise in, say, a number of young Middle Eastern men who have been in Taliban Afghanistan suddenly taking flight training at out-of-the-way U.S. schools. Tan again:   "In previous years when you had a piracy attack, what it meant is that you have a sampan or a boat coming up to a cargo ship, pirates throwing up some ropes, scrambling on board, ransacking the ship for valuables, stealing money and then running away. But the last piracy attack that took place in the Straits of Malacca showed a different pattern." The pirates were well armed, operating sophisticated weapons and commanding high-speed boats. "They conducted the operation almost with military precision."   "Instead of just ransacking the ship for valuables, they took command of the ship, and steered the ship for about an hour, and then eventually left with the captain in their captivity. To all of us, this is reminiscent of the pattern by which terrorists mount an attack."   "We are concerned that terrorists may seize control of a tanker with a cargo of lethal materials, LNG (liquefied natural gas) perhaps, chemicals, and use it as a floating bomb against our port," Tan said. "This would cause catastrophic damage, not only to the port but also for people, because our port is located very near to a highly dense residential area. Thousands of people would be killed."   "If terrorists were to seize a tanker, a large ship, and sink it into a narrow part of the Straits it will cripple world trade. It would have the iconic large impact which terrorists seek."    U.S. intelligence officials also have said Western luxury liners and aircraft carriers could be targets. Of course, al Qaida has done this sort of thing before, in October 2000 against the U.S.S. Cole. Two years later they pulled off a similar attack against a French supertanker off the coast of Yemen.   The high-tech Cole nearly done in by the crudest form of hate-driven attack. It's another example of the seriousness of this lopsided war. These aren't enemies we can ignore. They know they can't face us in the kind of fight that has defined world conflicts since the days of the Greeks. But they still believe they can win. And the evidence so far won't discourage them.   Like Hitler, bin Ladenism has an agenda: the end of the liberal West. Its supposedly crackpot vision is actually a petrol-rich Middle East free of Jews, Christians, and Westerners, free to rekindle spiritual purity under Sharia. Bin Laden's al Reich is a vast pan-Arabic, Taliban-like caliphate run out of Mecca by new prophets like him, metering out oil to a greedy West in order to purchase the weapons of its destruction; there is, after all, an Israel to be nuked, a Europe to be out-peopled and cowered, and an America to be bombed and terrorized into isolation. This time we are to lose not through blood and iron, but through terror and intimidation: televised beheadings, mass murders, occasional bombings, the disruption of commerce, travel, and the oil supply.    urlLink  [Victor David Hanson, on "Feeding the Minotaur"]    
     
    


	 
      The Al-Qa'ida-identified journal  Sawt Al-Jihad  has an interview with Fawwaz bin Muhammad Al-Nashami, commander of the Al-Quds Brigade that took responsibility for the May 29 attack at Khobar, Saudi Arabia, in which 22 people were killed.  urlLink  The Middle East Media Research Institute   has excerpts from the whole horrific thing.   "At the same time, we found a Swedish infidel. Brother Nimr cut off his head, and put it at the gate [of the building] so that it would be seen by all those entering and exiting.   "We continued in the search for the infidels, and we slit the throats of those we found among them. At the same time, we heard the sound of the patrols and the gathering [of the security personnel] outside. These cowards did not dare to enter. About 45 minutes or an hour had passed since the beginning of the operation.   "We began to comb the site looking for infidels. We found Philipino Christians. We cut their throats and dedicated them to our brothers the Mujahideen in the Philippines. [Likewise], we found Hindu engineers and we cut their throats too, Allah be praised. That same day, we purged Muhammad's land of many Christians and polytheists.   
     
    


	 
      This is from an e-mail from a Navy chaplain, serving in Iraq. It was forwarded to me by a friend:  I was born in 1958 and came of age when the Vietnam War and the anti-war movement were both in full swing.  It has taken me years to put this into words, but I believe that as bad as that war was, the legacy of the anti-war movement was worse.  The anti-war movement gave rise to the moral superiority of non-involvement and non-commitment.  While that may have worked to help draft-dodgers sleep at night, it's not much of a strategy of how to go through life.  Taken to its logical conclusion the message is: don't commit to your county, don't commit to your spouse, and don't commit to your kids, church, or community.  Don't commit to cleaning up your own mess or any cause that demands any more from you than rhetoric. This was the mindset in which our country was firmly stuck. Until 9/11, some woke up. Kids came down and joined the service.  To the dismay of some of their teachers, parents, and the media elites, they came down here and raised their hand in front of the flag.  And they are still coming to the shock of the non-committers.  The Marines have more enlisting than their two boot camps can handle.  And we are all here together for Memorial Day 2004.  Old National Guardsmen, grandfathers, and single moms, Texans and Mexicans, Surfers and Rednecks. A few weeks ago an Illinois National Guardsman, mother of three, was hit six times, saved by her body armor, but lost part of her nose.  She stayed on her 50 caliber, firing on the bad guys, protecting the convoy.  She said she was thinking of her kids and the guys she was with. Commitment is love acted out.  It is sad that the non-committers missed that. They and their moral high-ground haven't been near a mass grave. The kids I see and eat with every day still want to help this country, in spite of getting shot at while doing it. That is love acted out.  You either get it, or you don't.
     
    


	 
       urlLink  Irwin M. Stelzer   has some interesting observations about Chirac's celebration of D-Day:   This being Chirac's home turf, he got to set the stage, using $54 million of his taxpayers' money to make certain that the backdrop showed him to advantage. And an ahistorical stage it was. The flags of nations that had nothing to do with the landings were represented, to the surprise of those of us who do not remember Sweden as supporting the Allied cause during World War II. Even the E.U. flag was on parade, although it did not exist on June 6, 1944.  Then, too, watching the weight accorded in the ceremonies to the French contribution on that historic and bloody day, one could easily get the impression that the French self-liberated. Never mind that de Gaulle was not told about the invasion until June 4, or that only 500 of the 156,000 troops involved in the invasion were Free French fighters (who fought very well), far fewer than were then in the service of the Nazis in Vichy France.   Chirac's inflation of the role of France in the D-Day invasion might be chalked up to national pride. But his insistence on including German chancellor Gerhard Schröder in the celebration, despite the fact that German troops were on the hills shooting down at the beaches on which the Allied troops landed, is another matter. The French president was eager to put on display a Franco-German alliance that is forged in steel, and is prepared to be the core of a united Europe that will counter the American hyperpower. Chirac made it clear that the invitation to the German chancellor was designed not only to trumpet the reconciliation between these historic enemies. It was also aimed at giving further impetus to the creation of a European superstate, populated by what Schröder in his remarks called "Citizens of Europe." This new superstate, France believes, will have the population, economic muscle, and geopolitical reach to rival the United States. And when the new European constitution is signed in a few days, the E.U. will become a legal entity, with its own supranational police, court system, foreign policy, and national song. No more unipolar world, say the French, even though the Europeans will continue to direct the bulk of their resources to their welfare states rather than to their militaries.  By way of reciprocation, Schröder thanked "France and its allies" and "Russia" for--in the words of CNN's Christiane Amanpour--"liberating" Germany from the Nazis. No mention of America. The implication that some foreign body had imposed Hitler on an unwilling German populace, and that France had "liberated" Germany probably came as no surprise to experienced CNN and Amanpour fans.   
     
    


	 
           A scene from the horror story of BBC correspondent Frank Gardner, gunned down by Islamists in the streets of Riyadh, won't leave me. They killed his Irish-born cameraman and shot Gardner and left him for dead, but he sat in the street, conscious, bleeding, and shouted to bystanders, in Arabic, "I'm a Muslim, help me, I'm a Muslim, help me."  The Beeb's news director said, "Nobody knew Saudi Arabia or knew the sort of risks they were undertaking better than Frank who had lived and worked in Saudi Arabia and spoke fluent Arabic ...."  Which tells me Gardner shouted out, not "help me, I'm dying," or "help me, I've been shot," but "help me, I'm a Muslim," because he knew those were the words that would move people around him to do something to save his life.  In what other place in the world would a man, obviously gravely injured, have to shout out an explanation of his religious affiliation before he got help to save his life?  In Tel Aviv, I can imagine, a wounded person might shout, "help me, I'm a Jew," if he had reason to think that the people around him feared he was a Palestinian martyr-in-the-making with a half a crate of dynamite strapped to his body. But even if that is the case, I hardly think that proves a flaw in the heart of the people of Tel Aviv, or their religion.  Can you imagine a man dying on the streets of Philadelphia or Copenhagen, shouting out, "help me, I'm a Christian"?  What's wrong with Islam, that in its core nation, this can happen? Even beyond the fact of the shooting itself, which is part of a wider political and religious war, why this cruelty?  For that matter, why the crushing treatment of women, the "dhimmitude" status of non-Muslims, the muzzled media, the denial of basic civil rights for Shiites in Saudi Arabia, the genocide against blacks in Sudan, the murderous repression of gays everywhere, the continuing tendency to slavery.  It's part of the "problem of Islam." The modern leaders of the faith, in Saudi Arabia, have embraced a brutally fundamentalist form of Islam, to the exclusion of other interpretations. Those interpretations do exist, but they're not being given breathing room. After 9-11, this is no longer merely an internal concern among Muslims. As Irshad Manji points out, "How the Koran is allowed to be interpreted -- and how it isn't -- has become everybody's business."  I've opposed fundamentalism in the religious culture around me. Since I am an American, that religion principally has been Christianity. Three years ago I found my country under attack from a different religion's fundamentalists. I have no problem recognizing the same enemy. Fundamentalism in the three great monotheisms, as Karen Armstrong wrote, is of a piece. It offers the same solutions to the same challenges, and along the way it locks personal paranoias and cultural fetishes into the word of God.  Jesus happened to live in a time when Roman might so dominated the world that only suicidal fanatics would oppose it in open warfare. There were such insurgents among the Israelites of his day, and my secular historical view says that his modification of Judaism survived, and theirs didn't, because he turned from violent struggle, as from the outer world. That is why Christianity has had its wonderful pacifist quality, its spiritualism. (The disturbing flip-side of that is that it has been, at times, the ideal religion for slaves.)  Muhammad had it different. "Islam was born in an extremely harsh and violent environment and received a very hostile and aggressively violent reaction from the tribes of seventh century Arabia. The first Muslims had to fight for survival until Islam prevailed throughout Arabia by the time of the death of the Prophet. The preexisting norms of intertribal relations were heavily, if not completely, dependent on the use or threat of violent force by the claimant of any right, even the right to exist." [Abdullahi Ahmed An-Na'im] As a result, even though the Shari'a introduced controls on violence and tribalism that were progressive for that time and place, the Quran repeatedly enjoins Muslims to support each other, disassociate themselves from non-Muslims, and fight unbelievers "and slay them wherever you catch them, and seize them, beleaguer them, and lie in wait for them in every stratagem" [9:5] unless they submit to Islam.  Far more than in the other great monotheisms, a militant, violent tendency is limned in the holy texts of this religion, as is rejection and hatred of the "unbelievers." The fundamentalists and absolutists in Christianity and Judaism generally exist on the fringes of those faiths. In Islam, for centuries, they have been at the helm of it. Except in the North American mosques, and less and less even in them, the idea of "ecumenical Islam" is a contradiction in terms.  But the problem in the picture is more than that.  Islam is Arab-centric. The Quran is only read, properly, in Arabic, even if you're a Malaysian Muslim. V.S. Naipal has written eloquently about this, and how it warps lives and cultures in the non-Arab Muslim lands. "The disturbance for societies is immense, and even after a thousand years can remain unresolved; the turning away has to be done again and again. People develop fantasies about who and what they are; and in the Islam of converted countries there is an element of neurosis and nihilism."   Manji herself, in her wonderful book,  "The Trouble With Islam,"  tells of a speech she gave at a North American university. The campus Muslim Students Association showed up to try to intimidate her, and they lined the walls and glared at her as she spoke about "God and gays." When they got down to Q and A time, she began to challenge them, offering up the diverse, non-fundamentalist approaches to Islam that once had flourished in places like Pakistan. One of her attackers shot back that that was, "because Pakistanis are not real Muslims. They're converts. Islam was revealed to the Arabs." Without intending to, she had hit on just the weapon to make the solid wall of her opponents melt -- many of those who had come to object to her lesbianism were South Asian Muslims.  Gardner  is  a Muslim. But he also obviously is a Westerner. When he was shot, it was his non-Arab skin color that marked him out as different to the people whose forms you can half see in this picture, watching him pleading for his life.  In parts of old segregated America, there once were hospitals that would not admit black people. Billie Holliday died of such prejudice. And it's been damned and execrated and rightly banished from modern America. Our health care is still far from equitable, in terms of rich, middle-class, and poor. But if any American ambulance driver refused to pick up a black person, or an Arab, for that matter, he'd be fired at once and lambasted in a hundred newspaper editorials.  Until that begins to be true in Islamic Saudi Arabia, don't talk about moral equivalency.
     
    


	 
      It's gotten to the point where toleration of intolerance is in danger of being enshrined in our legal system. We relentlessly hound any sort of perceived "hate speech" to the point of mistaking historical Confederate flags for burning Klan crosses. Yet in the name of political correctness a court case in the Midwest bids to grant an exception to Islamists to fulminate hatred against Jews.  Fawaz Damra, the leader of the Islamic Center of Greater Cleveland, is on trial, charged with lying on his immigration forms. The government says he did, despite what he said, have ties to terrorism. In fact, he sought donors for the Palestinian Islamic Jihad. In fact, in the early 1990s he screamed out at fund-raising events, calling on participants to destroy Jews.  A defense expert this week did not deny he had said such things (which would have been an unwise tactic, since the feds have it all on video).   Instead, the defense expert, a Chicago researcher in Mideast studies, told a federal court judge that “The rhetoric is principally used by political and religious leaders to galvanize resistance to what Palestinian Arabs consider to be the patent persecution of their people by Jewish immigrants to the Middle East.”  “As unquestionably hate-filled and thus morally reprehensible as such language is,  when Palestinians refer to Jews as ‘descended from apes and swine’ or encourage support for those who ‘kill Jews,’ they do so with the reasonably justifiable self-image of victim and persecuted,  not of victimizer and persecutor.”  The judge has yet to decide if this will be admitted as a defense. We already have "guilty but insane." We may have to add "guilty but Islamist."
     
    


	 
           One of the pleasures of reading blogs from around the world is that the authors sometimes show you pictures of daily scenes from their communities. I found this one on the site run by The Religious Policeman, from Saudi Arabia (see link at right). He reports that this is a common sight in his part of the world, and the camels always seem to enjoy it. 
     
    


	 
      Failure, or refusal, to distinguish oppressed people from intolerant people, as though the two never could be the same, is a hallmark of Chomskyite thinking. It permeates this  urlLink  disturbing view from Berkeley, California,   home of the "Free Speech Movement," which has taken a moral plunge into old-fashioned Jew-baiting.   Most of the students who promote a free Palestine don't hate Jews, whatever they think of Israeli counter-terrorism. But they put up with hate in the ranks all the same. Even the more radical and racist Palestinian activists are "allies" in the campus cause du jour.   Meanwhile, Daniel Pipes, an articulate opponent of radical Islam and its armed terrorist factions actually was called a racist and worse at his campus speech in Berkeley, as the East Bay Express article reports. Mr. Pipes, who wisely said "militant Islam is the problem and moderate Islam is the solution," is hardly an Islamophobe or a racist. It's just a back-alley libel against a historian of the Middle East because he doesn't toe the radical leftist line.   This is what Political Correctness has become. Mere opponents are falsely denounced as "racists" while virulently racist allies are given a pass by the very same people.   Victor Davis Hanson sees it, too. Though his view, imagined through Osama's eyes, is more chilling in its consequences:   It was hard for the Islamic fascists to find ideological support in the West, given their agenda of gender apartheid, homophobia, religious persecution, racial hatred, fundamentalism, polygamy, and primordial barbarism. But they sensed that there has always been a current of self-loathing among the comfortable Western elite, a perennial search for victims of racism, economic oppression, colonialism, and Christianity. Bin Laden's followers weren't white; they were sometimes poor; they inhabited of former British and French colonies; and they weren't exactly followers of the no-nonsense Pope or Jerry Falwell. If anyone doubts the nexus between right-wing Middle Eastern fascism and left-wing academic faddishness, go to booths in the Free Speech area at Berkeley or see what European elites have said and done for Hamas. Middle Eastern fascist killers enshrined as victims alongside our own oppressed? That has been gospel in our universities for the last three decades.  
     
    


	 
        Last night while flipping channels, I came across the tail end of the Tom Brokaw interview with President Bush in Normandy, France. While Brokaw repeatedly tried to catch him in a gotcha moment, the President came across as thoughtful and gave well-reasoned answers. The interview was much better than the Meet the Press interview of a few months ago.   Since I had missed the beginning, I decided to go to the NBC site to see if the video was available. As I watched the video, I also read the transcript. Although it was not my intent, this allowed me to see what had been edited out of the video. I was not surprised to see that whole questions and answers had not been used in the video. However, I was surprised to see that important portions from the middle of some of the President's answers had been deleted out, in some cases removing points that helped the President present his side to the American people. Viewers of the video would have had no idea that the answers were shortened unless they had read along with the transcript as I had.     urlLink  Go and read the whole thing.  
     
    


	 
      My more sane Democratic friends, the ones who don't froth at the mouth and chew the carpet when Dubya's visage pops onto the TV screen, protest that Michael Moore is a fringe player in their party. They say he is rejected by the mainstream of reasonable, sane Democrats, who know the difference between "being anti-war" and "being for the other side," as Moore clearly does not. So I wonder how they will feel about  urlLink  this snippet, reported in the Spectator.     The DNC has worked out a deal with the distributor of left-wing extremist Michael Moore's new anti-Bush film that will ensure more than a half-million DVD copies of the film will be distributed nationwide in October 2004, just a month before the general election.   The unprecedented deal, in which the DNC will pay essentially a wholesale price for the DVD. "This could be a huge boost for our grassroots," says a DNC furndraiser. "We have such a network now of folks getting together on a local basis that the movie will give them a reason to gather, perhaps fundraise and certainly expand their circle of friends."   Probably they won't feel anything, because probably it won't be reported anywhere that they'll read.
     
    


	 
      Ronald Reagan's relationship with modern America is complex, ambivalent; he encouraged us in much that is great, but there are dark places. I know this time is for praising him, not for blame, but people with an eye to history's bigger picture should not let the encomiums become dogma. Take the end of the Cold War, for instance. It is quite possibly true that Reagan deliberately turned George Kennan's plan for slow death of the USSR by containment into a quick, merciful kill by turning up the heat in the arms race.  That policy may have saved many lives -- who knows if there would have had to have been another Vietnam or another Afghanistan if it had been done the slow way? But it gave us Osama bin-Laden, and the current state of the former SSRs is anything but uniformly free.  urlLink  Johann Hari   this week has a timely reminder of the dark side of the Cold War, and what it cost the world:   The President lumped all independent third world liberation movements into his war on Soviet tyranny. Thanks to his disconnection from the grey hues of reality, everybody who opposed US policy became in his -– and Middle America’s -– mind somehow a Soviet stooge.    Requiescat in pace . The wall is gone. I saw it; I lived for a time almost in its shadow. It was the ugliest thing I have ever seen, and it stank. The world is better without it. 
     
    


	 
      From the AP:  Brigitte Bardot was convicted Thursday in Paris of inciting racial hatred for portraying Muslims in a negative light in a book. The Paris court said the former film star compared them to “invaders, cruel and barbaric.”  Bardot and her publishing house, Editions du Rocher, were fined $6,050 each, to be paid to two anti-racism groups that took them to court. She could have been sentenced to a year in jail.  Bardot, 69, also an ardent animal rights campaigner, was not present for the verdict. At a hearing in May, she told the court she never meant to harm anyone with her book, “Un cri dans le silence” (A Cry in the Silence), which topped the nonfiction best-seller lists last year.  “If I did hurt someone, I’m sorry,” she said.  In her book, Bardot denounced the “infiltration” of France by Islamic extremists and described what she called the “Islamization of France.”  Bardot had previously been found guilty on similar charges.  This time, the court found that the actress had presented Muslims as “invaders, barbaric and cruel, responsible for terrorist acts, wishing to subdue the French people to the point of extermination.”  Her language could lead the reader to “reject members of the Muslim community through hate and violence,” the court concluded in its ruling.  During her May hearing, Bardot said her book was a simple critique of the religious practices of Muslims and a denunciation of those terrorist attacks committed by Islamic extremists.  “Among Muslims, I think there are some who are very good and some hoodlums, like everywhere,” she said. 
     
    


	 
      The AP gets lost again.  We ran  BC-Al-Qaida-Airline Threat, 4th Ld-Writethru,0751  in this morning's edition.  The surprise is, "terrorists" are back. That is, al-Qaida officially become terrorists again, in the AP's lede:   CAIRO, Egypt (AP) — An Internet statement signed by an al-Qaida cell in Saudi Arabia warned Monday that the terror network will target Western airlines, military bases and residential compounds and told Muslims to stay away from Westerners.   But they're "militants" in three other places; and in the description of the Khobar assault only "gunmen" are mentioned. The word "terror" is used again, in reference to the Nick Berg beheading.  Yet this is the same Web site used by the Berg assassins and by the Khobar killers to release their respective statements. How the AP distinguishes when the same people are  gunmen, militants,  and  terrorists  has never been explained to me.  The AP helpfully explains some things: that "Al-Qaida uses the term 'Arabian Peninsula' to refer to Saudi Arabia because it rejects the rule of the Al Saud dynasty, after whom the country is named." It explains that  "crusaders" is "the term used by militants for Americans and Europeans." But it doesn't explain how the AP decides which noun to use to describe Islamist killers.  Then it deals with the gist of the statement from the terror group, which warns all Muslims to avoid "contact with the American and Western crusaders and all nonbelievers in the Arabian peninsula." Muslims should stay away from Americans and Westerners "in their homes, compounds, movements and means of transport -— in all shapes and forms." It calls on "all those [Muslims] that have stood by America and its allies ... to return to the right path, to separate themselves from nonbelievers, to become their enemies and to fight holy war against them by money, word and weapon."  "This enemy must be fought. There is no other way but to fight it and eradicate it."  The statement said the warning was meant to spare Muslim blood. "We act only to protect them, their religion, honor and life." The AP then notes that the "gunmen" who accomplished the Khobar slaughter "reportedly separated out and spared Muslims and Arabs and killed non-Muslims."   Militants have stepped up attacks on foreigners in Saudi Arabia in past weeks, most recently in a shooting Sunday that killed an Irish cameraman and wounded a British Broadcasting Corp. reporter.    But according to  urlLink  Middle East Online,   the BBC reporter was a practicing Muslim and identified himself as such.   RIYADH - Riddled with bullets, BBC correspondent Frank Gardner pleaded for his life in the Saudi capital shouting to bystanders to help a fellow Muslim, a police officer said on Monday.  "I'm a Muslim, help me, I'm a Muslim, help me," the British father of two daughters cried in Arabic, the officer said.  Gardner was stretched on the road, covered in blood from multiple bullet wounds in a slum area of southern Riyadh known as a hotbed of hardliners.  A fluent Arabic speaker with a degree in Arab and Islamic Studies, he was carrying a small copy of the Koran, the Muslim holy book, a device used by Westerner reporters to try to reassure Islamist militants.  He was gravely wounded and his Irish cameraman Simon Cumbers killed Sunday evening as they filmed near the home of Ibrahim al-Rayyes, a wanted terror suspect killed in a clash with security forces in the area last December.   According to Reuters, "the gunmen separated the Saudi escort from the journalists before shooting them." So they knew what they were doing. But the AP allows the "militants" to be protecting the "honor" of the Muslims without bothering to notice the irony that this was a case of friendly fire. Of course, they'd never overlook that in an American soldier.  Of course, in reporting this story, the BBC briefly reverted to the word "terrorist"  urlLink  in describing the "militants"   who shot their man.
     
    


	 
           A lot of the sites I regularly read are citing  urlLink  Hanson's hilarious send-up,   imagining reactions of various modern-day defeatists had they been in Normandy in 1944.  Gore's might be the most spot-on, but I happen to enjoy the imaginary "Moveon" response:    Moveon.org:  Maybe now the American people will finally grow up when they see their children slaughtered on a French beach and huddled in hedgerows waiting to die. But what they don’t know is that thousands of poor conscripted Russians and eastern Europeans were innocent targets whom our boys killed on so-called D-Day. And does America want to deal with the five thousand French civilians who died in our secret bombing campaign before the invasion? Let those who said we’d be greeted with roses explain the charred bodies of women and children to the French public.   Perhaps because I've been reading and hearing a lot of that kind of stuff nowadays.   (graphic courtesy of  urlLink  The Bleat  ).  
     
    


	 
      I knew, when I backed a fundamentalist Republican president in going to war, that I would find myself in exposed positions, complexities, and contradictions. For instance, I find myself agreeing with the military analysis of Iraq put forth by Victor Davis Hanson, who often holds up U.S. Civil War General Sherman as an ideal. Yet I have spent many hours of my life execrating what Sherman did to the South. I'm still sorting that out.  What other side-effects does one suffer from standing with the "right?" Sometimes I do a body-check to see what's changed. I still find little sympathy for the "religious right's" crusade against gays. But then, even most conservatives seem to have quietly let that issue pass.  When I read about the ACLU's drive to  urlLink  scrub a minuscule cross off the Los Angeles County seal,   though, I think it a big noise over nothing. Even before 9-11, though, I had begun to resent the zealotry of groups like the ACLU in the way their inquisitors scour every civic religious symbol from every small town. The tactics seem to create resentment unnecessarily in the issue of creating publicity.  Besides, as a pagan I was rather miffed that nobody objected to the honking big idol of Pomona, the Roman agricultural goddess, that stands beside the cross on the L.A. seal. And, by the way, if you want to get that cross off that seal, you might as well change the name "Los Angeles" to something secular.  But my temporary discomforts seem to me less painful than the sad mutations of many people on the Other Side.  urlLink  Nick Cohen chronicles some of them in the "New Statesman"     Disgust at the Bush administration has pushed liberal opinion around the world into the shameful position that it would not back the opponents of Saddam Hussein. The result of the breakdown in international solidarity is that an Iraqi or Kurdish socialist is more likely to get a fair hearing from the Wall Street Journal than the New York Times; the Daily Telegraph than the Independent.   ...  The price you pay when you ally yourself with religious fundamentalists is a downgrading of the aspirations of women and gays. The Muslim Association of Britain, the British branch of the Muslim Brotherhood, said that [George] Galloway was a man it could do business with when he told the Independent that "abortion is morally and ethically wrong." These comments, the association said, as well as Galloway's "statements on faith and God in the same interview, will surely be welcomed by British Muslims who see Respect as a real alternative to the main political parties."   
     
    


	 
       urlLink  Zeyad's blog   has a good reaction to the news of a new government.  Meanwhile,  urlLink  The Greenside   has a fascinating from-the-spot post on the dynamic of the U.S. military in Fallujah.   Since we have stayed out of Fallujah and focused elsewhere, the mujahadeen have had their run of the town. As they have had no one to fight, they have turned their criminal instincts on the citizens. The clerics who once were whipping these idiots into a suicidal frenzy are now having to issue Fatwas (holy decrees) admonishing the muj for extortion, rape, murder and kidnapping. It is unfortunate for the "innocent people" of Fallujah but the mujahadeen have betrayed themselves as the thugs that they are by brutalizing the civilians. There are, in fact, reports of rape, etc from inside the town.  While the muj are thugging away inside the town, we are about 1/2 mile away paying claims, entering into dialogue and contracting jobs. The citizens come outside the city for work and money and are treated like human beings. They go back inside and enter a lawless hell. In short, the muj have done more to show the people what hypocrites they are in a few short weeks than we could have hoped for in a year.   I should be appalled. I've been in journalism since 1983. My boss in West Chester taught me the only job we had, really, was to be indispensible. I have access to a dozen wire services and thousands of pictures every day. Yet when I want to know what's going on in Iraq, I read Zeyad, and Alaa and Muhammad and Omar. When I want to get into the lives of soldiers, I go milblogging.  This is not just blog-logic. I read two essays this week, the one from Jay Rosen, the head of NYU school of journalism, the other from Rod Dreher, an editorial writer at the Dallas Morning News. Both men frankly confessed that the media was ignoring major chunks of the Iraq story, and both mentioned Iraqi blogs as the place to go for it.  Are you hearing this? These aren't idle critics. They are pillars of the vaunted Amendment-protected American press, the Fourth Estate of the Free World, the cornerstone of democracy. Their industry that has poured billions of dollars, millions of miles of cable, and thousands of reporters into coverage of Iraq.  And the head of one of the four top journalism teaching institutions in the United States confesses, offhand, that when he wants to know what's going on in the mind and life of an average Iraqi, he logs on to the Internet and reads from a blog written by a dentist in Basra.  Rosen writes that the missing story is the rebuilding of Iraq. Along with the military fights and the political fights, this is one of the three "legs" of the Iraq story. He points out that the success or failure of this is one of the essential things Americans need to know to determine whether to re-elect Bush or not.  It could be either good news or bad news; the work could be going well or poorly, but we just don't know. The few facts that seep into converage lack context.  Dreher's piece from Dallas was a response to readers' charges that a biased media overlooked the "good news," especially regarding the hearts-and-minds work that soldiers and Marines are doing in Iraq. That, too, is an undertold story, certainly, and fiercely frustrating to those of us who support the war and are tuned to it.  But I think what's really missing from our military coverage is not so much the good news, but the Ernie Pyle quality. I don't mean his "doing my part" presumption about the essential goodness of the soldiers or the unquestioned justness of the fight. I am convinced that the war on terror is as desperate and important as World War II, but I accept that many, probably most, Americans do not (if they did, we'd be rationing gas).  But when Pyle wrote a war story, he wrote about GIs. I've read hundreds of AP and Reuters stories in the past year about battles and skirmishes in Iraq. They quote enemy militia fighters. They quote U.S. generals in the Green Zone. They quote White House spokesmen in Washington.  Where are the G.I.s? The exact people Pyle put at the center of everything he wrote, the people most Americans are most interested in. The ones who performed splendidly, picking off the thugs without putting a scratch in the precious Shi'ite mosques. Where are they? They're invisible in these stories.  And so I go to the blogs of military men and women or their families. That's where I read the story of both the firefights and the soccer games with the local kids.  Indispensible? Well, the day someone finds a way to line your cat box with a blog, I think I better get out of newspapers.  
     
    


	 
      Taking C.S. Lewis's wickedly sharp "Screwtape Letters" as a model,  urlLink  Belmont Club   has been publishing a "memo to Osama."   The core problem the Memo tries to explore is how a committed Jihadist might try to destroy the West given their limited means. Since the Jihadi leaders are intelligent men, they must know their chief hope lies in exploiting the weakness of the West: to turn Western weaponry on itself and exploit the inner divisions in its society. While the Islamist's performance on the battlefield has been laughable, their success at using Western institutions to further their goals has been remarkable. They have converted passenger aircraft, fertilizer, crop sprayers, sources of electrical power and news agencies into potential weapons. Although they do not vote in elections, they decide or strongly influence their outcome in Western nations. While they have no armies worth the name, they are the principal threat to the world today.   
     
    


	 
      What exactly happened? How many terrorists (sorry, "militants") were there? How many got away? And how? Did they cut a deal? Whose side is the royal family on?   Saudi clerics have condemned the Khobar attacks because "these criminal acts only strengthen the Zionists in their aggression against the Palestinians."    urlLink  Alphabetcity tries to put the pieces together. It's uglier than you thought.    Meanwhile, the (Muslim) survivors have been quoted in countless news stories describing how the terr-- "militants," after ascertaining that the civilians were Muslims, asked them were the Westerners lived. But none of the stories asks the follow-up question I would have asked:  "Did you tell them?"
     
    


	 
      News, by definition, usually is bad news. Thousands of passenger jets ply the world's skies every day and touch down safely. You don't read about that in the newspaper. But when one doesn't, that's front-page news.  Yet journalism, to be valid, has to be more than just a daily reaction to splattered blood. Gene Roberts, the great managing editor of the Philadelphia Inquirer, used to say, “Great stories don’t break, they ooze.”  The airliner crash is news because it breaks the normal course of things. In Iraq after the fall of Saddam, there is no normal course of things. But the inertia of journalism grinds on. Explosions and violence rule the coverage, in part because, by reflex, that's what journalists know how to do, know what to see. The violent stories punch their way to the top of every newscast. Flames, screams, mayhem, sometimes on a gruesome scale.  Yet it is equally true that every day in Iraq, many places enjoy peace and prosperity, have clean water and electricity and modern schools that they never had before. Souks bustle and wheat grows and children play. But that is not news. Or is it?  Because now "bad news" is itself the news story. People want to know if the Iraq experiment is working. Every day they open a newspaper or flick on the news, they see the graphic evidence that tells them it is not.  Tonight, my boss gave me a page to fill. He told me to put the "Iraq military wrap" on it. I knew exactly what he meant: The AP's Iraq story is all about skirmishes and car-bombs. It runs every day. So does at least one sidebar (US-Iraq or UN-Iraq) on the political squabbling.  Where's the "reconstruction wrap?" Where's the story on the rebuilding: how well it's going, or isn't; what is getting done, what is not getting done?  Roberts' dictum wasn't about good news or bad news. It was about great stories, real stories, history in the present tense.   urlLink  This editorial column,   by Rod Dreher, a writer for The Dallas Morning News, is behind a password wall, but it's excellent.  It's titled  Q: What's wrong with this picture? A: It's the only one like it we could find.   It's accompanied by an AP photo which bears the caption "Marine Sgt. William Perry of Texarkana, Texas, passed out school supplies at the Anwal Elementary School in Kandari, Iraq, on May 11."    Dreher opens by asking, "Are the news media giving Americans an accurate picture of what's really going on in Iraq?"    Not according to the American people, who say they've seen too many photos of Abu Ghraib prison abuses. A CBS News poll released on May 24 revealed that 61 percent of those polled believe the news media are spending too much time on the Abu Ghraib story. This jibes with what some of us on the editorial board have been hearing more and more: that average Americans believe the news media are obsessed with bad news from Iraq and aren't paying enough attention to the good things going on there.   We decided to search photo wire service archives for the past month, looking for images of U.S. soldiers engaged in helping Iraqis instead of shooting at them. We were startled to discover that the photo accompanying this text was the only image of its kind that moved on the wires in recent weeks. This newspaper's photo department told me that if news photographers aren't shooting those pictures, it's because media back home aren't interested in those stories.    He goes on to make the right point: "It is understandable that breaking news eats up the limited journalistic resources on the ground, but this means that Americans are not getting the complete story from their media."  He then gives a list of the good news that "oozes" out of Iraq. Some of it -- much of it -- I've posted up here in other places: the more than 2,500 schools have been rebuilt or renovated, with 1,500 more scheduled to be completed by year's end (UNICEF report), the propaganda-free textbooks (no more "Baba Saddam, we love you!"). Health-care spending 26 times what it was under Saddam, restoration of the marshlands, the national polls that show, according to the pollsters, "a strikingly optimistic people, expressing growing interest in politics, broad rejection of political violence, rising trust in the Iraqi police and army and preference for an inclusive and democratic government."  He rightly reminds his readers of the big picture, in a sentence which arguably could be a nut-graph in any story out of Iraq: "Whatever mistakes American occupiers have made in Iraq –- and there have been many of them -– the fact remains that the mass murderer who ran Iraq into the ground was overthrown and is now in jail awaiting trial."  An interesting aspect of his article is that he directs his readers to "check out one of the increasingly popular Internet web logs from English-speaking Iraqis living in the country and sharing their reporting and perspectives." He mentions some of the ones I have linked over on the righthand side of this page.  I'm not saying Dreher is copping out. I think he's pretty courageous to address this issue directly. But what does it say when someone representing a major media outlet in this country concedes that the rest of the Iraq story is missing, is going to remain missing, and refers his readers to average Iraqi citizens' Web logs? To me, that's a dereliction of the responsibility that we ought to feel in the First Amendment.  He also cites  urlLink  Jay Rosen's  PressThink.org    Web log. Rosen, head of New York University's journalism department, recently wrote his own  urlLink  analysis of the missing coverage from Iraq.    He takes a slightly different approach. He couches his critique not so much as good news weighed against bad news, but as noticing that a key piece of the information puzzle is missing.   What I'm missing from the news coverage I consume is not "positive" stories or the cheery news out of Iraq-- it's the re-building story in its totality, good, bad and middling. We need to sever that narrative...  what are we doing to re-build Iraq, what are the Iraqi's doing, how is it going, how can we tell?    His conclusion?   The news from Iraq is not too negative; it's too narrow. Bit by bit, and for reasons probably sound at the time, the press allowed its coverage from Iraq to develop as a military story, in which the "security situation" is the base line reality, and threats of violence -- or if not violence, tensions that could fracture the society -- overshadow other things going on. Second place in that narrative goes to the jockeying for political control and influence in the "new" Iraq, especially among the known factions.  Both are essential. Both are truth. But smart journalists could have recognized before the war began that these two stories, responsibly reported, would not be enough to inform Americans about what's going on in the country their own country invaded, promising to re-build it after the fall of Saddam. (A moral promise implicating all of us.) The re-building of Iraq is complicated, sprawling, thick with life -- and a difficult thing to inform us about, especially given the language barrier. It is far less dramatic than a bombing, way more elusive than a briefing.  The entire population of Iraq is a player in the re-building story, not just the political class or clergy. And to get the story requires close attention to changes in daily life -- normal life -- all around the country, including the repair of public infrastructure and the recovery of institutions that make normalcy possible. Then there's the story of bottom-up democracy, the building of which was promised to Iraq, and to the soliders who fought to free Iraq.    Rosen, too, is frustrated because, after tuning in to Iraq for a year, "I learned something about the prosecution of the ongoing war, and a lot about the scandal in the military because of Abu Ghraib. I know a great deal about the politics of the war back in Washington, and among the Bush team. But I have almost no clear picture of daily life and the struggle for normalcy in Iraq after it fell to ruin under Saddam and during the war. Depite spot coverage here and there, including Iraqi-in-the-street stories, I don't know from my own press where the re-building effort actually stands."  And he, too, reports that the source he turns to for this information is the Internet. Specifically, "Iraqi blogs."  The leader of one of the half-dozen top journalism schools in the United States of America gets his real news about Iraq from Zeyad, Alaa, Muhammad, Omar, a dentist, a housewife, people who write for free in their Web cafes in Basra and Baghdad. What about the rest of us?  Rosen looks to the upcoming election and quotes Peter Levine: "A citizen's main responsibility is to decide whether the Bush Administration has done a good job so far, and to vote accordingly this November."   The truth about Iraq after Saddam needed three legs to stand on, and it only got two: the military and security story, the jockeying for power and influence. There ought to have been, from the start, at least a partial preoccupation with re-building Iraq, the recovery of daily life, including the development of measures to chart progress, a task well within the reach of the American press.  On the whole that narrative went missing. It was not inevitable this would happen, but if it did happen, the omission might yet be corrected, or at the very least reflected on when the ombudsmen of the nation sit down and read their mail, or pen their Sunday columns. Did American journalists give the re-building and democracy-building story their best shot? And if they didn't, is there yet time to make a new judgment, put forward a better argument, and set things right in the news from Iraq?  
     
    


	 
      Good news! "Terrorists" are disappearing. At least, the word "terrorist" is disappearing from the major media coverage. The al Qaida killers who slaughtered 22 people over the weekend in Khobar, Saudi Arabia, were described throughout the AP stories merely as "militants."  These are the criminals who, at one point, broke into an Iraqi-American Muslim's room and had a debate, in front of him, about whether to kill him or not. They decided not to (because he was Muslim), and then gave him a lecture about the excellence of Islam -- all while the Swedish man they had perforated with bullets lay bleeding to death on the floor nearby.  Suits my definition of terrorist as one who uses ruthless violence specifically against non-combatants, and seeks maximum exposure of his brutality, in the interest of some political purpose.  Apparently "terrorist" has become too hot and jugmental for the scribes at the Associated Press. Reuters has been studiously avoiding the word for some time. Surely it's an overused word. People in politics throw it at one another all the time. Just like "Nazi" or "anti-Semite" or "racist." But like these words, it does have a meaning, and a journalist, whose business is half in words, half in facts, ought to be able to know when a word fits the facts, and use the right word, rather than banishing a useful term from the vocabulary just because some people get sloppy with it.  Sunday, after reading these stories in the proofs of the paper, I was in the mood to be a pain in the ass and asked, aloud, how come the guys who did 9-11 were terrorists, and these guys are only "militants?"  I don't think a single one of the other five copy editors sitting around the desk had noticed this. Even more amazing, my boss actually had an answer, after he ran it through his head for a second (any longer and he tends to forget the question). It's the kind of answer you might concoct if you thought about it for one tick of the clock. In effect, he said it was because the terr -- I mean "militants" -- were acting in their own country (he somehow knows they were Saudis; that wasn't in the story). That makes them militants, see. When they do it in someone else's country, they're terrorists.  Somehow, though, I don't think that was the AP's reasoning. At least, I don't remember seeing Timothy McVeigh and John Allen Muhammad described in AP articles as "American militants." 
     
    


	 
      Our intrepid political reporter tracked down two local delegates in Boston tonight, to get their reactions to the Kerry grand finale and the convention overall.  I found their words enlightening.  The first is my state representative, a guy I vote for every two years. He's smart, he's a good state rep, and he's a veteran of Democratic Conventions.  Some people have made much of the centerist tone of the convention, as presented from the podium, and how it is so at odds with the opinions and mood on the Fleet Center floor. Kerry and Edwards, who voted for the war in Iraq, talking about staying the course.  David Brooks (New York Times) ran down the list today:   There were so many military men at the Democratic convention that I almost expected John Kerry to mount the stage in full body armor and recite the war speech from "Henry V." As it is, he called for bulking up the military, doubling the size of the Special Forces and crushing the terrorists. He hit Bush from the right, and when he got around to bashing the Saudis, I thought I'd wandered into a big meeting of The Weekly Standard editorial board.  Not only that, Kerry's speech followed an all-hawk medley. Gen. John Shalikashvili called for appreciably increasing the size of the Army. Joe Lieberman called for muscular and idealistic internationalism. Joe Biden said we must "win the death struggle between freedom and radical fundamentalism." Gen. Wesley Clark said we're in "a life or death struggle" against terrorists seeking nuclear weapons.  John Edwards gave a speech that eschewed talk about Halliburton, WMD, misleading the country into war -— the entire liberal catechism. Instead he talked about defeating "every enemy in this new world" and confronting Syria and Iran so they don't interfere with the emergence of a democratic Iraq.   But, as David Broder (Washington Post) observes of the delegates, "80 percent of them say they opposed the decision to start the war in Iraq and 95 percent oppose it now. Unlike Kerry, 62 percent support gay and lesbian marriage. Almost nine out of 10 describe themselves as supporters of gun control."  But my state representative thinks it bodes well for the Democrats that the party's hard core did not surfeit on Bush rhetoric at the convention. He said people are leaving Boston tonight "unsatisfied" and "still hungry."   "At the last convention [2000], there was a lot of visceral Bush-bashing, and while that got you all revved up, it was also a release, so you went away feeling all satisfied. But because there hasn't been Bush-bashing at this convention, it's all been pure about Kerry, I think there's sort of a sense that 'gosh, there's got to be more to it than this.' Because just going 'rah rah,' and 'yeah,' and 'there's another good thing I like about him,' just doesn't give you that same satisfaction as, 'acht! we need tear this other guy apart,' from a very raw political sense."   ["Acht," by the way, is a blunt, but harmless, Pennsylvania Dutch expletive. Dick Cheney should study it.]  The other local delegate we caught from the floor tonight thought Kerry was wonderful, because, "He talked about health care, jobs, education, world security -— he said what he needed to the American people."   "This is my fourth convention, and it's the most upbeat one I've been to. The messages being sent are, we need to stop out-sourcing jobs overseas, we need to strengthen our education system and there are 44 million Americans without health care. If we repeal some of the tax breaks Bush gave to the top one percent of income earners in America, as Mr. Kerry proposed, that would be more than enough to pay for these reforms."    Outsourcing ... education system ... health care ... repeal tax breaks ... reforms.  Let's see, is there anything else on the American agenda tonight?  Oh, yeah, maybe they forgot this:   
     
    


	 
       urlLink  This article   explores, in an oddly offhand way, the tension between the sensuality of belly-dance -- a delicious, ancient, and characteristically Middle Eastern art -- and the prudish anti-sensuality of Islamist fundamentalism.  The topic of the article is the decision by Egypt's state-owned TV to ban music videos where women bare their belly-buttons. The decision was taken in the name of "their daughter's morals." Egypt is not a theocracy, but its government rides a tiger of fundamentalism, and knows how to throw the beast a bone from time to time.  So far, the article reports, 700 videos have been banned, mainly Lebanese productions (the "exuberantly nubile Lebanese singer Nancy Agram" is singled out in the article) but also some Egyptian ones (a local girl named Rubi has drawn the ire of Cairo's fundamentalists).    But lest we accuse Egypt of being alarmist or old-fashioned, it's worth noting that American television imposed a similar restriction in the midst of the permissive Sixties. Curiously, a sitcom inspired by the 1001 Nights elicited the navel ban. I Dream of Genie [sic] was a classic piece of sexist kitsch featuring a curvy actress wearing a jewelled bra and gauzy pants that started out as hip-huggers and ended up around her waist.     There are two problems with this (besides not knowing how to spell "Jeannie"). One is that America in the 1960s was gradually lowering its collective dress code. TV was the final frontier. It was a long slog from Audrey Hepburn to Goldie Hawn. The "permissive Sixties" didn't open with a starter's pistol at dawn on Jan. 1, 1960.  The Barbara Eden series (1965) came along right at the time when women's exposed navels in public were the frontier of the rising tide of sexual liberation. After her came the bizarre era of the "occasional navel" rule, whereby censors would allow a bare belly-button in one scene if the same girl, in another scene in the same outfit, had it covered (you can see that in old "Gilligan's Island" and "Star Trek" episodes). After that came Cher, and "Laugh-In," and the TV belly-button floodgates were open, never to close.  A belly-button is, as the observant anthropologist Desmond Morris has pointed out, a miniature image of vagina. John Updike published a perfect little short story in 1961 called "A&P," which is essentially about a young man who works in a stuffy grocery store at the shore when three girls walk in, one of them in a two-piece suit, and the sight and idea of her, and her boss's reaction to her (lack of) attire drives him into open teen-male rebellion. The girls on the covers of the mid-'60s "Playboys" sported provocatively bare bellies in their hiphugger stretch pants. If you've ever read anything about how the "Playboy" empire operates, you'll know that those covers are scrupulously constructed to be deliberate ideograms of sexual suggestion.  The other problem is that, while Barbara Eden couldn't show her navel in a prime-time TV show, she could, and did, show it in other contexts -- as a young bikini model (it's easy to forget, given how annoying she later became as a perennial Merv Griffen guest, that she was good fun back in the day). She could walk down the beach in a two-piece suit without having to worry about being accosted by religious freaks. In Egypt, since at least as far back as "I Dream of Jeannie," belly-dancers have been forbidden to bare their bellies and navels. Sheer or flesh-colored nylons are allowed, but no bare bellies on belly-dancers. And, according to the article, "Rubi the singing and dancing sex bomb, ... must endure the company of campus security guards while attending class."  Other cultures appreciate and have eroticized the female navel. In Japan, young women commonly pay $2,000 for navel-reconstruction surgery to get an ideal belly-button -- which in that culture is "vertical, very narrow, and absolutely symmetrical." The navel goes to the core of Japaneses culture, says author Hogen Fukunaga. "The navel is the core of everything about the person," Fukunaga wrote in a book about how a navel's shape can diagnose one's ills. Scholars write treatises on the navel, such as the recent "Poetic Reflection on the Navel."   Middle Eastern and Indian culture also respect the belly as a vital center, the place where we all first were connected to life, through the navel. Its importance is reflected in the ancient art and literature of the Middle East and South Asia, which placed great emphasis on women's bellies. In Arab countries, as in Japan, there is a navel aesthetic: A large, hollow navel is regarded as beautiful and is considered lucky.   Like its brother religion, Christianity (and to a lesser extent Judaism), Islam often takes a harsh view of sexuality, and of women's sexuality especially. It seems to associate overt celebration of female sexuality with Islam's ancient enemy, polytheism. Probably this is because old paganisms often were matriarchal at their core, and, as was the case with Christianity in Europe, the goddess rituals naturally proved the most difficult to co-opt or extinguish.  In ancient India, the yantra is a downward-pointing triangle, a sacred female image, and the strongest version of the symbol is the Kali yantra. It represents shakti: the life force, cosmic energy experienced as female. And there is a navel-like dot at the center space, called the bindo, or "seed of life." Likewise, an image of Astarte, the Near Eastern fertility and sexuality goddess, in gold from Syro-Palestine c.1600-1500 B.C.E. reduces the goddess to only a simple face, a sacred triangle, and a navel. Her name itself means "Womb" or "Belly;" in Hebrew, she was called "Tamar."   A navel is the symbolic focal point of the mazes and labyrinths that dot much of the ancient landscapes of the Mediterranean. Francis Huxley ("The Way of the Sacred," 1974) writes: "He who knows how to follow or make the diagram has his passport to the other world and resides in God -- or rather, because the maze honors women and the belly, the Goddess." Mazes and labyrinths were found in the palaces of Minoan Crete, the most goddess-centered of all the early cultures, and are engraved on their coins, with the entrance at the bottom, representing the vulva, and the seat of the goddess in the center, the navel. These mazes were not places to get lost, but rather pathways to journey through on the way to the ritual space.   There once was an omphalos, or "navel-shrine," where the prophetic priestess of the Earth Goddess dwelt at Delphi before patriarchal religion converted the place to the service of Apollo. So patriarchal a figure as Aeschylus recorded that Gaia was the first to be worshipped at Delphi, followed by her daughters Themis and Phoebe. Asherah, one Canaanite form of the Goddess worshipped by the early Hebrews, was a daughter of Astarte. Asherah had a shrine at Shechem, mentioned in the Old Testament, known as the "navel of the land," which has been compared to Delphi.  This part of a woman's body naturally was prominent in the ritual erotic dances that were part of her religion, and which have come down, much disguised and altered, in modern belly-dance. Even detached from its origins, the modern belly-dance embodies a heady eroticism that can transcend narrow cultural perceptions of age, physical beauty, and sensuality. But clearly these ancient belly-dances had originally a magical, mystical power. The poet Ram Prasad, addressing Kali, wrote, "My heart is five lotuses. You building these five into one, dance and swell in my mind." In Turkish, one of the words for "dance" is a variation of the word  boyu,  which means "magic, witchcraft."  In part, too, the Middle Eastern repression of belly-dance may reflect a jealous regard for women's sexuality in a culture where women are a sort of property, to be bartered between families and hidden in harems. In this case, it is not so much a matter of what a woman does in her body, but of not crossing the line between public and private. And a desexualized woman, obviously, is easier to control.  "Many and subtle are the forms of violence to which Egyptian women have grown inured," the article notes. "On the unsubtle side we have Mohammed Omar, columnist for the state-owned daily Al-Akhbar, who maintains that only ugly women attract abuse and every man '[has] the right to do what [abusive] men have done.' "  So we should recuse ourselves from judging the Egyptian situation as "alarmist or old-fashioned" (I'd call it harsher things) because of what happened on our TV screens in 1965. That strikes me as a shoddy attempt at pre-emptive moral equivalency.
     
    


	 
       urlLink  The "commentary in today's "Asia Times"   makes it clear who is responsible for the ethnic slaughter in Sudan.  It's George W. Bush, of course.    The sad truth is that thousands of people in Darfur have died, and many more probably will and at least in part, because of George W Bush's and Tony Blair's failed adventure in Iraq. Two of the states militarily and logistically best equipped to intervene in Sudan have in effect ruled themselves out even as effective advocates of a rescue mission.     The world can't "trust" America and Britain anymore. We're to be shunned and ignored because we liberated Iraq from Saddam and are busy trying to give it back to its people as a free and democratic society. Because of that we're the bad boys who have to sit in time out for a generation or so. And if the world goes to hell in the interval, everyone knows who's to blame.  The piece goes on to compare Bush to Jack the Ripper.   One can indeed despair of the Arab world's tolerance for its own rulers' barbarities. But we have to admit that after the war on Iraq, the treatment of prisoners in Abu Ghraib and Guantanamo, the US's total protection for Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's pogroms in Gaza, and the xenophobic anti-Muslim and anti-Arab outbursts in the U.S., it is hardly surprising that many governments and their people across the world will cut some slack for any Arab regime in the face of US "concern" at its behavior.    Yes, one can indeed lament the few idiotic American brutes who for a few nights acted out their sadistic fantasies in Abu Ghraib. But at the same time, one can also apply a couple of brain cells and recognize the different between a cultural aberration, condemned and punished by the nation, and radical Islam's systematic religious policy of genocide that has gone on for hundreds of years.  "Sharon's pogroms"? Oh, please! The Israelis are efficient. If they wanted to hold an "organized extermination" (look up "pogrom") Gaza wouldn't be the teeming slum it is. Systematically decapitating the poisonous Hamas snake that intends to kill you does not count as a "pogrom."  "Anti-Arab outbursts in the U.S."? Oh, yes, the black Sudanese will just have to die because some loudmouths in the U.S. sometimes write stupid things about Arabs in AOL chat rooms. That's why so many Muslims are fleeing America, and none will dare to set foot in this country. Oops, except for  urlLink  the 7,000 or so who are moving as a lump to my state even as you read this.   Well, but then there are plenty of black Africans clamoring to get under the rule of Arab purist thugs in Darfur and plenty of Jews queueing up to move to Saudi Arabia, so, moral equivalency, you know.  It might be possible somewhere in this article to mention the truth that Arabs and Muslims in this land of immigrants generally had it no worse than other ethnicities, until their brothers across the sea got it into their heads that killing Americans by the thousands was a legitimate policy. And that Islamic organizations in the U.S. seem to have been more interested in decrying "xenophobia" than terrorism. And that even with all that, Arab-Americans are less oppressed than Arabs who stay home in, say, Syria or Yemen.  The writer then points out why no other world power or regional coalition can, or will, do what needs to be done in Darfur.   The United Nations itself is not designed to conduct robust operations that could involve serious fighting, which is why it often "franchises" them. Ideally, the Arab League should act, but it will not. The African Union has made a start, but it is hopelessly under-resourced, and similar regional operations in Sierra Leone and Liberia were much-mitigated successes.   It would be good if some of the stronger Asian powers, even if it involved North Atlantic Treaty Organization and US backup, could get involved, but Pakistan being Muslim -- and India not being Muslim -- could complicate that. Indeed, Japan and South Korea, not having any dog in the fight at all, as former US secretary of state James Baker once put it, would be ethically preferable, if their militaries were up to it.   Failing that, perhaps in this case, this is a matter on which the European Union could be given the blue-flag franchise, and especially Germany, whose clean credentials on the Iraq war clear it of the Crusader connotations.   But one thing is very clear: the United Kingdom, the United States, Australia and other active "coalition" partners should stay in the background, at best offering logistics and funding and the most discreet diplomatic support. And in a few years, maybe they will emerge from probation as good global citizens and be listened to once again.   Clear the way; here comes Germany. Only Germany can save the day because only Germany never did anything expansionist in North Africa, so, ...         ... whoops. There goes that idea. As if you could have convinced the German Greens to go along with it anyhow.  And there the article ends. Women continue to be raped, children murdered or condemned to slow death by starvation, men burned alive in front of their market stalls. Ethnic cleansing, enslavement, religious terrorism. But by the end of an opinion piece that started out being about "Darfur: The case for intervention," Darfur and all its inhabitants have disappeared from view. They're gone from the prose, just as they will soon be gone from the face of the earth, if this writer's worldview prevails.  And that's too damn bad, but as is known to any good global citizen, who has been taught to think like this writer, the only real problem is always America. And of course those slaughtered Africans -- most of whom (Fur, Masalit, and Zaghawa tribes) also are Muslims -- will have to realize that, too. Even though Arabs rode them down to the dust and killed them, it was all George Bush's fault. Explain it to them; I'm sure they'll understand.  Jack the Ripper indeed.  
     
    


	 
      Yesterday, when I got change back after paying for a Hunan chicken at the corner Chinese place, the cashier put a wheat-leaf penny in my hand with the other coins. I might not have noticed if she had given it to me heads-up, it was so clean and bright, like a new-minted coin.   But there it was, from 1957, looking like it had fallen down someone's sofa cushions and hidden there unused since three years before I was born.  Coins fascinated me when I was a child. I studied the old U.S. designs, and foreign coins (the French had the most beautiful money, the British had the most important). And I horded wheat pennies when they came my way. But I can't tell you how long it's been since I got one in change. Two years? When I first became aware of money, in the late 1960s, they were common. I still have a big jar full of them that I saved. Slowly their numbers diminished and all but vanished.  Silver coin still lived then, too: dimes from 1964 rang differently on a countertop than the cheap alloy ones that came later. My grandparents, when they moved to southern Florida in 1962, still would get Indian head pennies in change at the local grocery.  Something about the look of this design takes me back much further than 1909 (when it replaced the Indian head cent). The dominant element is the big "one cent," as if it had to be made very clear to people what this was, what it signified. In that, it's like the earliest American money. And there's a point to it. Nickles issued in 1883 had a new design with a prominent Roman numeral V but no "cents," and sharpers brass-plated them and passed them off in rural regions as 5-dollar gold coins. The government fixed that the next year.  The old penny is clean and Roman in its design, it seems to me. The silly architecture of the Lincoln memorial is appropriate to a commemorative coin, not to a working money; it's like those ungodly state commemorative quarters.  But I turn 44 today, and maybe I'm just getting old.
     
    


	 
      Newsroom dilemma of the day: An aerticle on Al Franken speaking at the Democratic Convention. Does it go in the entertainment column or on a news page? Maybe we need a new category of news. Politainment? Enterlics?
     
    


	 
      I was reading about the murder of Zahra Kazemi, the Canadian photojournalist beaten to death during interrogation in prison in Iran in 2003. She had been arrested while photographing student protests in Tehran. (Iranian authorities initially said she died of a stroke). Something jumped out at me, amid the whole sordid tale.  After a trial ended in charges dismissed against a low-level prison official (not the higher-ranking one that human rights activists said probably did the killing), Kazemi's Canadian son, Stephan Hashemi, was offered about $12,000 in "blood money" by the Iranian government as compensation for his mother's murder. Hashemi indignantly rejected the money, and good for him.  Under Iranian law, compensation for families of murder victims is set at $24,000 for a Muslim man, and about half that for a woman. Until only a couple of years ago, the rate for men of "tolerated" religions -- Christians, Jews, and Zoroastrians -- was half that of Muslim men. Their women were half again, meaning the life of a Christian woman in Iran was valued at less than a quarter that of a Muslim man. As for Bah'ais, etc., forget it: no blood money, no rights, no nothing.  The Iranian theocracy, in a burst of reforming spirit, has upped the value of a tolerated non-Muslim man's life. But it hasn't been able to bring itself to admit women, even Islamic women, to equality.  Blood money is a barbaric relic, but it has its function, in a country where most people don't have insurance. If a breadwinner is slain, it helps his family survive. It's also true that Iranian women, especially in the few years since reformists began loosening the theocrats' grip, enjoy better rights than women in many other Muslim countries. They're now active members of the workforce, and they fill many senior public and private-sector positions.  "By participation in society women have changed the economic conditions of their families," said Fatameh Rakei, head of the parliament's committee on women's issues. "Most of them are responsible for covering family expenses." The murder of such a woman would have a catastrophic financial impact on her family.  But reformists such as Rakei have had no luck in getting an equalization of the blood money in Iran. The problem? Iran is bound by Shari'a Law. And "female breadwinner" and "seventh century A.D." just don't mix.  Any proposal approved by Iran's parliament also must be cleared by the hardline Guardian Council, which is responsible for ensuring that legislation conforms with  Shari'a Law.  The Islamic definition of blood money is one of the following: 100 camels, 200 cows, 1,000 sheep, 200 silk dresses, 1,000 gold coins, or 10,000 silver coins. Authorities have set cash equivalents to simplify matters. That much modernization they could stomach without sensing they were violating Allah's commandments. "But it is clearly stipulated in the Koran that women get half blood money," a high-ranking cleric told Reuters in 2002.  Now, remind me again why  urlLink  important women's rights leaders in Britain consider it "a badge of honour" to form an alliance with Islamist preachers.   As the writer here says, "Just because women wear the hijab, for example, does not mean that they are more oppressed than other women."  She specifically embraces Sheikh A-Qaradawi, who has said on the BBC that it's "God's justice" for Palestinian killers to target Israeli women in suicide bombing attacks, because "an Israeli woman is not like women in our societies, because she is a soldier."  As for Jews, he says, "There is no dialogue between us except by the sword and the rifle."
     
    


	 
      Maya Angelou, at the Democratic convention last night, read as pure a piece of poetry as she ever spoke. Of course, it wasn't hers.  She read a quote from Fannie Lou Hamer, a Mississippi sharecropper's daughter who challenged the Democratic Party at its 1964 convention to break down the color barrier. The words came from a plain-spoken woman with a workaday prose that broke through clouds because it did without the verbal frumpery of Angelou's strained verse.    "What do I think of my country? What is that which elevates my shoulders and stirs my blood when I hear the words, the United States of America? Do I praise my country enough? Do I laud my fellow citizens enough? What is there about my country which makes me hang my head and avert my eyes when I hear the words the United States of America? What am I doing about it? Am I relating my disappointment to my leaders and to my fellow citizens, or am I like one, not involved, sitting high and looking low?"    Why does it seem that the two halves of that statement have diverged into the two political camps of the modern political scene?
     
    


	 
      Everyone's raving about Barack Obama's speech last night at the Democratic Convention. Everyone -- liberals and conservatives. It goes to show, I think, how refreshed most people in this country are (and not just white people) to find an emerging leader from a minority background who has a transcendant message, who can win without the cheat of gerrymander districting, who can make a color-blind appeal past the cycle of guilt-mongering. His ancestors were in Africa while those of most American blacks were in slavery.  I was working, so I didn't hear his speech with the full force. I wish I had; I love the pulpit style, it's one of the great rhetorical arts of the human experience. But I've read the speech. I hope Obama wrote this himself. It's wonderful:    This year, in this election, we are called to reaffirm our values and commitments, to hold them against a hard reality and see how we are measuring up, to the legacy of our forbearers, and the promise of future generations.    Yes! Can anything be more appealing to someone whose sense of America's present is rooted in its history? And, to top it off, he said the thing I've been waiting for John Kerry to prove he knows:     Now let me be clear. We have real enemies in the world. These enemies must be found. They must be pursued – and they must be defeated.     To which he added, "John Kerry knows this." I like Mr. Obama. But with all due respect, I'm not going to take his word for it on something as important as this. I need to be convinced by the man himself.  One of the most thoughtful blog posts today is  urlLink  this one from Dean Esmay,   one of the writers in this medium who can earn respect of both liberals and conservatives. He looks ahead to America after the (hypothetical, but possible) election of John Kerry. All the problems and challenges remain. Conservatives/Republicans (and that would include me) have tended to condemn many liberals/Democrats as being more focused on humiliating and defeating the incumbent party than in dealing with the serious crisis of terrorism and uniting in a time of war.  What happens when the positions are reversed? Esmay writes, "I do find myself wondering: how many of you on the right will embrace such a philosophy if John Kerry should carry the election in November? ... How many of you will have the patriotism to say, 'I disagree with many of his policy directions, I do not think he is conducting our foreign policy in the right way, but I will do my best to get behind him and support him until elections come around next time?' "   I'm genuinely curious. For that is the stance I intend to take. I will refuse to call him traitor, loser, liar, incompetent. He will be my President, my Commander In Chief, the Chief Executive of a great nation, elected by the will of a majority of the electors in these 50 great united States. So even if he does things I disagree with in conducting foreign policy, I will say, "I respectfully disagree with the President's directions, but I will do my best to express my dissent respectfully and hope that I am mistaken and that he has made the proper decisions after all."  That's my pledge. How many of you will take a similar one?   OK, I'm down with that, though I'm not necessarily the audience he is addressing. Anybody else?  The very conservative  urlLink  Hugh Hewitt,   for instance, writing from the convention, is staking out the hostility in terms that you might get used to hearing if the 2004 election ends up like that of 1992.   The delegates and their nominee are hard-left – the most left-wing convention in American political history. The talking points all stress happy faces and lowered voices, but Michael Moore is the crown prince of this assembly, even as it prepares to give John Kerry a blessing. ... The delegates hate Bush, want out of Iraq, want courts to impose same-sex marriage, and want taxes hiked on all but the poorest Americans. The policy on abortion rights is absolutist; on race-based remedies, the answer hasn't changed since 1978 – quotas by any other name will do.   I played a game on the radio show yesterday, the convention's first day. We played a version of Groucho Marx's "secret word." We were prepared to declare a winner when the first Democrat I interviewed mentioned al-Qaida. None did. It just isn't an issue with them. The consensus seems to be that if Bush is beaten, al-Qaida will no longer threaten Americans.    And he writes of another groups of Americans, the ones who turn up in long lines at his book-signings. "I think this group has begun to move into the political conflict, convinced that the war needs fighting and winning, and outraged at the Moore gang's hostility to all that America stands for. The left wanted another Vietnam, thinking they'd win the domestic battle again. But what they may have brought about is the mobilization of another, stronger, larger silent majority."  A democracy can only work if the people's commitment to being a democracy is greater than their passion for one or another political position. The direct dangers are demagogues and tyrants and mobs, but the root of the evil is a fanaticism that insists  they  can't be trusted with the government, and we're better off with a bloody revolution or a martial law dictatorship than allowing  them  to rule.  This commitment to democracy must be kept -- even if the other side has jettisoned it. Once a nation has lost that, reach for your gun. Our national rituals include gracious concession speeches and defeated incumbents riding to inaugurations beside victors. The Greeks would have understood the desperate importance of that.  More from Obama:   It's what allows us to pursue our individual dreams, yet still come together as a single American family. "E pluribus unum." Out of many, one.  Now even as we speak, there are those who are preparing to divide us, the spin masters and negative ad peddlers who embrace the politics of anything goes. Well, I say to them tonight, there's not a liberal America and a conservative America — there is the United States of America. There's not a black America and white America and Latino America and Asian America — there is the United States of America.  The pundits, the pundits like to slice and dice our country into red states and blue states; red states for Republicans, blue states for Democrats. But I've got news for them, too. We worship an awesome God in the blue states, and we don't like federal agents poking around our libraries in the red states. We coach Little League in the blue states and have gay friends in the red states. There are patriots who opposed the war in Iraq and patriots who supported it. We are one people, all of us pledging allegiance to the stars and stripes, all of us defending the United States of America.   It's what  used to be  boilerplate in political rhetoric. It's not a platform, and it's not a program, and it's fuzzy as a milkweed pod, but we need to keep telling ourselves stuff like this.
     
    


	 
       urlLink   It's time to save Darfur The Ottawa Citizen  Tuesday, July 27, 2004      The Sudanese government made a false promise to protect the people in Darfur, and has threatened guerrilla war if other nations try to help them. Courage must replace patience in dealing with Khartoum.  Under the cover of a 21-year civil war, the Arab Islamist government in Khartoum has been using bandit gangs called Janjaweed to drive black people in its western territory from their homes. The gangs are made up of nomads threatened by desertification and who are loyalists of President Omar el-Bashir; the farmers in Darfur have land Mr. el-Bashir wants to give them. The farmers are also Muslim, though not generally Islamists.  With support from government helicopters and bombers, the Janjaweed have rampaged across Darfur for over a year. The villages are burned, the wells poisoned, the women raped en masse. Disease is spreading and famine looms over more than a million people driven from their homes. Thirty thousand people are dead and hundreds of thousands more are doomed unless they are protected and fed.  The U.S. Congress has declared the attacks a genocide, the European Union is threatening sanctions, and the African Union is having a meeting next week. It concedes a "powerful sense of urgency," which, by its standards, is a bitter condemnation. (The U.S. Congress is showing its sense of urgency by asking President George Bush to consider sending troops, with or without multilateral approval.)  Britain, Sudan's former colonial ruler, has claimed a "moral responsibility" to help, and might send as many as 5,000 troops. But if it does, Sudanese Foreign Minister Mustafa Osman Ismail has as much as threatened a terrorist backlash: "You know what is going to happen in one or two months, these troops are going to be considered by the people of Darfur as occupying forces, and you'll have the same incidents you are facing in Iraq," he said last week in Paris.  In other words, we own this place and we own its people, and we will do with them as we wish. If you try to stop us, we will fight you and we will kill your aid workers.  Under intense pressure from UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan, Mr. el-Bashir pledged to rein in the Janjaweed starting July 3, but according to Jan Pronk, Mr. Annan's special envoy to Sudan, Khartoum has made "no progress whatsoever" doing so.  The United States and Britain are pushing a Security Council resolution to impose trade sanctions, but they're having trouble getting it passed. Pakistan and China, for instance, are hesitant to interfere with Sudan's oil trade, which supplies about 300,000 barrels a day to Asia, partly pumped by a Chinese company.  The critics of the war in Iraq, those who said that was all about oil, are silent. France, the great multilateralist, has given just $6 million to a UN fund for Darfur, which Mr. Annan says needs $350 million. (The Americans have found $130 million so far.)  But for the aid to mean anything, the people of Darfur must have security, which Mr. Ismail has indicated the Sudanese government will deny them. These are the words of both a terrorist and a promoter of genocide, not a man who will be swayed by threats of trade sanctions. The world has dithered and innocents have died. It's time to find the nerve to act.   Meanwhile,  urlLink  the brutality continues.      AU monitors declared on Wednesday that government-backed Arab militiamen chained and burned alive civilians in a raid on a market in Darfur.   "The attackers looted the market and killed civilians, in some cases chaining them and burning them alive," said a report released in Nairobi by AU ceasefire observers in the region.   The report said the African Union monitors went to Suleia village, where the militia raid occurred July 3.   It said the raid was carried out by "militia elements believed to be Janjaweed."   "This was an unwarranted and unprovoked attack on the civilian population," the report said. However, it could not substantiate allegations that Sudanese government forces took part in the raid alongside the Janjaweed.     
     
    


	 
       urlLink       Of all the stupid things written about this war, probably the most unnerving  urlLink  was this gem from lardy propagandist Michael Moore  :    The Iraqis who have risen up against the occupation are not "insurgents" or "terrorists" or "The Enemy." They are the REVOLUTION, the Minutemen, and their numbers will grow -- and they will win. Get it, Mr. Bush?    A spittle-flinging rant, but it's revealing. Moore is prone to say interesting things like this when he escapes his handlers and speaks his mind instead of sticking to talking points. What's interesting here is not the loopiness, but the degree to which he's right.  It's possible he simply wrote that to enrage people. But he published it on his own Web site, where his faithful go to hear his message. This piece was his reaction to a Bush State of the Union speech. And even if the intent was to provoke, the particular image he conjured up puts his thinking in perspective. This is not an insane person. This is an intelligent man, albeit one with a severe vision problem. The point at which his parallel shears away from reality is where we see into his nature.  Moore's making a historical comparison. Does it hold up? How were the American "Revolutionaries" and "Minutemen" like the modern Iraqi "resistance"?  Both were fighting the greatest military force on earth in their day. Both used unconventional fighting tactics that were denounced by their enemies. The 18th century was unblessed by Geneva Conventions, but the colonials' tactic of hiding behind trees and walls, firing and then running away, was highly "unsporting."  The thug-armies trying to bring down Iraq into chaos today terrorize and killed the people in their own land who prefered cooperating with the Americans or the new native government. American rebels had their dark moments and characters, too. Tories were hounded, beaten, terrorized, driven from their homes, and sometimes lynched. The word "lynch" seems to date from the late Revolutionary period. Of course, this work was mostly done by irregulars, and the military authorities, including Washington and Anthony Wayne, punished it severely.  The American rebels, like the Iraqi insurgents today, counted on other great powers, jealous of the one they were fighting against, to hamstring the giant. What France, Spain, and Holland did for the colonial rebels, Iran, France, and Syria try in their various ways to do in Iraq.  The American rebels, like the Iraqi insurgents today, knew they had important allies in the political opposition in the homeland of the nation they were fighting. Lifelong opponents of the Crown in Parliament continued to fight it when the rebellion broke out. Their speeches were widely reprinted and praised in the rebel territories.  The American rebels, like the Iraqi insurgents today, knew their strategy was not so much a matter of winning on the battlefield, but of making their enemy pay a prohibitive cost to stay the course. A battle like Bunker Hill, which by any military account the Americans lost, boosted rebel morale because they had managed to kill many enemy soldiers, even while getting chased from the field.  Indeed, the Iraqi insurgents enjoy advantages the American rebels would have envied. George Bush, despite the brayings of his enemies, holds nowhere near the power in his government that George III wielded in his. American Loyalists proved indispensible to the British, moreso than the Iraqis -- so far -- have proven to be to the Americans. And what would have been the effect on Britain of an 18th century CNN that would beam images of dead redcoats, or weeping colonials outside their burning homes, into every parlor in London?  The parallels implied by Moore's quip are on the practical level, and of the sort that will always be common among underdog rebels fighting world powers. The question that matters is, "what are they fighting for?" In both cases, the answer is both complex and simple. In any one man or woman, in Boston or Fallujah, it might be a mix of motives, some purely personal (grudges, thirst for revenge), some purely patriotic or tribal, some religious. But here is how the leaders of the Minutemen came to state their case:    "That all men are created equal; that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights; that among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness; that, to secure these rights, governments are instituted among men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed; that whenever any form of government becomes destructive of these ends, it is the right of the people to alter or to abolish it, and to institute new government, laying its foundation on such principles, and organizing its powers in such form, as to them shall seem most likely to effect their safety and happiness."    And the Islamists, who are the most effective and dramatic elements of the Iraqi resistance, have stated their goal. If the common goal of the resistance -- driving out the Americans and collapsing the Allawi government -- succeeds, Iraq will become a Taliban paradise of crushing religious fundamentalism and terror colleges. The Islamists have their own declarations:   It seems, in fact, that the wild beasts in the White House have forgotten or have tried to forget one very important thing, which is, in all pride -- the Al-Qaeda organization. This organization, which strikes fear in the hearts of the infidel West, turns youth into people who have nothing in this world but their devotion to Allah and to His Prophet Mohammed, and who are the tormentors of the sons of whores [i.e. the West], and who are shining examples of estrangement from the sins of this world ... and of selling their souls to Allah.   ... Therefore, an eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth. Even though the Americans have bombs possessing enormous power, Al-Qaeda is even more powerful than they, and it has in its possession bombs which are called "dirty bombs", and bombs with deadly viruses, which will spread fatal diseases throughout American cities .... The coming days will prove that Kaedat el-Jihad is capable of turning America into a sea of deadly radiation, and this will prove to the world that the end is at hand .... Yes, we will destroy America and its allies, because they have used their power for evil against the weak. And now, the end approaches at the hand of the enlightened [Islamic] youth astride their horses [fighting the war against the infidels].    [Abu Shihab El-Kandahari, Dec. 26, 2002]     And between those two passages lies all the difference that Moore and his friends fail to see. For all these coincidental similarities between Minutemen and jihadis, to fail to distinguish their difference is like saying a Red Cross blood drive is the same thing as a vampire attack.  The fault of Moore and those like him, I think, is to see only what goes on in American politics. They see only America. The rest of the world is something that reacts to America, or suffers under it. They don't know or care what the imams want to work on Iraq. The only thing that matters is getting rid of That Man in the White House.  They validate Moore's own line (the one he uses in overseas speeches, but not at home) about Americans being the stupidest people on earth.
     
    


	 
      Meanwhile, we are getting word back from Iraq that  urlLink  "Farenheit 9/11" downloads are making the rounds of U.S. military bases in Iraq and dragging down the morale of soldiers.    Moore quoted Abraham Lincoln ("... you know the old saying from Abraham Lincoln, give the people the facts and the Republic will be safe") in a "Today" interview recently. Lincoln, too, knew such men as Moore in his nation when he was a president at war. They did their best to demoralize his soldiers and turn the nation against him, using their media bully pulpits to inform on his administration's flaws and secret agendas.  Old Abe did not hesitate to strip them of their property and power, throw them in jail, and sometimes have them banished or sentenced to death. Here's what he said in defense of it:    And yet again, he who dissuades one man from volunteering, or induces one soldier to desert, weakens the Union cause as much as he who kills a union soldier in battle. Yet this dissuasion, or inducement, may be so conducted as to be no defined crime of which any civil court would take cognizance.  ... Must I shoot a simpleminded soldier boy who deserts, while I must not touch a hair of a wily agitator who induces him to desert? This is none the less injurious when effected by getting a father, or brother, or friend into a public meeting, and there working upon his feelings till he is persuaded to write the soldier boy that he is fighting in a bad cause, for a wicked administration of a comtemptible government, too weak to arrest and punish him if he shall desert. I think that, in such a case, to silence the agitator and save the boy is not only constitutional but withal a great mercy.  [ Letter to Erastus Corning, June 12, 1863 ]   I think it was wrong when Lincoln did it. I think it certainly would be wrong to even suggest doing it now. But the interesting part is, many people today believe Lincoln did everything right. He ended slavery, after all. Certainly such an ends justifies rough means. The jailed dissidents were the broken eggs on the way to the great omelette.  Besides, Lincoln was doing this to "conservatives." The Democrats of the North were the conservatives of their day. Those jailed American dissidents, who numbered in the tens of thousands, had complex and varied opinions about union and war and slavery and government. (They were racists, by modern standards, but so was everyone else, Lincoln included.) They bitterly denounced Lincoln's trampling of the Constitution to wage a war in which the dissenters, who called themselves patriots, saw only national destruction and narrow partisan advantage.  Sound familiar?  Ah, but when you sit in the present and see them only in the rear-view mirror, they were defending those Southern racist rednecks that progressive intellectuals today just love to denigrate. The curious thing is, the same people who think political repression in the name of homeland security was a great move by Lincoln, valid and justified, are the ones who have been to see "Farenheit 9/11" three times, and celebrate the news that it is spreading demoralization among the U.S. troops in Iraq. 
     
    


	 
      The opening night of the Democratic Convention looked like a good show (I was working so I didn't get to really watch). From what I read, a lot of the right people stepped up and said a lot of the right things.  But one thing irked me: Jimmy Carter repeating the false meme that America squandered the "goodwill" of the world that was ours after 9/11.  True, there was a reflex of sympathy in many places, especially Europe. But what made it remarkable was that it was so out of character. And it was doomed one way or another.  In many places, it never existed. The "Arab Street" danced in the streets of its capitals when our people died on Sept. 11. They hated us before the first Iraq war, and have hated us ever since. The Bush Administration has failed to spark much obvious good will in most places in the Middle East, but it's not like he lost anything we had in Carter's day.  And in fact, our position against Saddam and the Taliban has made America more popular in some parts of the globe. India certainly isn't complaining. And Eastern Europe still has the memory of repression fresh in mind, so it recognizes what we are trying to do.  But what Carter really meant was "Western Europe," which, to an American liberal intellectual's "New Yorker" cover world, certainly passes for the globe. He as much as said so when he said, "Unilateral acts and demands have isolated the United States from  the very nations we need to join us in combating terrorism. " [emphasis added] It's a safe bet he wasn't talking about, say, Honduras or Gabon.  And the sympathy that flowed for Americans from those places after 9/11 only lasted as long as we stayed flat on the ground, beaten and bloody. As soon as we stood up, dusted ourselves off, and started to do something about it, it vanished. It was the international political version of Monty Python vaudeville; the corpse of America wouldn't stay dead long enough for Old Europe to finish delivering its eulogy.  What Carter didn't go so far as to say, but many people I work with do say, is that the Europeans  always  loved America until mean ol' George Bush came along and made them hate us.  This is nonsense. Evidently, such people have never read  Le Monde  or  Der Spiegel  or  The Guardian.  French "sympathy" for the U.S. stood at 35% -- in 1996. It's hardly worse today. The French book with the title translated as  The American Cancer  wasn't published in the shadow of U.S. "hegemony" in the Middle East. It was published in 1930. Anti-American sentiment in Canada dates to (and still routinely invokes) the War of 1812. Jean-François Revel, author of  L’obsession anti-américaine,  tells of how someone who grows up reading the European media and the elite writers of the continent would naturally come to believe America is plagued by poverty, inequality, “no unemployment benefits, no retirement, no assistance for the destitute,” and medical care and university education only for the rich -- and he wasn't writing about the post-Iraq era. He grew up before the Vietnam War.    urlLink  Bruce Bawer at Hudson Review   has written a wrap review of the stack of recent books about America, many of them by European writers. His critiques are leavened with personal stories; as an American who has lived in Europe since 1998, Bawer knows the turf.   He also knows, as my co-workers seem to have forgotten, that the vintage of Old Europe's America-hating bile is a lot older than 2003.    To be sure, Western European intellectuals often claim, as Norwegian author Jens Bjørneboe did in a 1966 essay, “We Who Loved America,” that they once were pro-American but, owing to some social change in America or some U.S. government action, have altered their position. The current claim is that Europeans loved America until the Iraq War; before that, it was a truism that they loved America until Vietnam. But Bromark and Herbjørnsrud state flatly that “It wasn’t the Vietnam War that made European intellectuals, authors and academics anti-American. The truth is that they had been anti-American all along.” As early as 1881, the Norwegian author Bjørnsterne Bjørnson argued that Europe’s America-bashing had to stop; even earlier, in 1869, James Russell Lowell complained that Europeans invariably saw America “in caricature.” Indeed, nineteenth-century European aristocrats despised America as a symbol of progress, innovation, and (above all) equality, ridiculing it as a mongrel land of simple-minded Indians and blacks; later, avaricious Jews were added to the list. These stereotypes soon spread to Americans generally, resulting in today’s European-establishment view of Americans as materialistic morons. 	   And he didn't even mention Sydney Smith.
     
    


	 
         "Come let me tell you who the Jews are. The Jews have lied about the Creator, and even more so about His creations. The Jews are the murderers of the prophets, the violators of agreements, of whom Allah said: 'Every time they make a promise under oath, some of them violated it; most of them are unbelievers.' These are the Jews: usurers and whoremongers. They will leave you nothing, neither this world nor religion."  These words are heard frequently on Al-Jazeera, in various commentaries coming from hosts like Sheikh Qaradhawi and other speakers who appear in panel discussions. The words are never challenged.  They come from Osama Bin Laden. It is from his famous "Feast of the Sacrifice" sermon.     urlLink  'CNN of Middle East' a TV network that only George Orwell could love   by Charles Adler of the Winnipeg Sun.
     
    


	 
       urlLink  Soft on Islam, by Klaus Rohrich.   Don't know how long this link will be up, but here's how it starts:   Last Sunday a Methodist minister in Coquitlam BC urged his parishioners to go out and set fire to all the area’s mosques. On the same weekend, a Catholic clergyman in Yonkers, N.Y. rigged a couple of his altar boys with dynamite-laden vests and sent them out to blow up the headquarters of the Muslim-American Association of New York. A month previous, a Baptist minister in Atlanta, Georgia called for the eradication of all Muslims and told his church that if they died while engaged in the act of killing Muslim "Infidels", they would be guaranteed a spot in Heaven, at the right hand of Jesus. A Rabbi in Stockholm, Sweden urged his Schul to form up gangs and "smite Muslims, wherever they may find them".  Sound absurd? Of course it does, as no Christian or Jewish cleric today would dream of doing anything of the sort. However, that isn’t the case with the world’s fastest growing religion. Almost daily, Islamic clerics are calling for, among other things, the destruction of Israel, the destruction of the Great Satan, America, the killing of infidel tourists around the world and the death of all Jews.  However, there is little or no reaction from the so-called civilized world to this genocidal ranting. In fact, the West seems to tiptoe around anything to do with Islamic malfeasance. I do not understand this. Is it because we are afraid that by excoriating their racist slander, they will turn on us, or is it because of some misguided sense of tolerance and acceptance of cultural differences?   UPDATE:  urlLink  See here   for the long-term link to this piece, and thanks to "passer-by" for locating it.
     
    


	 
      The Sept. 11 commission report doesn’t directly address the Iraq war. That’s deliberate. The commission chairmen said they opted for a strict interpretation of their mandate, and they kept the focus on Sept. 11, 2001, and its immediate aftermath.  They frankly admit that doing otherwise would have jeopardized their ability to make a report at all. The bipartisan National Commission on Terrorist Attacks Upon the United States (to call it by its full name), is deeply divided about the propriety of this war. So is the American people. It’s an honest difference that too often devolves into polemics and demagoguery.  But the panel did the nation, as well as itself, a service by sidestepping Iraq. It wrote a saga of Sept. 11 that ranks with the best prose produced in the name of that awful day. To read it is to feel again the grip in the throat and the shock of horror.  And it reminds us that, whether we agree about Iraq, a real and very dangerous enemy attacked us, and intends to do so again.  The tale of the Islamist terrorists and what they wrought in America with box-cutters and credit cards reminds us again how ill-prepared we were, and are, for all our military might, for the new war. Our enemy is a major force in one of the world’s great religions; how do you fight a religion with tank battalions?  As we measure up presidential candidates this summer, much of the focus will be on Iraq. But perhaps the better measure of their qualification is, do they understand Sept. 11? Do they recognize the enemy of that day? Do they have a sane plan to defeat it?
     
    


	 
      It's what I'm missing right now in American politics and public life. Oh, not selfish ambition: there's plenty of that. But a kind of morally guided ambition to do public good, and to feel the pure joy that derives from that. It was an essential quality in the democracies of ancient times. It was recognized as such by our Founders.  Ron Chernow's new Hamilton biography describes the young immigrant lad at the point of making his first foray into public political life, as a college student, with the Revolution gathering.   Eager to make his mark, Hamilton was motivated by a form of ambition much esteemed in the eighteenth century -- what he later extolled as the "love of fame, the ruling passion of the noblest minds, which would prompt a man to plan and undertake extensive and arduous enterprises for the public benefit." Ambition was reckless in inspired by purely selfish motives but laudable if guided by great principles.   Not only did he devote himself to giving the nation independence, a balanced government, and a sound economy, he promoted and founded industries deliberately  because America needed them.  He took part in the biggest entrepreneurial venture of his day. Unbridled capitalism? Proto-Enron? No way. Investors were promised profits, but the company was called the "Society for Useful Manufactures." Profit and patriotism. He tried to make money and do good for the American people at the same time.  Then again, Hamilton was one of the first in the United States to be lacerated by sexual blackmail and slanderous tales of bribes and embezzlement, as the recompense for his devotion to public causes. And the ancient Athenians and Romans had their Hamiltons, too. Once you've made your mark, you become the mark for those whose only ambition is to tear down.
     
    


	 
      You think it's ugly now; just wait.  Tom Ridge says al Qaida may be entering the "operational or planning phase of an attack," yearning to hit America hard sometime before Election Day.  Since Sept. 11, only the most paranoid fringe players have asserted the cynical theory that the Bush Administration knew what was going to happen that day and let it happen for the sake of some agenda. Rather, Bush has been condemned for his clueless, slack-jawed response. Next time, if it comes, it will be different. If I'm right, the anti-war voices already are staking out their positions on the grassy knoll, ready to open fire with the lurid assertion that "Bush knew."  The virulently anti-war, anti-Bush Guardian newspaper in Britain runs an occasional series under the heading "Fortress America" Today's is titled  urlLink  George Bush's re-election hopes may well hang on al-Qaida's ruthless ingenuity.    The Guardian doesn't have the guts to come right out and say it. But the piece seems aimed at setting up a public suspicion that Bush knows an al Qaida attack -- gods forbid there should be one -- between now and November would assure his re-election, and that, if he has some inclination that one is coming, he might not try very hard to stop it. Here's the article's conclusion:    In a recent opinion poll for the Economist, handling the war on terror was one of the few areas in which American voters favoured Bush over Kerry. It seems likely there would be a wave of patriotic solidarity with the incumbent. In short, Bush's election chances may depend on the ruthless ingenuity of al-Qaida, while Kerry's election chances may depend on the ability of Bush's department of homeland security to combat it.     There's a paternalism in the institution of the presidency, and Americans will rally around an incumbent leader, even an unpopular one, in a national crisis. But the anti-war left has noticed that this can be thwarted, quickly and effectively, by deflecting the galvanizing effect of an attack into national anger at the administration. And their model is Spain.  "A major terrorist attack on the American homeland a few days before November 2 would almost certainly not have the effect that the Madrid pre-election bombing had, sending swing voters to the anti-war opposition," the Guardian writes. No, an attack by itself wouldn't. But a scandalous revelation that the Bush administration had let it happen surely would, and the Guardian surely knows this. As do others in its camp. It needn't be a full revelation; in a nation as split and jittery as we are this year, a strong suspicion, shouted loudly enough by reputable sources, might suffice.  In Spain, voters tossed the U.S.-allied Aznar government just days after a major terrorist attack. Nobody accused Aznar of complicity in the attack. But, they say, he knew that if voters connected the deaths to his unpopular decision to take part in the war to overthrow Saddam, they would swing behind his opponent. Aznar, the pundits say, too quickly blamed the terror bombings on Basque groups. Al Qaida turned out to be the culprit. The national anguish at the vicious murder of almost 200 citizens galvanized into anger -- not at the killers, but at the government that named the wrong suspect.  The U.S. is not Spain; it's hard to imagine that sequence happening here. But you can't blame the Bush-bashers for dreaming of the anger of U.S. voters if Bush or his cabinet were believed to have cynically allowed Americans to die for the sake of an election.  And you have to think some people in high places are already rehearsing what they might say in the days between a terrorist attack on the U.S. and the next presidential election.  As despicable as that would be, the Guardian piece veers right off the track into tin-foil-hat territory by suggesting that Bush's self-interest converges with bin Laden's. "Osama bin Laden ... must be backing an election victory for George Bush."   The object of the terrorist is often to reveal the "true" repressive character of the state against which the terror is directed, and thus win further support for the terrorists' cause. If the United States had just acted in Afghanistan, and then concentrated on hoovering-up the remains of al-Qaida, the United States might clearly be winning the war on terror today. But, as bin Laden must have hoped, the Bush administration overreacted, and thus provided, in Iraq and Guantánamo, recruiting sergeants for al-Qaida of which Osama could only dream.   "So in this looking-glass world of backhanded ironies ... al-Qaida terrorists will be backing Bush, because he's their best recruiter." And in that view, the article reports, the terrorists may well try to influence the American election by timing an attack to boost Bush into another four-year term.  OK, overlook the howler about putting Afghanistan in one category and Guantanamo in another: the Guardian, which editorializes tirelessly against Guantanamo, doesn't seem to realize that "the vast majority" of the detainees there were scooped up in the Afghan campaign.  The fact is, the Islamists don't need Bush's policies to bring in recruits. They have allies in mosques all around the world, tirelessly preaching Jihad, and filling the heads of uninformed young men with the most ludicrous lies about the U.S., the Jews, 9/11, you name it. If the U.S. had stopped with Afghanistan, the only difference would be that the outcry from the mosques and al Jazeera about human rights abuses, secret Mossad operations, and mass rapes of Muslim women by G.I.s would have been told about that country, rather than Iraq.  The Guardian doesn't document its suggestion that, the more America fights back, the more Muslims join the radicals. Perhaps in some cases that is so. But there is good anecdotal evidence from Iraq that our determined resistance to Islamist jihad dampens the enthusiasm of the enemy -- not all of them seem to want those 70 virgins right now. And a perception of our weakness, as in Fallujah, is regarded throughout the region as a wonderful gift to Islamist "recruiters."  You don't read about imams preaching, "go fight the Americans, they hit back hard." But you do hear a lot about them telling their followers how weak and decadent we are, for all our appearance of power. Fallujah, not Guantanamo, is their rallying cry.  As for Spain,  Iraq al-Jihad,  the al-Qaeda strategy document publicized after the Madrid bombings, shows that the terrorists didn't care a damn about the left-right nuances of the Popular Party and the Socialist Party. The Spanish elections were targeted for one reason: the Socialist Party had pledged, in its platform, to pull Spanish troops out of Iraq unless the U.S. got a U.N. mandate for them to be there.  To the Islamists, Spain was a soft ally that could be peeled away from the main target. And America is target number one. Al Qaida doesn't care that the "bring the troops home now" crowd supports Kerry. Their war on us goes on no matter who sits in the White House. Al Qaida loathes America and the West, and while the Guardian's pundits inhabit a space where the gap between Bush and Kerry is as wide as America, to al Qaida, they're both the same; a different face on the Great Satan.   But speaking of Islamist "recruiting," in Spain this year Al Qaida determined the outcome of a European nation's election. It asserted Islamic power in Spain in a way that it hasn't been felt since the 15th century. For once, a Western power knuckled under to Islamic force, not the reverse. Realities don't matter in the Islamic Middle East; in that world, perception rules. George Bush could say or do nothing that would send Islamist hotheads running to Osama faster than voters in Spain did.
     
    


	 
      I used to work with a wonderful reporter named Mark Johnson, a New Yorker who never got over his indignation at having to work in rural Pennsylvania, amid rube politicians who tried to snow him on stories. Once when he was covering the police beat in the city, after a long session of haggling with the mayor on the phone, we heard him blurt out sarcastically, "how many 'isolated incidents' does it take to make a crime wave?"  In the same spirit,  urlLink  Ace of Spades   notes that the number of Sarin and/or mustard-gas shells uncovered in Iraq now is up to 35, asks, "What number constitutes a 'stockpile'? One would think that any time you're above 20 or 30, you're in at least small-stockpile territory. I want the liberals to give us a number, now. Because, a month from now, when we've discovered 60-100, I don't want to hear that a "stockpile" has now been redefined to be whatever number we have not yet reached."
     
    


	 
      Pundits, prophets, and political hacks are tearing through  urlLink  the 9/11 Commission Report,   hoping to fetch up a weapon handy to beat the other side. But the big picture? After all that talk and anguish and tawdriness, nothing new. The whole country got whacked that sunny morning almost three years ago. We all stared at the pictures and the video footage, disbelieving, stunned. Nobody expected it.  OK, I'm not supposed to expect it, and neither are you. But what about the men and women in power? The report doesn't change the answer: Nobody expected it. And after the report, all sorts of recommendations for how to change Congress, the spy agencies, and the entire structure of government, start to percolate. They'll be dead by Election Day.  Because this is our choice: do we want to live in a country where spies are limited, government keeps its hands off its citizens, and people practice their freedoms uninhibited? Or do we want a government that is ruthlessy efficient at spying, anticipating trouble, and keeping track of every detail that might someday connect to something else?  We've looked at that choice and turned away. Invade Afghanistan, attack Iraq. Argue about peace and oil. Change one party for another. Those things we can do, they can drown out the bigger questions.  How can we engage in a generation-long struggle againt an amorphous, stateless, potent, rich enemy that takes the form of a branch of one of the world's great religion, without fundamentally changing the nature of our government and national culture, without becoming a different nation than what we are? Look what the Civil War did to us in four years.  This bit of the report, detailing events of 1998, is nothing new, either, in principle.    On December 20, intelligence indicated Bin Ladin would be spending the night at the Haji Habash house, part of the governor's residence in Kandahar. The chief of the Bin Ladin unit, "Mike," told us that he promptly briefed Tenet and his deputy, John Gordon. From the field, the CIA's Gary Schroen advised: "Hit him tonight -- we may not get another chance." An urgent teleconference of principals was arranged.   The principals considered a cruise missile strike to try to kill Bin Ladin. One issue they discussed was the potential collateral damage -- the number of innocent bystanders who would be killed or wounded. General Zinni predicted a number well over 200 and was concerned about damage to a nearby mosque .... By the end of the meeting, the principals decided against recommending to the President that he order a strike ....   Some lower-level officials were angry. "Mike" reported to Schroen that he had been unable to sleep after this decision. "I'm sure we'll regret not acting last night," he wrote, criticizing the principals for "worrying that some stray shrapnel might hit the Habash mosque and offend Muslims."   The principals, he said, were "obsessed" with trying to get others -- Saudis, Pakistanis, Afghan tribals -- to "do what we won't do." Schroen was disappointed too. "We should have done it last night," he wrote. "We may well come to regret the decision not to go ahead." [9-11 Report, page 147-148]   In the cruel math of Realpolitik, trade 200 lives for 3,000? But subtract from your mind, if possible, every image of 9/11, every falling, burning, bleeding body, every tear and gasp of rage. Then kill the same 200 people on the chance -- mere chance -- that this one man might succeed in his plan to wreak devastation on America.  And imagine the reaction in the U.N. General Assembly, in the Middle Eastern mosques, in the German and French press.
     
    


	 
      A fairly high-ranking official in the Coalition Provisional Authority was a local guy, Don Eberly. After the CPA's mission wound up last month, one of our reporters did an interview with him and wrote up a story. Due perhaps to the newspaper's continuing lack of interest in anything to do with the redevelopment of Iraq, however, the story hasn't run.  Here's a few excerpts: Eberly has been with the CPA since March 2003. He lived in Iraq for nearly four months, overseeing and reconstructing the Ministry of Youth and Sport, one of 24 ministries rebuilt by the authority. After he came back to the States, Eberly worked as the director of social policy, advising senior staff members in Iraq in education, higher education (particularly the universities), health, youth and sport, labor, and social affairs. Now that the authority is officially dissolved, Eberly is putting the finishing touches on the transition of power in Iraq and the coordination of privately donated equipment and supplies from U.S. companies.  "A lot of what is going on in Iraq now involves a huge amount of oversight and coordination with Washington. There are serious bucks going into Iraq. With the CPA phase-out, we're facing huge demands from Congress for basic reporting. 'How are you doing with education?' 'How are you doing with health?' 'How are you spending our money on contractors and subcontractors?' 'What's the state of reconstruction across dozens and dozens of categories?' "  Sometimes he runs the pick for Iraqi officials, tackling issues before they become problems.  "Part of our mission, in fact -- to use football terms -- is to be the defensive line. Because we do what we do, people in Iraq are not bothered every day with calls that come from Congress and the media. We're the front-line representatives."  Eberly said the now-defunct authority is still moving computers, high technology supplies, health care supplies and equipment, pharmaceuticals and educational supplies to Iraq on behalf of mostly U.S. companies.   "I just shipped 30,000 medical textbooks about (a month ago)."  "I do not at all sugarcoat reality in Iraq. I don't see any purpose served in that. We're not serving the people well by being anything less than forthright. The negatives are already well-known. We know about the security challenges. We know about the insurgency. In America, we say location, location, location; in Iraq we say the top three issues are security, security, security."  "Yet Iraq does not have a general insurgency like the one U.S. troops faced in Vietnam. If there were a general insurgency, we'd all be in big trouble. The truth is that it is a quite limited insurgency. One that's large enough to do substantial damage on a daily basis, but it is, in fact, quite isolated."  "There are vast areas of the country where Iraqis are essentially getting on with their lives. There has been, long before the creation of the CPA, a lot of local Iraqi leadership. They're running the towns and cities and are managing municipal services and organizing town councils. A good bit of the country is actually working relatively normal."  Bue he said the insurgency has succeeded in opening a rift of "pervasive fear and mistrust" between the Iraqi people and U.S. soldiers.  "It is a very unfortunate side effect and makes doing the job a lot harder. There is a lot of barber-chair concern among Iraqis about things that are going on in Iraq."  Eberly said there was a bipartisan agreement that regime change should be made in Iraq. Sept. 11 deepened those concerns.  "Most people standing where the president stood at the moment in time when the final decision had to be made would probably have made the same decision. The weapons of mass destruction issue will remain with us for a long time and I have no idea how it will settle out in history. People have a tendency to forget that Saddam Hussein was himself, in the words of the Iraqi people, a weapon of mass destruction."  Eberly said, most forecasters are predicting significant progress this year in Iraq's economy. "This is locally generated economic growth. It should be a pretty solid year. It's hard to see that kind of progress when your television screen is filled with violence and destruction."  "One of the interesting questions, I think, that history will ask is, 'Did we handle de-Baathification properly?' You've got to get rid of the people who were sympathizers of the previous regime. And that's where it gets complicated because it's gray. How do I know where your sympathies are, Mr. Senior Baath Party official? What was your role?"  Eberly said there was a blanket policy that the top three levels of the Baath Party government had to go.  "Then we had a policy inviting officials back on a case-by-case basis. That gets complicated because one of the biggest concerns is, what do you do with the people who had power?"  Many were mere administrators who had committed no crimes. Yet many couldn't be invited into the new administration because their ideologies were in doubt.  "The minute you relinquish control, they have all the advantages, in a worst-case scenario. They've got connections and can easily take advantage."  But they couldn't just be left idle. "You're talking about some very talented people. People who had all the power before and knew all the tricks of the trade when it came to manipulating the political environment to go about achieving what they want."  The Iraqi army faces a similar problem. "The question there is, 'Should we invite the previous army back?' Some of them are professional soldiers and will show allegiance to whoever is in power. This kind of soldier is not an ideologue. But if you eliminate a professional soldier and disarm and shame him in front of his family and community, you've got a big problem."  "De-Baathification was the toughest part of our jobs as senior advisors. I spent so much time on De-Baathification because any blanket approach was not adequate. It almost had to be case by case. It's like schools of fish in the ocean swimming together. You don't know friend from foe when it comes to political issues. It is impossible to have a high success rate when it comes to hiring back someone who served in a mid-level capacity in Saddam Hussein's government. It's extremely difficult to get that right. You're talking about thousands of people."  "De-Baathification was extremely complicated. If you didn't drill down far enough, if you didn't dig deep enough, in terms of removing close ideological ties to the old administration, it would be like replacing Hitler without removing Hitler's Nazi party." 
     
    


	 
      Maybe you had to be there. I did research into the records of a couple of Civil War regiments at the National Archives in 1989, so maybe that's why the Washington Post account of Sandy Berger's "Trousergate" troubles strikes me as hilarious:   The FBI is investigating Clinton administration national security adviser Samuel R. "Sandy" Berger's removal of classified documents from the National Archives, attorneys for Berger confirmed last night.   Berger inadvertently took copies of several versions of an after-action memo on the millennium bombing plot from the Archives last fall, said his attorney Lanny Breuer. The lawyer said one or more of the copies were then inadvertently discarded. ...  Berger discovered several versions of the classified memo in a leather portfolio he had taken to the Archives, his attorney said. He returned them and papers on which he had taken notes about materials he had reviewed. Those notes, Breuer said, were not supposed to have been removed from the Archives without review by employees there. Berger's actions, said Breuer, were the result of "sloppiness" and were unintentional.    Berger "inadvertently" stuffed "several" classified documents down his pants? (A detail the WaPo conveniently omits). I know he went in there intending to cover his ass, but I didn't think he meant it literally.  In all the time I've done historical research, I never had the urge to put it down my pants.  Then he "discovered" other documents in his book bag. Who could have put them there? The Little People?  The National Archives staff was a good deal more strict with me when I did my research, I can tell you. They kept track of every singe soldier's file I touched -- and well they should have. I had to go right to the top of the food chain to get permission to have more than one of them in front of me at a time.  The Chester County Historical Society in Pennsylvania, wher eI did the bulk of my research, never would have let Berger rip them off like that. They would have had his number. Archivists with valuables under their care can spot a thief. Hell, my high school librarians would have tackled him. Jimmy Snyder, the study hall troublemaker in 10th grade, used to stuff his German texbook down the front of his jeans and brazenly head out the library doors just for the thrill of watching the librarians spring into action and try to bust him for theft.  "Sloppiness" + "U.S. National Security Advisor in the years before 2001" = you do the math.
     
    


	 
      In a piece called "Snark and scholarship,"  urlLink  Schussman   takes me to task for my post  urlLink  lamenting the liberal academics who are so enamored of Michael Moore   in spite of the filmmaker's deceptions, which they readily acknowledge.     Taking the learned professoriate down a peg or two is a favorite hobby of some, as I guess there is great satisfaction in proving them to be out of touch, incompetent, and otherwise ignorant of the real world.    When I was a young journalist in the early '80s, I lived in a crumbling World War I-era apartment block near Bryn Mawr College (yes, it's possible to live on the cheap on the Main Line, but it's not pleasant). My companions were struggling Villanova students and other guys trying to make it in their first jobs. We talked and debated and learned from one another, but mostly we caroused.  One of the places we sometimes ducked into when we had a little money was a popular bar/pizzeria. But the place also was home to a young philosophy professor (he might have been a teaching grad student) from Bryn Mawr. He wore a nattier cut of tweed, and he took his attractive groupies there and held court. He would buttonhole some unsuspecting dolt (i.e. a guy like me), and pose an innocent-sounding bit of Socratic trickery to him, then intellectually skewer the young man's answer while the groupies cooed and grinned appreciatively.  Perhaps he was working off bile for some teasing he had taken from the common sort as a third-grader. I rather doubt it. Even so, I never knew a man I more wanted to slug. He was the intellectual equivalent of the bully bikers in a "Billy Jack" movie. When I have tangled with academics over the years, his face always comes to mind.    I dont think there is any kind of strong case that this characterizes the broad world of academics.    Probably not. I never said it did. I said it was so in my experience. But I don't have contact with that world on a regular basis. Schussman seems to, so I'll take his word for it. I do, however, have contact with the academics who dive into certain public debates about divisive current events. And even if they're an unrepresentative minority, their collective impact is disproportionate. And their words and methods are worth parsing.  Academics maintain their cachet in the public mind, I think, because we presume these are people who habitually read widely and think carefully. We expect them to weigh thoughts before speaking, and to investigate claims before asserting them, and to not claim expertise beyond what they genuinely have.  Ne supra crepidam sutor judicaret.   I used an example from my Online Etymology Dictionary experience, in which I found some gender-studies professors repeating a fairly transparent Internet urban legend about the origin of the word "faggot." It's impossible to prove a negative, but the story they were repeating violated all sorts of common sense rules of language, and it gets no credence in any reputable etymology source.  Schussman speculates that the "etymological example has, I think, more complexity than he allows." I'd be curious to know what I overlooked.    But he moves from this proposition to the idea that academics are essentially corrupt, supporting arguments that they know to be false, a jump that only seems possible by misreading or misrepresenting the evidence at hand.    Maybe my standards are too high. What I said is, "it seems to me that academics, of all people, ought to be committed to rigorous inquiry after true origins, rather than blind clinging to the paps of false idols." And I decried the tendency in academe to embrace false things for what is seen as a higher purpose.  A politician might do that. We expect him to do that. But that seems, to me, to be an illegitimate choice for someone whose opinion carries weight precisely because he or she is assumed to be the kind of person who doesn't do that kind of thing.  Schussman accuses me of "eliding the most significant point of   urlLink Todd Gitlin's review of Fahrenheit 9/11 .  He says I call it a "laudatory review." That's not correct. I call it an "essentially laudatory review." Gitlin laments much about Moore's methods, but he essentially praises the movie for its own sake, as well as for its opinion-shaping role in modern America. Schussman reads the review as saying, "Moore's film is useful, but he's an ass." I read it as, "More's an ass, but his film is useful."  Split the difference, if you like, but consider this line from Gitlin: "Don’t some means justify some ends." No, they don't, I say, if you're talking about a film-maker hammering a complex and delicate world crisis into a vaudeville hook so he can un-elect a president he despises, damn the consequences.  And no, they don't, if you're talking about someone who draws his authority from his association with the university system, writing about the democratic virtues of a work that he knows distorts the truth and passes off deception as reality.  An academic's reputation is based in large part on his or her commitment to honesty. We read their books because we trust that they've done honest research. Gitlin, and I think Schussman, is a sociologist, a discipline that regards itself as a science. It takes the Greek  -logia  into its name, and involves scientific methods. In that system, there is no room for ideology to trump research and inquiry. To see an academic embrace such a view makes me suspect anything I might read by that person that touches on this topic.  And if Gitlin really is saying, "the only way to get truth across to modern Americans is to lie to them," he's doing more damage to his own reputation than I possibly could.    When Gitlin celebrates Moore as the "most compelling, useful filmmaker of the 21st century," it is with a "so far" and a great sigh of regret that it takes unscrupulous demagoguery to generate attention to issues that are critically important -- for those on the right or the left.    And in that passage Gitlin was paraphrasing André Gide on Victor Hugo -- a novelist talking about a poet. And it seems to escape both Gitlin and Schussman that there is a difference between fiction and current events, and that the same standards might not apply. "Art is a lie that tells the truth." But Moore's film is presented as a documentary. (In fact, AP, calls it a "newsreel").  Moore's demagoguery is a positive good, to Gitlin, not for its own sake, but because it converges with Gitlin's personal politcs. He doesn't justify all political demagoguery as a necessity in modern America -- he damns it when he finds it from the other side, as a corrupting influence. Compare Gitlin on Moore:   "Moore makes thunderous propaganda, all right, but it’s  our  propaganda, at last, and much of it  is right.  He’s got more in his arsenal than cheap shots. He’s a not–so–secret weapon against the bully propaganda machine called the White House, which sold a war –- a  war  –- on delusional grounds. With jokes, outtakes, hissable villains, the mother of a dead American soldier from Flint, Michigan – a woman who could make Donald Rumsfeld weep – and rhetorical questions, and insinuating music, and bomb damage footage, and whatever else it takes, Moore gets people who don’t follow antiwar websites to see Iraqi casualties, usually invisible and countless, not to mention a bereaved mother, at length."  "... Moore is the master demagogue an age of demagoguery made. He’s an impresario of spectacle and he corrals people who don’t pay attention to news to pay attention to him and his facts, his footage, his badinage, his sarcasm, his factoid detonations, all of it, indiscriminately, smashing up the complacency that watched George Bush seize power in the most powerful nation in history."   ... to Gitlin on Fox News:    The commercial motive dovetails beautifully with a politics of muscularity and resentment. Over this is laid an objectivity scrim, the veil of "we report, you decide." But it's hard to believe that any of FOX's 1.2 million daily prime-time viewers is fooled. The brashness and raucousness speak for themselves, as if much of the shows were broadcast from the middle-school lunchroom. The phony objectivity is the equivalent of Bill O'Reilly's phony populism ....  "Throughout the day, FOX's formula is consistent: attitude. Its anthem is all percussion, all the time. Even its weather report blares, and its morning show is raucous -- a frat-house alternative to the other channels' goody-two-shoes presentation. Real guys and gals know how the world works. (Corollary: Only a wuss doesn't.) Goodness (Team Bush) faces off against Badness (Saddam Hussein, Kim Jong Il) as surely as brawling Sean Hannity mauls mild Alan Colmes. Animal House flies the flag. Show us a problem and we'll show you that they are responsible.   [ urlLink  We Disport. We Deride. It's all attitude, all the time at FOX News.  ]  Back in May, I lamented  urlLink  British climatologists   praising the global warming disaster movie "The Day After Tomorrow." I take climate change from human activity very seriously -- I argue with conservative friends who want to dismiss it as kooky environmentalism. But to me, scientists only undercut their authority when they praise as "important" a movie that telescopes tens of thousands of years of climate change into a week and delivers up impossible consequences.   And the more the academic community and the policy-makers align themselves with Hollywood junk science, the more they play into the "loony left" trap that discredits them in the eyes of many people who might otherwise accept them. Yet that is likely to be the result in many minds when scientists, given the chance to draw the line between legitimate work and lurid entertainment, choose to embrace the latter as a teaching tool.   The movie so clearly is based on junk science that won't it harm, rather than help, the cause of serious scientists trying to educate the public about a real but complicated issue? But evidently the real scientists have given up and they're counting on special effects to win people over. Good luck. That was before Memorial Day. Now it's late July. Perhaps now the public is concerned about mad scientists with eight robotic arms and journalists who can swing from webs above New York.    Doug manages to avoid being accountable to his own early premise, that argumentation is based on more than abstract qualification. It also takes an appreciation of precision of meaning and an allowance for complexity, but he leaves neither for Gitlin.    Ah, curses, dismissed again. Flashback to Gullifty's in Bryn Mawr. I appreciate the attempt to hold me to the highest standard. But I was writing about the standard that top academics are held to (rightly, I think) in exchange for their authoritative voices, their book sales, their pundit's chairs on NPR. Yet it seems to me Gitlin has descended into journalism and polemics with his piece on Moore (which is painted more in praise than in criticism, if you ask me). Moore's propaganda, which falls far short of rigorous argument, seems to pass muster with Schussman and Gitlin. Then perhaps they will smile upon my polemics, which, simplistic though they be, at least are not wrapped in the deceits of propaganda.  If I, as a mere journalist, can disown certain polemicists who happen to agree with me on certain issues because I find their tactics unworthy of discourse -- Hannity, Coulter, Limbaugh -- is it too much to ask academics to stand up for the truth for its own sake?
     
    


	 
      "Doing a Michael Moore." That's the term a reporter used to an editor as they conspired to injecting the maximum slant into a local story (in this case, about AIDS education funding) that is meant to appear as simple news coverage of an issue or event.  Reporter: "I want to say, 'how can we afford not to do this?' ... (snicker) Without editorializing." 
     
    


	 
      To the list of war opponents who, before the war, believed Saddam had WMD. Or at least they wrote as though they believed it. With some of these folks, it's difficult to tell anymore if they mean what they say. From an  urlLink  L.A. Times Op-Ed   piece by Joseph C. Wilson, Feb. 6, 2003:    There is now no incentive for Hussein to comply with the inspectors or to refrain from using weapons of mass destruction to defend himself if the United States comes after him.  And he will use them; we should be under no illusion about that.   
     
    


	 
      The Australian blogger Arthur Chrenkoff runs a regular round-up of the good news from Iraq, scoured from various media and official sources. You might have seen one or two of the stories, amid the reports of gloom and carnage. But to see them all stacked together in one place is an enlightening, and uplifting, experience.  Today, the Wall Street Journal got wise to that, and printed a Chrenkoff  urlLink  good news roundup   (on its editorial page, of course, even though these are all news reports).  My favorite? It's hard to pick a favorite off this menu. But I like this one:   Biology professor Safaa Al-Hamdani wasn't expecting an avalanche of books when he asked colleagues at Jacksonville State University to help his alma mater in Baghdad restock its libraries. But donations have been pouring in from around the country. "I never thought it would get this big," Al-Hamdani said Friday.  It all began when JSU professors Bill Hug, Kelly Gregg and others joined the effort, collecting spare books off professors' shelves to ship to Baghdad University, which has been drained by decades of brutal dictatorship, war, and international sanctions.   A story about the book drive last month in The Anniston Star was picked up by other media outlets, and books started arriving from universities all over the country.   While we support and cheer on Iraqi academics, let us also remember the risks that those brave Iraqis who want to rebuild their country face every day. A new study has found that around 250 university professors have been killed since April 2003.    A long time ago, I came this close to taking a job offer to work for The Anniston Star, buying a motorcycle, and moving to eastern Alabama. I thought it was a great little paper then. I think so all the more now, after reading this.
     
    


	 
      It a post, I wrote that the "9/11 hijackers spent their last nights in strip clubs and booze halls." Someone asked if I could verify this. I did a quick check, and discovered that the report is that the ones who lived in Florida spent their last week there hanging out in a topless bar. I don't know if that forms any part of any of the official reports on the hijackers.
     
    


	 
         Why do you think French and German were such backstabbers?    I'll let Bill Clinton answer that one for me: He said recently, in Europe while promoting his autobiography, "But at the time nearly everybody thought there was probably a stock of chemical and biological weapons there [Iraq] and it was vulnerable to falling into the wrong hands, either by design or by corruption within Saddam’s regime. And essentially the French and the Germans said, 'we still don’t care.' "  In case you have forgotten it, I haven't: In March 2003, as the showdown with Saddam loomed and the U.S. and Britain were trying to convince the U.N. to back up its own threats, it was the French, with help from the Germans and Russians, who turned the entire event on its head and made the U.N. an organization devoted to stopping the demon that is America. They used their political position on the world stage to become human shields for one of the worst dictators ever to curse a nation.  After Saddam flouted 16 U.N. resolutions, Bush said, "The conduct of the Iraqi regime is a threat to the authority of the United Nations, and a threat to peace. Iraq has answered a decade of U.N. demands with a decade of defiance. All the world now faces a test and the United Nations a difficult and defining moment. Are Security Council resolutions to be honored and enforced, or cast aside without consequence? Will the United Nations serve the purpose of its founding, or will it be irrelevant?"  The Security Council subsequently passed a 17th resolution -- unanimously -- which supported military action if it was not complied with. Iraq flouted this one, too. Yet still, with the whole world watching, France and Germany flatly refused to  ever  back an attack on that regime.  Security Council members France (permanent) and Germany (temporarily) undermined the U.S. by jointly announcing their intent to block U.N. authorization of an invasion against Iraq, even before U.N. weapons inspectors had submitted their final report to the council. French Foreign Minister Dominique de Villepin said Paris wouldn't accept the "logic of ultimatums." France vowed to use its veto power on the council to kill  any resolution that could be seen as authorizing war.  The French rejected a British compromise proposal to the council  even before Iraq did.   And the sad part is, I believe Chirac and Schröder did this, in large part, to help themselves and their parties in the short-term goal of winning national elections. Schröder especially ran on a platform almost entirely pitched to Germans' anti-Americanism, to balance out voters' anger over the sagging German economy. When his coalition won a narrow victory, Reuters reported that the campaign was "dominated by Schroeder's blunt opposition to a U.S.-led attack on Iraq."   While Bush, Blair, Aznar and others risked their political lives to do what they thought was right. If the U.N. is more irrelevant today than it was in April 2003, the blame does not lie in Washington, D.C. 
     
    


	 
         [You say] the UN is a useless club for other countries (dictators?) to lecture the US and accomplish nothing; also, the UN is not the same as the world (from another of your messages): The UN is an assembly of representatives of the world's governments. I may be wrong, but, as a result of the expansion of democracy in the last 2 decades, the UN has now a large majority of democratically elected governments. In this sense, it represents the world's will (in the same way that the US Congress represents the will of the American people).  Now, if this is true, how can one say that its debates are useless? And how can one consign it to oblivion simply because it doesn't happen to assent to one's wishes?    According to Freedom House, "electoral democracies constitute 120 of the 192 internationally recognized independent polities." But to say that the U.N. represents "the world's will" in the way that Congress represents the American people's will is false. The U.S. people directly elect their Congress. A little under two-thirds of the people in the U.N. elect their leaders. Those leaders then  appoint  representatives to the U.N. And the U.N.'s work is often done at the level of committees which are elected from among the representatives. So the relation that the U.N. bears to the people of the world is more like that of a U.S. Senate subcommittee. And those can be pretty far off base.  The UN has noble ideals, but a rotten reality. Consider the outrageous decision, on the eve of the Iraq war, to name a delegate from Libya to head the UN Human Rights Commission (UNHRC). Thirty-three of the UNHRC's 53-member nations voted in favour of Libya and 17 abstained, even though Libya is still under UN sanctions for supporting international terrorism. This is the conscience of the world community? Ghadafi's regime, which the U.N. itself has accused of summary executions and systematic use of torture, should sit in judgment of Denmark and Japan and Singapore?  Instead, the U.N. General Assembly has been obsessed with condemning the Jewish state -- along with Turkey, the sole real democracy, till now, in the entire festering Middle East. Driven by its Arab bloc, supported by Third World dictatorships, and with the increasing support of EU nations currying favor with the Arabs, the U.N. has passed more resolutions condemning Israel than any other nation on Earth, while excusing Palestinian terrorism and ignoring the catastrophic human rights violations of Israel's regional enemies.   The UNHRC especially has a history of singling out Israel and recently all but endorsed terrorism against its civilians through a resolution supporting "armed struggle ... by all available means." But it was at the infamous World Conference Against Racism in Durban in 2001 where the years of festering U.N. anti-Semitism flowed out in public in raw displays of anti-Semitism, including intimidation, harassment and hate-filled speeches. The conference was hijacked by those whose only interest was to bash Israel at what was supposed to be a forum against world racism.  Attempts even were made to revive the infamous "Zionism is racism" resolution passed by the General Assembly in 1975 (and only repealed in 1991 after a campaign by Bush Sr.) -- a resolution UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan has called "a low point" in the U.N.'s history.   Given its blatant anti-Semitism, the U.N. should remove from its entrance the famous phrase that ostensibly defines its mission: "They shall beat their swords into plowshares, their spears into pruning hooks. Nation shall not lift up sword against nation, neither shall they learn war any more." This, after all, is a quote from Isaiah.  For another example, see the recent ICJ decision ordering Israel to tear down its security fence. In the last four months two Israelis have died in suicide attacks, compared with 166 killed in the same time frame at the height of the terror. Israel finally finds a nonviolent, changeable way to stop terrorism, and 14 judges in The Hague rule it illegal -— in an opinion read by a chief judge representing China, which massacred hundreds of its own citizens who were demonstrating peacefully in Tiananmen Square. In the decision, the word "terrorism" appears not once (except when citing Israeli claims).  The decision is based on the phony pretext that the 1949 cease-fire line is in fact Israel's boundary. That has yet to be determined. The Palestinians -- who claim all of Israel -- have never accepted that boundary. But based on that, the court declared itself “not convinced” that Israel needs this barrier for its security. It said the fence violates Palestinian “humanitarian” rights such as “the right to work, to health, to education and to an adequate standard of living as proclaimed in the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights and in the United Nations Convention on the Rights of the Child.”  What about Israelis' right not to get blown to smithereens while riding the bus to work? What about the rights of Isreali Palestinians, who are as often victims of these bombers?  As a U.S. newspaper columnist (Charles Krauthammer) wrote this week, "Yes, the fence causes some hardship to Palestinians. Some are separated from their fields, some schoolchildren have to walk much farther to class. This is unfortunate. On any scale of human decency, however, it is far more unfortunate that 1,000 Israelis are dead from Palestinian terrorism, and thousands more horribly maimed, including Israeli schoolchildren with nails and bolts and shrapnel lodged in their brains and spines who will never be walking to school again."  Even if it had not been hijacked by anti-Semites and anti-Americans, and even if it were not hopelessly corrupt (the pre-war Iraq food-for-oil bribery scandal is a great example), The U.N., like the Geneva Conventions, is simply out of date. It is set up to deal with problems that have changed and mutated, while the organization itself has not.  Its charter is meant to regulate a world of nation-states. International relations generally now stabilized throughout much of the world. The U.N. could still perform some useful role and exercise some authority -- as it did in East Timor -- in places where they are not (such as the recent wars in West Africa), if it had the balls to actually get up off its ass and claim that authority.  But nothing in the U.N. charter allows it to get involved in inter-national crises without an invitation. And the current leadership of the U.N. clearly has no stomach for that sort of work. So Saddam butchers the Kurds and the Shiites and nobody at the U.N. lifts a finger. Yet these kinds of dlaughter are what causes the most suffering in the world today. Neither does the U.N. have any mechanism to deal with extra-state forces like international terror. Yet these, not nation-state wars, are driving the current crisis in the world, and I am willing to bet they will remain the fountains of global violence for the rest of my lifetime and yours.
     
    


	 
         As I remember Mr. Bush pressed the war as urgent claiming that Saddam had weapons of mass destruction (chemicals, maybe nuclear in the making). I don't even see the Bush administration mention that now. Apparently because no evidence has appeared. This is what I mean by "under false pretenses".    I think you're confused about "legitimacy." In the internationalist view, a military action by one nation against another can be "legitimate" only if it is approved by the U.N. Security Council. Once the war has begun, without Security Council approval, it's always "illegitimate." It doesn't matter if the warring nation's pre-war statements prove to be true.  The overthrow of the Taliban in Afghanistan was illegitimate, in this view, and so was the NATO attacks on Serbia that saved the Muslims in Kosovo from ethnic cleansing, and so was the overthrow of Saddam. All alike, equally, were "illegitimate." The attack on Iraq would have been just as illegitimate, in this view, if the WMD had been discovered.  But let's allow you to take a position of convenience, however untenable, for the sake of following through on this argument, and let "legitimacy" be determined by the reasons the U.S. gave for its desire to overthrow Saddam in 2003.  I don't know anyone whose entire support of the decision to overthrow Saddam was based on the notion that he had WMD. For those of us who supported the administration in this, it always was a mix of motives.  I was not convinced of any real working relationship between his regime and al Qaida. In fact, the level of contact between them that was revealed by the U.S. 9/11 Committee report actually was more than I thought existed. I was surprised.  But a strong pillar of my support for this war was the "anti-totalitarian" justification. Saddam was a tyrant. His people suffered cruelly. It is the duty of free peoples to help those in slavery. Sometimes this is only done by war, which is always horrible and destructive. It was especially our duty, as Americans, to see that this was done because we had helped prop up Saddam in the 1980s. Our involvement with him was less than that of others -- the Europeans sold him most of the weapons he used on Iran and the Kurds -- but just because they felt no responsibility for him doesn't mean we shouldn't have, either.  Eastern European intellectuals like Vaclav Havel, who remember the repressions of the Soviets, and the role of the NATO nations in ending those repressions, supported the war against Saddam on these grounds.  Adam Michnik, the leading force in the Solidarity trade union movement who founded and edits Poland's largest daily newspaper, put it like this:   We take this position because we know what dictatorship is. And in the conflict between totalitarian regimes and democracy you must not hesitate to declare which side you are on. Even if a dictatorship is not an ideal typical one, and even if the democratic countries are ruled by people whom you do not like. I think you can be an enemy of Saddam Hussein even if Donald Rumsfield is also an enemy of Saddam Hussein. ... It's simply that life has taught me that if someone is being whipped and someone is whipping this person, I am always on the side of those who are being whipped.  I've always criticized U.S. foreign policy for forgetting that the United States should defend those who need to be defended. I would object to U.S. policy if it supported Saddam Hussein, and I have always criticized the United States for supporting military regimes in Latin America.  I asked my French and German friends, Are you afraid that tomorrow Bush will bomb Paris? And can you really be sure that terrorists and fundamentalists will not attack the Louvre? So which side are you on?"   Ultimately, though, the WMD threat was the one that got the most play, the most press, and it seems, in retrospect, like Bush and his friends said nothing else. But that's hindsight. Certainly the anti-war crowd is going to make it seem that way, because that threat turned out to not live up to the dramatic urgency that it was cloaked in before the war.  I was concerned about the certainty that, if left to himself, Saddam would get or make WMD and use them. I thought he probably had something up his sleeve. I guess I was wrong about that, but not entirely. And it was never my sole reason for backing the war.  It was never the Bush administration's sole stated reason, either. For instance, a key document in the march to war is the White House Background Paper on Iraq,  urlLink "A Decade of Deception and Defiance" , which served as a background paper for Bush's Sept. 12 speech to the United Nations General Assembly.   One-seventh of it, by my rough estimate, is devoted to WMD.  Other headline sections in the report are: Saddam Hussein's Repression of the Iraqi People, Refusal to Admit Human Rights Monitors, Violence Against Women, Torture, Saddam Hussein's Abuse of Children, Disappearances, Withholding of Food, and Crimes Against Muslims. Altogether almost twice as much space is given to human rights abuses as is given to WMD. Another section is titled "Saddam Hussein's Defiance of United Nations Resolutions," and more than twice as much space is devoted to this as to WMD.  Other topics in the report: Saddam Hussein's Support for International Terrorism, Saddam Hussein's Refusal to Account for Gulf War Prisoners, Saddam Hussein's Refusal to Return Stolen Property, Saddam Hussein's Efforts to Circumvent Economic Sanctions.  The WMD threat was played up by the U.S. and the British in the weeks before the war. In part, Bush did this to give Powell, the internationalist in his cabinet, a chance to accomplish something. In part, he did it as a courtesy to Blair, who faced intense political pressure not to send British troops into battle without U.N. support. But also in part -- I think in large part -- this was done because it was the one issue that the U.N. had taken a position on. The U.S. and its allies were seeking the "legitimacy" of a U.N. approval, and at the same time they were seeking to force the U.N. to stand up and be something but an anti-U.S./anti-Israel bitchfest.  The Iraq resolutions were the exact right place to do that. The U.N., after all, takes no positions on internal matters such as whether a tyrant can feed parents alive into a shredding machine in front of their children. Or whether a dictator can kidnap young girls off the streets to serve as his "girlfriends."  Bush rolled two questions into his efforts at the U.N. before the war: "Will you give us approval to overthrow Saddam," and, "Are you a real world governing body, with teeth, or just a paper mill that churns out threats that are never going to be enforced."  Iraq wasn't the most serious problem in the world in March 2003? Looking back, probably not. But how could the U.N. bring any pressure to bear on North Korea, on Iran, if after 17 condemning resolutions against Iraq, each one of them torn up by the dictator, it did nothing but rally its members to protect Saddam from American pressure? The U.N. was adept at passing "resolutions," but the body itself was far from "resolute."  Then again, according to Europeans, Iran and North Korea weren't "the largest threat to world peace" in 2003, either. Fifty-nine percent of Europeans said that Israel is a larger threat to world peace than North Korea, Iran or Afghanistan, according to a European Commission survey of approximately 7,500 Europeans, released in November (after the EU tried to suppress the embarrassing results). Given a list of 15 countries, including Iran and North Korea, Israel was listed as the greatest threat to world peace. El Pais reported that.  As Tony Blair put it, after the Lord Hutton report which (again) resolved him of lying:   The truth is, as was abundantly plain in the motion before the House of Commons on 18 March, we went to war to enforce compliance with UN Resolutions. Had we believed Iraq was an imminent direct threat to Britain, we would have taken action in September 2002; we would not have gone to the UN. Instead, we spent October and November in the UN negotiating UN Resolution 1441. We then spent almost 4 months trying to implement it.  Actually, it is now apparent from the Survey Group that Iraq was indeed in breach of UN Resolution 1441. It did not disclose laboratories and facilities it should have; nor the teams of scientists kept together to retain their WMD including nuclear expertise; nor its continuing research relevant to chemical weapons and biological weapons. As Dr Kay, the former head of the ISG who is now quoted as a critic of the war has said: 'Iraq was in clear violation of the terms of Resolution 1441.' And 'I actually think this [Iraq] may be one of those cases where it was even more dangerous than we thought.' "   Since the war, report after report, always played by the media as damning or condemning the West's WMD intelligence, has confirmed that Saddam actively sought banned weapons systems, concealed technologies to make them, and would gladly have used them.  Consider this, from the most recent report (Lord Butler's). Iraq:   a. Had the strategic intention of resuming the pursuit of prohibited weapons programmes, including if possible its nuclear weapons programme, when United Nations inspection regimes were relaxed and sanctions were eroded or lifted.  b. In support of that goal, was carrying out illicit research and development, and procurement, activities, to seek to sustain its indigenous capabilities.  c. Was developing ballistic missiles with a range longer than permitted under relevant United Nations Security Council resolutions; but did not have significant -- if any -- stocks of chemical or biological weapons in a state fit for deployment, or developed plans for using them. (Paragraph 474).   As Butler, Kay, and many others who investigated the matter after the war concluded, the only reason Saddam didn't have massive stockpiles of WMD was that the U.N. sanctions and the international effort had kept him from getting the materials, or from running the factories, to make them. We now know the sanctions succeeded in keeping weapons out of Saddam's hands, but they were a cruel disaster for the Iraqi people.  And this containment system was breaking down. If you remember, before the U.S. was hated for going to war in Iraq, it was hated for the sanctions, which despite the U.N. imprimatur, were blamed entirely on the U.S. There's a bumper on a truck in my neighborhood that has a "no blood for oil" sticker on it now, atop what was a "visualize Iraqi children" sticker that was there before 2003. France, among others, had begun to cheat on the sanctions.  What is often forgotten, too, is that the anti-war voices before March 2003 also thought Saddam had WMD. They knew he was a murderous tyrant, they believed he had lethal city-destroying weapons stashed away, and they STILL opposed the war to overthrow him. They wanted to end the sanctions, and replace them with nothing.  For instance, the German magazine  Spiegel,  which has been relentless in its coverage of the Bush "lies" about WMD, apparently changed its thinking since it wrote:   “In the meantime it is a certainty: The greater part of the technology for Saddam’s  horror potential  comes from Germany. ... Whether it was Saddam’s project to build an atomic bomb or his  enormous arsenal of chemical weapons  – German technology was always there. ... By the Iraqi poison gas production, deliveries from Germany made up more than 50 percent. In the nuclear field, it was at least as much. The modification of the Soviet Scud-B rockets was almost entirely in German hands: 90 percent of the technology came from the land of inventors and dealers [Germany].” [emphasis added]    Spiegel  thought Saddam was plenty dangerous in that article. They also reported that UN weapon’s inspectors had concluded “Saddam was just another 18 months away, the IAEO estimates, from producing the fissile material for the atom bomb. ... According to Western estimates, Baghdad paid 10 billion dollars in its attempt to become the first Arab nuclear power.”  So: 1. the WMD claim was not the only stated reason for the U.S. and its allies going to war against Saddam; 2. the other reasons given, such as the humanitarian crisis in the country, were amply documented and have proven to be, if anything, worse than feared; 3. the WMD part of the reason for war, though partially based on faulty intelligence, was also partly true, and key players have agreed that Iraq was, in fact, in violation of resolution 1441.  Therefore, I say the war was "legitimate," based on the claims made by the warring parties before their attack.    The main reason claimed to start the war has disappeared now, which makes me think that it was a pretext. And which was the real reason then? A geopolitical vision - the Middle East reengineered from a Western-style democracy (or at least a protectorate) in Irak. Do you think I am wide of the mark on this? It was not even a secret. The Wall Street Journal had editorials saying just this 2 years ago.    No, of course you're not wide of the mark in saying that the U.S. had an interest in lifting the Middle East out of the sewer it had become: a repressive and brutish cesspool of the world that breeds religious freaks and murdering thugs. And the interest in that was dramatically driven home to Americans on Sept. 11, 2001, even though the more thoughtful and generous amongst us had seen that interest long before (I confess, I was not one of them).  I see nothing damnable about that. If our response to 9/11 had simply been to go out and kill as many terrorists as we could find, that would have been an imperfect, lopsided response, deserving of blame. To do that, but also to take one important chunk of this dangerous ground and try to turn it into a model for the rest of the Islamic/Mideast peoples, that seems to be a noble cause befitting a great nation.  That the execution of it has been, in many instances, woeful and flawed is no reflection on the legitimacy of the vision.  And since I disagree with you that the weapons threat from Iraq was a fake, then I also disagree with you that this is an "either-or" choice, that the U.S. simply invented a weapons threat from Saddam to mask its "secret" plan for Iraq (so secret that it was published in the newspapers).  Your false dichotomy ("weapons threat or U.S. geopolitical plotting") of explanations for the war omits the anti-totalitarian justification that was so important to me and many other war supporters, and was much spoken of by Bush and Blair.  I'm confused by your phrase "Western-style" democracy. What is that? I wasn't aware democracy had different regional flavors.  Do you think bringing democracy and freedom to Iraq is a bad thing? Is democracy only for "Western" nations? Are Arabs somehow incapable of it?  This gift to Iraq needn't be seen as altruistic. As with the overthrow of Saddam (which could have been accomplished without any commitment to democracy), the noble motives and the American self-interest merge nicely. Peggy Noonan laid out the national-interest case for democratic Iraq this week in the  Wall Street Journal :   I do not feel America is right to attempt to help spread democracy in the world because it is our way and therefore the right way. Nor do I think America should attempt to encourage it because we are Western and feel everyone should be Western. Not everyone should be Western, and not everything we do as a culture, a people or an international force is right.   Rather, we have a national-security obligation to foster democracy in the world because democracy tends to be the most peaceful form of government. Democracies tend to be slower than dictatorships to take up arms, to cross borders and attempt to subdue neighbors, to fight wars. They are on balance less likely to wreak violence upon the world because democracies are composed of voters many of whom are parents, especially mothers, who do not wish to see their sons go to war. Democracy is not only idealistic, it is practical.   What's sad is that, for many people in the world, when it's a choice between the U.S. and anybody else, they'll take anybody else. If it's a choice between the U.S. and Saddam, the world comes down on the side of the genocidal sadist. In the Afghan war, if it's a choice between the U.S. and the women-enslaving, statue-smashing, gay-executing Taliban, the world pours into the streets of its respective capitals to side with the Taliban and denounce the Americans.  I must correct you on another point. You write, "Apparently because no evidence [of WMD] has appeared." That's wrong. They have been found. Sarin shells, and worse things have turned up in Iraq. Banned missiles sat in hiding spots there. What the inspectors haven't found (yet) is a big pile of weapons labelled "Saddam's banned WMD."  The intelligence that the U.S. used was flawed. Intelligence is an imperfect business. We found some banned things we never thought Saddam had. We didn't find some others we thought he did have.  An example of the imperfect nature of intelligence is the Niger uranium claim. Europeans, especially France, have much better intelligence-gathering in West Africa than the U.S. Almost every European intelligence service thought Saddam was trying to buy uranium in Africa. One European intelligence agency had been monitoring a uranium-smuggling operation involving Iraq for three years. The CIA did a terrible job of checking on this; it sent one agent, who had a grudge, who only stayed a week, and who didn't even bother filing a written report. As a result, the only folks who didn't think Saddam was trying to buy African uranium were the CIA. In this case the British and Europeans were right, and the Americans were wrong.  But you can be forgiven for believing that "no WMD" have been found in Iraq, or that "Bush lied" about the African uranium, because that's what all the major media, and the Democratic politicians, have been saying. And nobody corrects them.  Why the administration doesn't make this known is beyond my ability to comprehend. At times it seems possessed by a perverse inability to make its own case. Although I agree with Bush's foreign policy conceptions, I find his execution of them, as of most things he tries to do, massively inept. But, politically, I'd rather support the bumbler who is trying to do the thing I think is right than the smooth operator who has his head in all the wrong places. 
     
    


	 
      I get online intending to blog something, then go look for a bicycle helmet big enough to fit my enormous head. A size XL wasn't enough. But before I get to write the post that's in my mind, I make the mistake of answering e-mails, and by the time that's done there's little time to compose a post. Forget about the helmet. So, in the absence of a post, here's a letter:  > I want to > focus on the topic of  > 9/11 motives and put the other points off to the > side for now.  How convenient.  > The 9/11 motives  > is a topic I have been agonizing over for years, in > fact the terrorists motives  > is a subject I have thought about for over a decade.  Good! It should be something everyone agonizes about and thinks about with all the intelligence he or she can muster. And then gets up and does something about it. I'm just sorry you can't see any further than the statements of the killers, who, by their very actions, prove themselves capable of any level of deceit for the sake of hurting what they hate.  > II can't make you see the facts, all I can do is > present them to you and hope  > you will honestly consider them. I think it is > disingenuous to insist that  > the motives were "arguments of convenience" >  > The 9/11 crime had specific motives. The attack was > in response to US  > policies of supporting Israel AND of supporting > oppressive regimes in the Middle  > East. That is basically what it was about.  > Osama bin > Laden also mentioned the  > sanctions against Iraq.  Which, by the way, now are ended. And the money is flowing into Iraq at a pace that ought to delight him, if he really cares about the Iraqi people. Most of them have clean water and real electrical service now for the first time in their lives. The Shi'ites of Iraq are free to practice their brand of Islam as they perhaps never have been. So is he happy? Is he pleased?  Hmmmm, doesn't seem that he is. Maybe that wasn't his real goal after all.  Oops, and I forgot, Wahhabis hate Shi'ites.  > Of course the troops in > Saudi Arabia that outrages bin  > Laden is part of the US policy of propping up the > Saudi Kingdom.   But the troops are gone now, as I said. Their feet no longer profane the holy soil. Is he happy? Is he pleased? Hmmmm, doesn't seem that he is.  > I hope you make a sincere effort to look at the > motives. There are people  > that are trying to deceive you and perhaps that is > why you are under the  > impression that you "have seen bin Laden and those > like him change their causes, and  > their demands, so many times I realize it's all just > smoke and mirrors." That  > simply is not true.   The people most certainly trying to deceive me are the Islamists. When they're caught, after some terrorist act, when they've got the attention of the world, thanks to some horrific deed they've committed, they bray about "avenging the injustices to Muslims worldwide."  But their literature and internal teachings talk about simply destroying the West, the sheer thrill of the religious duty of killing infidels, and the re-establishment of the caliphate.  What do they mean by "caliphate?" Sometimes they seem to mean "Islamist supremacy and total control in any lands where Muslims once ruled." But sometimes  they make it explicit: the whole world belongs to Islam. It was Allah's intention that the whole world should live under Islam, by conversion if possible, by conquest if not. Have you ever read the Qur'an and the Hadiths? Do you really not believe this?  > You wrote, "Considering that "the lands of Islam" is > defined by Islamists as  > any place where Muslims live". > That simply is not true. As you asked at your > newsroom, can you back that up?  Sigh. Evidently, you don't. You don't even have to delve into the body of written Sharia to find it.  Hizb-ut-Tahrir, the "peaceful" Islamic group that backed the girl who sued for the right to wear Islamic dress to school in England, gave Forum 18 News Service a list of their goals:    1. Restore a worldwide Caliphate, uniting the world under Islamic rule;  2. Ban all faiths apart from Islam,  Judaism and Christianity (members of other religions are not listed as "People of the Book" in the Qur'an);  3. Regulate all religious practice  according to Sharia law;  4. "Give all non-Muslim states a choice  between either joining the Caliphate under Sharia law, or paying a tax to the Caliphate. Failure to pay the tax would be punished by military attack."  A Web site of the Islamic Affairs Department (IAD) of the Saudi embassy in Washington (since removed, after it began to get unwanted attention in the Western blogs), advertised this as well:   "The Muslims are Required to Raise the Banner of Jihad in Order to Make the Word of Allah Supreme in this World. ... The Muslims are required to raise the banner of Jihad in order to make the Word of Allah supreme in this world, to remove all forms of injustice and oppression, and to defend the Muslims."    A London newspaper ran  urlLink  an extensive article   a couple of years ago, in which the reporter spent time with a group of radical Muslim youths in Luton. They all had grown up in good middle-class families, and they all had technical training and decent jobs, until they left them to become radicals. In short, they were the model of the 9-11 hijackers.  The article didn't make judgements. The reporter simply opened up the microphone and let the men talk. The result was enlightening, among other things:   "I made a decision that I wanted to follow what Islam really said," Sayful begins, sitting on his sofa in his thowb (a traditional robe) and bare feet. "I went to listen to all the local imams, but I found their portrayal of Islam was too secularised. When I heard Sheikh Omar [the leader] of al-Muhajiroun speak, it was pure Islam, with no compromise. I found that appealing."  "At the same time," continues Sayful, "wars were happening in Bosnia, Kosovo, Chechnya, Afghanistan. People were being oppressed simply because they were Muslim. Although I had never experienced racism in the UK, it opened the eyes of a lot of Muslims, including mine."   [Note the absence of "Palestine" on that list. And the fact that the West, and especially America, were trying to HELP the Muslims of Bosnia and Kosovo, and were pressuring the Russians about their tactics in Chechnya. At the time, too, the U.S. had no real beef with the Taliban, which I think is shameful on our part, but Sayful doesn't seem to care. Note, too, the false, but typical, identification of "Islam" and "race."]   "But it was the events of 11 September that crystallised Sayful's worldview. "When I watched those planes go into the Twin Towers, I felt elated," he says. "That magnificent action split the world into two camps: you were either with Islam and al Qaeda, or with the enemy. I decided to quit my job and commit myself full-time to al-Muhajiroun."  Now he does not consider himself British. "I am a Muslim living in Britain, and I give my allegiance only to Allah."   According to Sayful, the aim of al-Muhajiroun ("the immigrants") is nothing less than Khilafah - "the worldwide domination of Islam". The way to achieve this, he says, is by Jihad, led by Bin Laden. "I support him 100 per cent."  Does that support extend to violent acts of terrorism in the UK? "Yes," he replies, unequivocally. "When a bomb attack happens here, I won't be against it, even if it kills my own children. Islam is clear: Muslims living in lands that are occupied have the right to attack their invaders."   > Where is the public > debate about what 46% of  > the American people think we should do?  Isn't it up to the American people to have that debate, via their political process, if they care so much about it? People in the anti-war/anti-American camp (they are not the same, but they converge) talk and act as if the American people were schoolchildren who need to be lectured by their media and directed in the paths of truth by their leaders (the leaders you agree with, of course not those other ones). The nation is one big lecture hall, full of innocent, empty minds and Mr. Chomsky is about to step up to the podium and lead you all to enlightenment.  The political process, the media, too, are the property of the people, not in some Leninist sense, but actually. I wrote something about media responsibility recently, in handling photos of war dead, and someone responded, with, essentially, "You're wrong; the newspapers need to run more pictures of gore, to rub people's faces in the facts of the war they supported." This, of course, is the Michael Moore view, too. But it overlooks the fact that a hometown newspaper is not required reading in some college course. People have a choice; they can buy it, or they can leave it alone.  Go on and publish a newspaper that tells people everything you think they need to know but you think they don't want to know. See how long you last before you can't pay your truck drivers and your pressmen. Then ask them if they'll work for free, in exchange for knowing they're spreading the message that the terorists want us to get.  I swear, people on the left spent way too much time in college classrooms. They actually seem to like being lectured to, and expect everyone else to share the fetish. And the older ones spent too much time worshipping at the shrine of the old Soviet communist system, with its lifelong "education" in party doctrine.  > I think you shoudl be aware > that neither Chomsky nor I  > are saying that there is a "conspiracy". What is > happenieng is there is a  > general trend of presenting facts and not presenting > facts.  In other words, the Chomskyite world view is built as a pyramid of certain facts, presented in a certain arrangement, with proper emphasis and ordering, that leads to a certain inevitable conclusion.  And the newspapers of America aren't building that structure. They're building another one. It's based on some combination and compromise between what the general type of person who runs a newsroom feels, and what the general type of person who reads a newspaper is willing to pay 50 cents a day to read.  That's a free-market information system. It's sloppy, imperfect, inexact, and sometimes it makes me boil with anger, but I can't think of any other one I'd want to live with, frankly. Nothing's repressed: there have been alternative and "underground" newspapers for as long as there have been newspapers. Don't like CNN? Get a dish and watch al-Jazeera all day. Don't want a dish? We have the Internet now. You can find any point of view there you want to find, and find it a hundred times over.  There are message boards and newsgroups and any blog worth its salt has a "comments" section. Repression of debate? There's more public debate going on in this country than there has been since the 1850s.  It may be that you don't like the fact that your side's view isn't gaining any traction with the majority. But that would be a different problem.  Personally, I think most Americans would be more than willing to talk about things like economic opportunities for Palestinians, once Palestinians talk more seriously about stopping their bus-bombing campaign. And I think most Americans are willing to help the Middle East achieve a decent standard of living, once most of the Middle East stops celebrating suicide attacks that kill Americans.   > You don't see that, in general, the media has not > served the public good? you  > didn't notive that on 9/11 and the days after nearly > the entire media refused  > to even speak of motive?  I saw the question "why do they hate us?" addressed continually, and I saw a great many references to Israel and the Palestinians.  > The author of the book > "Bais" was pleased with how  > the media behaved on 9/11. (that proves my point I > think)  How that can prove anything is beyond me.  >  Ever notice when  > other crimes occur the media OFTEN refers to motive? > "cops still looking for a  > motive", etc?   Here is one recent   example, look > how the media is reporting  > the Kansas plant shootings: >  > Sixth person dies after shooting at Kansas plant  > KANSAS CITY, Kan. (AP) -- A sixth person shot in a > rampage at a meatpacking  > plant died Saturday, and investigators said they > still have not determined the  > gunman's motive.  Yeah, and you know what the "motive" in such cases usually turns out to be? The killer is a racist, or a nut-job, or both.    "KANSAS CITY, KAN. -- Elijah Brown's co-workers always had a hard time making sense of him. He paced; he talked to himself; he got bothered over teasing that wouldn't faze other people.  ... Police did not offer a motive for the 10-minute rampage Friday but said there appeared to be nothing random about the killings at the Kansas City, Kan., ConAgra Foods Inc. plant. They said he passed by some co-workers, telling them, "You haven't done anything to me, so you can go."  "This person acted with purpose; he knew exactly what he was doing," said Police Chief Ron Miller."   And I'll wager it's the same with mass-killers of any stripe, whether they mask their inhumanity with religion or politics or some mix of ther two. Of course, some religions, and some political views, really do encourage this sort of behavior. Maybe that's why it seems to come more often from certain places.  I'm curious: given your strong, stated views of American slavery, and the justness of resistance to it, what do you think about Islam being the only major religion that still sanctions slavery, and the only one that practices it on a large scale? What ought to be the role of the U.S. government with regard to the Darfur atrocities?
     
    


	 
      The indispensible Omar at  urlLink  Iraq the Model   has translated more reactions from average Iraqis, this time on the Lord Butler report, from the BBC Arabic forum:   " If the British and American Intelligence have made a mistake and this mistake lead to the decision of the war on Saddam and liberation of Iraq from the hands of what was probably the worst tyranny ever, then what a wonderful mistake! The truth is, Blair was brave in his decision and defied all difficulties in this decision. How can anyone imagine that this was wrong? They gave us back our lost freedom and dignity."  Fakhelddine Sharif-Iraq.   "The report of Lord Butler reflects the respect for the laws in a country that has no written constitution. From my point ov view I think that the report is incomplete because it didn’t mention a (thank you) to Mr. Blair and Mr. Bush for doing this honorable job which is toppling the pervert dictator and crushing the iron security grip for the worst tyrant in the world. The soldiers who died in Iraq gave their lives as tributes for freedom. Thanks to all the soldiers who risked and lost their lives for the sake of others’ freedom."  Mohammed Abdul Jabbar-Baghdad.    Omar's view:   The debate about Lord Butler’s report has taken a large space in both, the western and Arabic media. As most of you probably know, Iraqis care more about the results of operation Iraqi freedom rather the causes and whether these were legitimate or not.     Because Iraqis have a lot to deal with regarding their daily life needs and the fact that we’re not a major player in international politics, it becomes understandable that they pay less attention than the rest of the world to the legal complexities of the war and most of them see this war legitimate simply because it lead to their solvation and freedom.   You cannot tell a man that saving him and his family from torture, humiliation and death was a mistake and it should’ve not been done because it’s illegal. This is almost an insult to Iraqis to hear someone saying that this war was illegal. It means that our suffering for decades meant nothing and that formalities and the stupid rules of the UN (that rarely function) are more important than the lives of 25 million people.     urlLink  Go read more ...  
     
    


	 
      This was passed along to me. It's an exchange between the editor of a local newspaper and a family of his readers. The family's military connections include a Pfc. in the 58th combat engineer company, out of Fort Irwin, Calif., currently at Camp victory in Baghdad.  I think this exchange illustrates, better than I could describe it, the new rift between a great many average Americans and their media. This is especially true of the millions of Americans with a loved one in the military.  It begins with a photo of four dead Marines, unidentified. Not a picture of flag-draped caskets -- the subject of an earlier flap involving the Pentagon and the press. That sort of photo can be presented with respect and dignity. We're talking about a dead-men-sprawled-in-bloody-uniforms picture.  The job of a free press is to inform citizens and to tell as much of the truth as it can through authentic reporting, while minimizing the harm caused by truth-baring. It's a tight-rope act some days, and graphic photos present that challenge in its starkest form. Just because you're the media, doesn't mean you print everything. Hometown newspapers have standards. You don't print names of child rape victims. You deprive your public of that much of the truth for a greater good.   Sometimes as a journalist you have to confront your readers with things they'd rather not know or see. But that doesn't mean you have to rub their faces cruelly in everything that comes across your desk. People die in wars, yes. You write about it. When they die, you publish the picture they posed for before shipping out. But to put pictures of dead smashed bodies in a paper that goes into tens of thousands of homes every morning is not something you just do as a matter of course. People die of cancer, too. It doesn't mean you put pictures of festering sores in a family newspaper.  In every paper I've ever worked for, to print a picture of dead bodies was anathema, only to be done in the most dire cases, when nothing else can tell the story, and only after much soul-searching.  Almost all newspapers have a policy governing morbid pictures. Many such policies prohibit the photos outright. The Texarkana (Texas) Gazette, to pick a random example, has a policy outlined in a 1989 editors' memo: "There may be some exceptions to this, if there is compelling news value. But as the norm, we will cease to show bodies under sheets, or in bags, or on stretchers, or in any other state of demise. I can't rationalize to myself how body photographs add anything to the value of our newspaper. Instead, I think many of our readers would find them offensive. ... The guiding philosophy behind the policy is one of compassion for the victim's friends and family and an empathy for the sensibilities of our readers."  At the four newspapers I've worked for, I can't remember one case where a picture of a dead body ran. I'm not saying it never  should  happen. But you make the decision very deliberately, especially when there is a possibility that someone reading the paper might be a family member of one of the dead -- who might thereby learn of the loss of a loved one when unfolding the local paper at breakfast and seeing a graphic photo of it.  Anyway, this is the letter that started it:   Wednesday, June 30, 2004 Letters to the Editor   Before publishing pictures of dead soldiers, put yourself in their shoes   On June 22 I distinctly saw a picture that greatly disappointed me. It seems that the Desert Dispatch has reached a new low by publishing a picture of four dead marines. That picture was something that shouldn't have been printed.   In this town I believe you owe a very big apology to the families of and members who are serving in the military.   The paper showed absolutly no respect or decency for the dead or the ones in uniform who keep us safe and protect us throughout our everyday lives.  I myself was very upset and offended by what I saw. I have my brother who is currently serving in the Air Force and my boyfriend who is in the army and currently over in Iraq, along with other family members who did serve their country.   You seriously need to look up the word "ethics" in the dictionary. I think you will find it helpful the next time you even attempt to publish something like that.   Also in conclusion, "food for thought," always look at both sides of the story. Then try putting yourself in the soldier's shoes.   Have you ever been shot at? Have you ever been so close to the gunfire that you can smell the gunpowder? Have you ever been literally scared out of your wits, but you react to your training?  Those are the shoes of a combat soldier. Think about it!   God bless America, and God bless our troops.   Lisa Martin, Barstow    Her father wrote a letter, too, published the following day:    Thursday, July 1, 2004 Letters to the Editor   Dispatch owes military families an apology for photo of dead Marines   On June 22 your paper published a photo and accompanying headline titled "4 Marines killed in Ambush." I have a question to ask: Wasn't the headline enough?   The reason I ask is the photo was an Associated Press photo. The good old Associated Press at its finest so they think. The photo contained pictures of dead marines.   Now I have another question: We live in Barstow, home to two military installations. Why in God's name was that picture published? Just because the Associated Press thinks it's OK to publish such things, that makes it OK for Barstow?   I think not, because in my humble opinion it violated human decency and respect for the dead, and to say nothing of the feelings of the families of those troops depicted.   Doesn't the Dispatch understand they were somebody's son, husband, father or brother?   Tell me something, do journalists (newspapers) have a code of ethics, standards that they live by daily? Are they like, respect the bounds of human decency, tell the truth, be unbiased and tell both sides of the story? If so June 22 was a failure in the decency and respect department.  I can only speak for myself, but I am personally revolted by what I saw. I have a son in the Air Force and a future son-in-law in Kuwait, so my tie to the military is strong.   They (the troops) are our sons and daughters, and yes I said ours! They stand a post every night all over the world and say it's OK to close your eyes tonight; it's safe.  And by God they will receive the respect they are owed, and have earned for protecting our freedom. It's been paid for with their blood and the blood of those who came before them.   I am reminded of 1945 and General Patton who described the press and its reporting in this fashion "as being the last remnants" of the great American press.   It's funny how something said so long ago still holds true today. The Desert Dispatch fell to a new low today and it's sad. The newspaper's former editor would never have published such a photo. The Desert Dispatch and you sir, owe the military people in Barstow and the Moms and Dads with kids in the military serving an apology.   God bless our troops. Roger Martin, Barstow     Now, part of the ethics of being a newspaper editor is, you take your lumps when you've earned them -- and sooner or later you will earn them.  But the editor of the Desert Dispatch felt compelled to rally to his own defense in the form of a published editorial. As a former editorial page editor, I can tell you, this is bad form. The editor has the entire rest of the paper to manipulate the news to express his world-view, his prejudices, if he chooses to play that game. One page -- usually about a third of a page, actually -- he sets aside every day for his readers.  That's their space, to make their points, and express their views, which likely are different from his. There's something sacred about the inviolability of that, if there is anything sacred in a newspaper. Short of actual lies and libels, you let the people have their soapbox.  Yet this editor insists on pre-empting and trumping his reader, by printing a piece as long as the letter itself, in lugubrious purple prose, justifying what the reader finds as a fault.    Thursday, July 1, 2004 OUR OPINION:  Consider everything about the Iraqi war   To truly understand the wages of war, one must step foot on the battlefield. Words and pictures only cannot convey the sound of gunfire ringing off a nearby building or the shock and horror of seeing fellow soldiers go down.  The only way, in fact, to even come close to bringing the true wages of war home to American residents, even those with friends and loved ones in Iraq, is to tell the honest story.  That means sharing the good and the bad, the uplifting and the gory, the victories and the defeats.  Recently the news media has come under fire for how it has covered the Iraqi conflict, but the criticism has come from both sides.  Liberals like Michael Moore claim the media hasn't done enough. News organizations, he states in his movie "Fahrenheit 9/11" have willingly shelved the most graphic footage in order to support President Bush's dubious rationale for starting the conflict.  Others, including Desert Dispatch readers, argue the media has gone too far. This newspaper has received a number of letters, including the one you see below, complaining that showing American soldiers at their darkest hours demeans their sacrifices.  I wish I had a way to answer the critics on both sides, but I too find myself torn. I would not have published some of the photographs and stories other larger papers have, including the images of dead American contractors who insurgents hung from a bridge in Fallujah, but I also don't want to sugarcoat what is going on either.  No matter how much we support the president or our troops in Iraq, we need to realize that they are dying and often death does not come gently.  Graphic images can wake us from our apathy and encourage us to analyze the price our soldiers have paid.  In retrospect, I can understand why some thought the image of four dead marines we published was in bad taste, but I am heartened by the debate it has stirred.  To truly ensure that American soldiers have not died in vain, we must know the whole story.  Hans K. Meyer    Whew. "Both sides are complaining about us, so we must be right" is an old canard in the news business. Sometimes it's true, but often it's not. Especially it's not true when, as here, the one side consists of "your readers" and the other consists of "Michael Moore."  The one side starts out as "liberals such as Moore," but no other names ever appear, and frankly it's hard to think of any mainstream liberals calling for more American gore in the papers. (Moore doesn't just want more pictures: he has said he wants more of the real thing, to punish us for supporting Bush.)  Indeed, you can find a lot of "liberal" media that probably wouldn't run the picture the Dispatch ran. Lester Crystal, executive producer of “The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer,” explained his policy thus: “For taste purposes, you don’t show people in agony on the air. You don’t show a lot of dead bodies.” And after the Atocha station terror-bombings in Madrid, the ultra-liberal Guardian in Britain ran a gripping front-page photo of people helping the wounded and dazed by the tracks -- with a severed human leg in the foreground of the original photo manipulated out.  Frankly, I didn't realize Moore had such heft with the editorial policies of the Desert Dispatch, when weighed against the impact of the people who actually plunk down their 50 cents for it, and shop in the groceries that advertise in it, and phone in with news tips from their neighborhoods.  The editor's invocation of Moore and only Moore is enough, as if more were needed, to collapse this defense. Evidently the editor couldn't find a legitimate media maven to back him up, so he settled for a manipulative partisan clown act.  He justifies the dead Marines photo by claiming that it is a necessary "balance" to the "good" and "uplifting" news. But if he's filling his wire news hole with the AP (and there isn't much alternative) he's missing anything that might read like "good news." There would be no word on the ongoing rebuiding of Iraq's infrastructure; the myriad ways its people are learning to breathe freely with their dictator gone; the thousands of humanitarian acts done by coalition people, military and civilian; and the utter heroism of so many men and women who are putting down the insurgency without devastating the country.  I bet he didn't have any stories about that in the Desert Dispatch. But I bet he ran a lot of Abu Ghraib pictures.   He tells his readers he would publish the pictures of dead American soldiers -- to show them "the whole story" and expose "President Bush's dubious rationale for starting the conflict." Yet he won't show them the truth about the fanatical and brutal murders of innocent Americans at the hands of Islamist terrorists and mobs, which just might inspire Americans to re-recognize the savages of 9/11 and dig in our heels for a harder fight.  Evidently this newspaper's policy on dicey photos is, "we run the ones Michael wants our readers to see." Heaven knows we can't show them anything that reveals the brutality of our enemies! Only the folly of our leaders.  Mr. Meyer's regular editorials must be a trip, by the way. This one reads like a drunken Memorial Day speech at the Elks Lodge. "Wages of war" twice in two paragraphs; and the opening statements utterly contradict one another: "words and pictures cannot convey what we convey to you with words and pictures."  "Old media" (newspapers, TV networks) have been dying for decades. This war, I think, will hasten their end. They no longer speak the same language as their readers. They no longer live in the same world.  But Mr. Martin is not done.  urlLink  Read the rest.     Roger's e-mail, by the way, is MARTRLON@aol.com  
     
    


	 
       VIVID MEMORIES HAUNT TORTURED IRAQI REFUGEES   By Bruce Finley The Denver Post  DENVER — While America tries to sow freedom in Iraq, Iraqi torture survivors Kareem and Laila Qabani are just trying to live.  They reached a turning point last week after four years in metro Denver. Laila, 49, was putting up "sale" signs at the Sears where she works. A new manager accused her of missing a sign. When Laila said the manager was wrong, the manager accused her of lying.  Laila snapped: "You know what? I lost four months of my life because I say the truth." Then, sobbing in the arms of another supervisor, she blurted out details of her captivity under Saddam Hussein that left her and her husband, Kareem, almost broken.  "Everything, even in my body, reminds me," she said later at their suburban Denver apartment, referring to a cigarette burn on her hand, a scar from a skewer on her forearm, numb fingertips where captors attached electrodes. Wincing, she told of a gang rape in the Olympic compound run by Saddam's son Uday — punishment, Laila said, because she had refused to collaborate with Uday in a business venture.  "They told me, "We are going to teach you how to say yes all the time — not to say no,' " she said.  Kareem, 58, began talking about his torture, too, encouraged by a psychiatrist who sees it as a step to recovery. A former journalist, Kareem was detained, once for three years, including long stints alone in a small, dark room. Then Laila's captors forced him to watch a video of the gang rape. Those images "took my power," he said.  "Now I feel tired," he said. "I worry all the time."  The Qabanis signed contracts consenting to be killed if they spoke to anybody about their treatment in prison. They were among thousands tortured under Saddam, the dictator deposed by the U.S.-led invasion of Iraq.  The State Department lists rape, extended solitary confinement in the dark, electric shocks, branding, burning with hot irons and blowtorches, amputation without anesthesia, dripping of acid on skin and more as torture tactics used under Saddam.  This week, U.S. officials couldn't say how many torture survivors have been accepted as refugees since the fall of Saddam's regime in April 2003. A State Department staffer said a history of torture might help an Iraqi get in.  The Qabanis escaped by bribing Iraqi officials to obtain passports and fleeing across the desert to Jordan in 1998, first Kareem with their son and daughter, then Laila three months later, disguised as an old woman seeking a doctor. Finally in Syria, U.S. officials accepted them as refugees and sent them to Colorado, where resettlement workers would assist them in March 2000.  Now they fly U.S. flags outside their front and back doors.  Haunted by the past, neither sleeps easily. They're also bothered by the furor over U.S. mistreatment of war detainees. Americans need to grasp that U.S. abuses at Abu Ghraib prison are "a small fire," Kareem said, compared with abuses under Saddam. Thousands of children born to women raped in prison are evidence of what happened before, he said.  "Where was the American media when I was in prison and when that happened to my wife?" he asked.  Laila said she'll never go back to Iraq. Kareem said maybe he'd work in Iraq temporarily if asked by the U.S. government.  Most of the 150 or so Iraqi families in the Denver area know somebody who disappeared in captivity, said Ibrahim Kazerooni, imam at a Shiite mosque. An unknown number are torture survivors. Some keep it a secret.  For the Qabanis, trying to live meant muffling inner wails while juggling multiple jobs. The Qabanis' 20-year-old son works at Target; their 29-year-old daughter, who has a 3-year-old son, works at Wal-Mart. Kareem manages 12 hours a week on night shifts at Target. Laila works full time at Sears. None earns more than $10 an hour. They combine their earnings to pay their $1,100-a-month rent at an apartment complex.  In the 1970s, the Qabanis had office jobs in oil-rich Iraq. They had university degrees. Their families had money — his father owned a trading company, hers a rug and fabric factory. He pursued journalism, publishing articles in newspapers, and ran a video shop.  "I wanted to speak out loudly about people, about suffering I saw," Kareem said. "To show the truth. But it's impossible to show the truth in Iraq."  Laila ran Radio Baghdad, a state-owned radio station. She preferred to focus on the arts, knowing that news meant reading propaganda handed down from government officials.  Then in the early 1990s, Uday Hussein decided to start a radio station. He asked Laila to serve as a managing director. She refused, out of fear.  Soon, she said, Uday's manager telephoned, saying, " 'You should go to the Olympic building; they want you to go there.' "  Her boss told her to comply, and she did, worrying that otherwise she would be taken from her home in front of her children. At the Olympic compound, a guard told her she was under arrest.  She can name the "ugly men" who abused her in an empty room. Her captors later moved her to prisons. Every other day, she said, they administered electric shocks "until I pass out. ... At that time I was wishing to die."  She wanted to live "just when I think about my kids. I hoped to stay alive to see them." She lost more than 50 pounds, and four months later was taken to a police station for release.  She cries recalling the day when Kareem arrived. "He was looking at the faces, and he couldn't recognize me," she said. "I call him: 'Kareem!' "  She was "like a ghost, broken, her wings were broken," he said. "After I saw her, I was mentally broken."  Laila couldn't sleep for more than 15 minutes, couldn't stand to be alone. "I felt I was dying every day," she said.  America offered breathing room.  "I am far away from those ugly people," she said.  She's halfway to making "a normal life," she said.  Kareem said he struggles with "the idea of somebody controlling me" at work, though he likes the people at Target. And "when I go outside, I worry about every single thing."  He prefers to just sit in a darkened basement — smoking, dozing, writing a little, sometimes playing guitar.  "I like to be there as long as I can," he said, "just to not face other people." 
     
    


	 
       By GEOFFREY NUNBERG New York Times   "The long-term defeat of terror will happen when freedom takes hold in the broader Middle East," President Bush said on June 28, as he announced the early transfer of sovereignty to the Iraqis.  The "defeat of terror" — the wording suggests that much has changed since Sept. 11, 2001. In his speech on that day, Bush said, "We stand together to win the war against terrorism," and over the following year the White House described the enemy as terrorism twice as often as terror. But in White House speeches over the past year, those proportions have been reversed. And the shift from "terrorism" to "terror" has been equally dramatic in major newspapers, according to a search of several databases.  Broad linguistic shifts like those usually owe less to conscious decisions by editors or speechwriters than to often unnoticed changes in the way people perceive their world. Terrorism may itself be a vague term, as critics have argued. But terror is still more amorphous and elastic, and alters the understanding not just of the enemy but of the war against it.  True, phrases like "terror plots" or "terror threat level" can make terror seem merely a headline writer's shortening of the word terrorism. But even there, "terror" draws on a more complex set of meanings. It evokes both the actions of terrorists and the fear they are trying to engender.  "Do we cower in the face of terror?" Bush asked on Irish television a few days before the handover in Iraq, with terror doing double work.  And unlike "terrorism," "terror" can be applied to states as well as to insurgent groups, as in the president's frequent references to Saddam Hussein's "terror regime." Even if Saddam cannot actually be linked to the attacks of Sept. 11, "terror" seems to connect them etymologically.  The modern senses of "terror" and "terrorism" reach back to a single historical moment: "la Terreur," Robespierre's Reign of Terror in 1793 and 1794.  "Terror," Robespierre said, "is nothing other than justice, prompt, severe, inflexible; it is therefore an emanation of virtue."  It was the ruthless severity of that emanation that moved Edmund Burke to decry "those hell-hounds called terrorists," in one of the first recorded uses of "terrorist" in English.  For Robespierre and his contemporaries, "terror" conveyed the exalted emotion people may feel when face to face with the absolute. That was what led Albert Camus to describe terror as the urge that draws people to the violent certainties of totalitarianism, where rebellion hardens into ideology.  With time, though, the word's aura of sublimity faded. By 1880, "holy terror" was only a jocular name for an obstreperous child and "terrible" no longer suggested the sense of awe it had in "terrible swift sword." By the Jazz Age, "terrific" was just a wan superlative. Terror was still a name for intense fear, but it no longer connoted a social force.  "Terrorism," too, has drifted since its origin. By modern times, the word could refer only to the use of violence against a government, not on its behalf — though some still claimed the "terrorist" designation proudly, like the Russian revolutionaries who assassinated Czar Alexander II in 1881 and the Zionist Stern Gang (later the Lehi), which, in the 1940s used assassination and other violent means in hopes of driving the British occupiers out of Palestine.  It wasn't until the beginning of the post-colonial period that all groups rejected the terrorist label in favor of names like freedom fighters or mujahadeen. By then, "terrorism" was no longer a genuine -ism, but the name for a reprehensible strategy, often extended as a term of abuse for anyone whose methods seemed ruthless.  But the recent uses of "terror" seem to draw its disparate, superseded senses back together in a way that Burke might have found familiar. Today, it is again a name that encompasses both the dark forces that threaten "civilization" and the fears they arouse.  The new senses of the noun are signaled in another linguistic shift in the press and in White House speeches. Just as "terrorism" has been replaced by "terror," so "war" is much more likely now to be followed by "on" rather than "against."  That "war on" pattern dates from the turn of the 20th century, when people adapted epidemiological metaphors like "the war on typhus" to describe campaigns against social evils like alcohol, crime and poverty — endemic conditions that could be mitigated but not eradicated. Society may declare a war on drugs or drunken driving, but no one expects total victory.  "The war on terror," too, suggests a campaign aimed not at human adversaries but at a pervasive social plague. At its most abstract, terror comes to seem as persistent and inexplicable as evil itself, without raising any inconvenient theological qualms. And in fact, the White House's use of "evil" has declined by 80 percent over the same period that its use of "terror" has been increasing.  Like wars on ignorance and crime, a "war on terror" suggests an enduring state of struggle — a "never ending fight against terror and its relentless onslaughts," as Camus put it in "The Plague," his 1947 allegory on the rise and fall of fascism. It is as if the language is girding itself for the long haul.   Geoffrey Nunberg, a Stanford linguist, is heard on NPR's "'Fresh Air" and is author of "Going Nucular" (PublicAffairs, 2004).  
     
    


	 
       Disturbing on so many levels I don't know where to start with it. Just read and think.    Iraq City Becomes Symbol of Resistance   Friday July 16   By SARAH EL DEEB Associated Press Writer   CAIRO, Egypt - Through Web sites, headlines and graffiti, the Arab world is celebrating the people of Fallujah as victors over a superpower.   This embrace of the Iraqi city has raised fears that it will become a magnet for recruits to al-Qaida's anti-Western campaign. But many Arabs say Fallujah stands out more as a boost to their self-esteem after witnessing the Iraqi army barely put up a fight against the U.S. invasion last year.   U.S. Marines besieged the city west of Baghdad in April after four Americans were ambushed and killed there. Ten Marines and hundreds of Iraqis, many of them civilians, died before the Marines pulled out and handed security over to an Iraqi volunteer force.   The three-week siege is inspiring "a literature of resistance and war," said Egyptian novelist Gamal el-Ghitani. "Fallujah is a symbol, in one of the worst eras we have witnessed, that it is not impossible to stand up to America."   He said it also sends a message to Arab dictators about the lesson people may draw about resisting oppression.   "I used to laugh, despite the ghastly daily news, about how a bunch of poor, helpless Iraqis with primitive weapons are forcing the greatest superpower in the world to negotiate. Honestly, the American army was ridiculed," he said.   El-Ghitani, like many Arabs, hadn't even heard of Fallujah until then. Now it is being likened to Beirut under Israeli siege in 1982, to the resistance in Egyptian cities on the Suez Canal against the Anglo-French-Israeli invasion of 1956, and even Napoleon's 1799 siege of Acre.   Ibrahim el-Firjani, a Libyan university professor, said Fallujah has "shown America the real Arabs, not those lining up to surrender."   In Lebanon, the restive Palestinian refugee camp of Ein el-Hilweh renamed a major street Fallujah.   Hamoud al-Heimi, a high school student in San'a, the Yemeni capital, said his neighborhood soccer team now calls itself Fallujah. In the society pages of a Yemeni paper, doctors congratulated a colleague on the birth of his daughter, Fallujah (The name means "the land readied for planting").   Al-Suweidi, a district of the Saudi capital Riyadh known to harbor militant dissidents, has been nicknamed Fallujah. The al-Qaida-linked Saudi group that beheaded American hostage Paul Johnson called itself the "Fallujah brigade."   "Volcano of Fallujah," a video posted on the Internet and apparently produced by one of the many anti-U.S. groups fighting in Fallujah, included segments on "burning an infidels' Hummer," and "killing and dragging of (Israeli) Mossad and CIA agents." It signed off with an appeal for money and fighters.   In a diary of the siege signed by Abu Anas al-Shami, identified as an adviser to the militant Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, Internet surfers read of Egyptians, Saudis, Syrians, Jordanians, Yemenis and Libyans coming to Iraq to fight Americans.   "God wanted, in his wisdom, to render Fallujah a haven for the heroes and holy warriors of Iraq, and a favorite in the hearts of the itinerant holy warriors from different parts of the world," al-Shami wrote.   Evan Kohlmann, a Washington-based consultant on terrorism and security affairs, said men like al-Shami want to turn Iraq into the next Afghanistan — a rallying point for a full-scale attack on the West.   Saudi columnist Daoud al-Shirian said Fallujah draws disgruntled young Arabs because it is in their midst, not in distant Afghanistan or Chechnya.   Though foreigners are playing a role in Iraq, most of the anti-U.S. fighters are believed to be Iraqis motivated by nationalism, not extremist Islam. Many Arabs who draw pride from Fallujah aren't interested in going to Iraq because they have their own battles to fight, some with guns and bombs, some with words.   Abu Qutadah, an al-Qaida suspect jailed in Britain, published a poem in an Arab newspaper likening Fallujah to a West Bank town invaded by Israel in 2002 to root out suicide bombers.   Fallujah, he wrote, is "the sister of Jenin in fire and light."
     
    


	 
      AP story today:  Whoopi Goldberg latest star punished over anti-Bush remarks    Another one off the entertainment desk, masquerading as news ("By ANTHONY BREZNICAN, AP Entertainment Writer"). LOS ANGELES (AP) — Some may think Whoopi Goldberg's crack about President Bush was no big whoop. But in the latest case of celebrity censure over political remarks, Slim-Fast cut Goldberg out like carbs. It goes on to tell the sad tale of how the "diet giant" dropped the poor woman simply because "the company's executives were unhappy with anti-Bush remarks Goldberg made at a recent political rally."   What she said, at a rally that raised $7.5 million for the John Kerry-John Edwards presidential ticket, can't be reprinted in a family newspaper, so the AP doesn't even try.   Breznican also informs us, in a Michael Moore-like example of "guilt by juxtaposition," that "The Slim-Fast Foods Co. is based in West Palm Beach, Fla., where President Bush's brother, Jeb, is governor."   But you have to read past all that before you get to this paragraph: The company's decision to drop Goldberg likely has more to do with consumer complaints than the politics of the executives. Slim-Fast is run by S. Daniel Abraham, who has donated large sums to the Democratic Party.  
     
    


	 
      More Moore in the AP:    Theater owner invites Republicans to anti-Bush movie   LEWISBURG, Pa. (AP) — Theater operator Eric Faden has had a hard time persuading Republicans to see "Fahrenheit 9/11." So he's inviting them to a special showing. What's more, he'll even buy tickets for any card-carrying Republicans who come to see Michael Moore's assault on President Bush's actions regarding the Sept. 11 attacks.   The owner of the nonprofit Campus Theatre, who is doing this, is an assistant professor of film studies at Bucknell University. He says he's sincere, and he sounds sincere.  Faden noticed that only liberals were going to see the movie. When he asked "his conservative friends" (one wonders how many a Bucknell professor has), he found most of them hadn't seen it. In fact, a CNN/USA Today/Gallup poll found 63 percent of Republicans had no plans to see "Fahrenheit 9/11" (compared with 38 percent of independents and 27 percent of Democrats).  They told him that was because they (like me) didn't want to put money in Moore's pockets. But Faden's offer doesn't remove that objection. Apparently, he's going to be footing the bill, so the money goes to Moore no matter if it comes out of my pocket (as a Republican patron) or his. The article is vague on the economics of this, but Faden's quote, "We'll see what happens on Saturday. I think it's going to be one of two things — it's either going to be packed and I'm going to be really poor, or no one's going to show up," suggests that the money's flowing no matter who pays it.  So if I don't want to give money to a man who advocates more killing of Americans in Iraq, and who has business deals with Hizbullah, how is this better?  
     
    


	 
      The headline reads  urlLink  'Fahrenheit 9/11' Brings News to Theaters.   No, it's not a Michael Moore press release. Believe it ir not, this is an Associated Press news story. It's written by the AP's ranking "Television Writer," Frazier Moore.    NEW YORK - Time was, you had to go to the movies to see the news. Then came television, which brought newsreels right into your home.   Now, in this election year a half-century later, people in huge numbers have found that getting  news  about the war in Iraq and the politics behind it makes a trip to the multiplex well worth the bother. [Emphasis added]     Moore is someone who presumably would identify himself as being in the "news" business, albeit in the entertainment branch. He reviews TV shows, but he also covers the business end of entertainment. He writes hard news as well as soft news.   Presumably, his editors also think they are in the "news" business, and presumably they got to be editors because they were thought to have some sort of head on their shoulders. And ditto for the people who send these articles out to the Internet, routed into the "news" bins of various Web services (such as Verizon, where my girlfriend, who has seen "F9/11," saw this and was aghast).   And so the AP thinks 9/11 is "news," comparable to (actually superior to, if I read this right) the evening TV news.   Frazier Moore continues:    Moore, of course, knows how to make a splash. Last year a billion viewers saw him accept his "Bowling for Columbine" best-documentary Academy Award by denouncing the war of a "fictitious president ... Shame on you, Mr. Bush!"   But then he elaborated on that theme with "Fahrenheit 9/11," and the public response has been greater than anyone could have imagined, setting off shock waves even beyond its record-busting $80 million box office. His is a film that is firing up the public, both pro and con - even people who haven't seen it.   And it's done something else. In the way the film frames the presidency of George W. Bush ("Was it all just a dream?" Moore muses over images of Al Gore celebrating his short-lived win) "Fahrenheit 9/11" has managed to upstage mainstream TV journalism.    The parenthetical reference here shows that Frazier Moore has taken MM's bait and swallowed it whole. He fell for the very first deception in the film, in the opening scene from election night 2000. Al Gore rocks out on stage while the band plays and the crowd cheers, under a sign reading “Florida Victory.” Moore lets you think they're celebrating an election they think they won.   They're not. Gore was in Florida, doing last-minute campaigning, early on election day, before the polls had even opened. That's when the rally took place. Then Gore followed long-standing tradition and went home (to Tennessee) to await the results. Frazier Moore might have realized this if he'd managed to check  his own wire services archives  [Reference: “Gore Campaigns Into Election Day,” Associated Press, Nov. 7, 2000].   But of course, he didn't, and of course, that's what MM was counting on him not doing.   The article then takes a merry romp through Moore's history in TV and film, the "investigative" projects he has "masterminded," including the "prankishly muckraking  Awful Truth  on Bravo. We're asked to chuckle at the "effort by Moore to broker peace in Bosnia by getting the ambassadors of Serbia and Croatia to serenade each other with the 'Barney' song." People are dying in concentration camps, but I'm going to get some yuks out of this and enhance my reputation -- way to go, MM.   This is contrasted, in the article, with the scandal-rocked and compromised newtwork news programs. The decade-old rigged "fiery-truck crash" at "Dateline NBC" is invoked. Gods know, the network news is awful enough. But it ignores the fact that "F9/11" is one long series of rigged explosions.   We're told that "Moore could never fit the TV news mold," but that's another point in his favor. "But bulky, bluejeans-clad Moore is a committed outsider with a scruffy look and a liberal agenda. Long ago he staked his claim as a reporter-provocateur well apart from the manicured journalistic mainstream."   So he's an obese slob because that's his  look,  you see. But how does that make him less phony than the manicured talking heads? They have their look. He has his.    All the more surprising, then, that the TV-news establishment, issuing free content around the clock, could be eclipsed by an independent film that costs good money to see, and, until just weeks ago, hadn't even landed a theatrical distributor.   So what does "Fahrenheit 9/11" give its audience that newscasts thus far don't?   For starters: the video footage of recuperating U.S. soldiers, Iraqi casualties, President Bush in that classroom paralyzed for seven minutes after learning of the terrorist attacks. This is video you have likely seen nowhere else, and you emerge from the theater wondering, "Why the heck not?"    U.S. soldiers have been missing overall from the big media coverage, as I and others have complained. But the wounded hardly have been hidden -- the  New York Times  did a big take-out on artificial limbs, for instance. So have real Iraqis been missing from coverage -- and there are far more live ones than dead ones. And the live ones still will tell you they're better off with Saddam gone, no matter the cost. But that's missing from "F9/11," too.  Bush in the classroom? What would you have done? What should he have done? Had he run out of there post-haste, I'm sure MM would have filled that spot in his screed with images of Bush leaving terrified school kids in his wake, while his limo peels out like the General Lee as his handlers hustle him off to some top-secret bunker.   MM also pointedly avoids showing dead Americans in the 9/11 sequence. I've heard that his presentation of that event is tasteful and artistic. But it also layers a level of abstraction into it, unlike the graphic and gory footage he cherry-picks Iraq.   And of course he won't show you the hundreds and thousands of success stories from the Iraq liberation -- the people rebuilding their nation, with or without American help, the exploration of new freedoms. Not only is it missing from "F9/11," it's absent from Frazier Moore's fawning apotheosis of the film into "news."    "Fahrenheit 9/11," which won the top prize at the Cannes Film Festival in May, tackles grand themes with humor, fury and naked partisanship that insists upon a response from the viewer.   And it provides a bracing alternative to the claims for objectivity that reign at TV news outlets (including, naturally, the "fair-and-balanced"-boasting Fox News Channel, whose lack of objectivity is probably its greatest asset). These Big Media news providers have served as Bush administration facilitators ever since his disputed election, declares Moore, a little guy whose message is unmistakably his own.    The slap at Fox News is predictable, for someone who's taken the "F9/11" bait, because Fox News seems to be a main target in that film. Yet a September 2003 academic study, "A Measure of Media Bias," by professors from UCLA, Stanford University, and University of Chicago, used a statistical measure to survey the degree of political leaning in the major media. It found that, "[a]ll of the news outlets except Fox News’ Special Report" leaned well to the left. Fox News’ Special Report, by one of the two measures used in the survey, was "the most centrist" in terms of news coverage (not opinion).   The AP story then goes on to wilder and wilder paeans of MM, "a known quantity, a media force who charts his own path." In fact, he's portrayed as the steady hand at the tiller of a media that has been swallowed up by corporate interests. Gee I guess that explains the NBC News fiasco with the exploding gas tanks. They were serving corporate interests.   As usual, AP puts Web site references at the end of its stories. But in this case there's only one: Moore's Web site.   
     
    


	 
      Pardon the extensiveness of this quote. It's impossible to snip, or encapsulize. And you might have missed it since it was at the tail of a  urlLink  'Bleat' from late last month,   which you might have stopped reading during his deconstruction of David Mamet or the Marx Brothers'  "The Big Store."  But read on and enjoy:   A minor political note, if you’re interested in such things. The other day a young girl came to the door to solicit my support for her presidential candidate. I asked her why I should vote for this man. She was very nice and earnest, but if you got her off the talking points she was utterly unprepared to argue anything, because she didn’t know what she was talking about. She had bullet points, and she believed that any reasonable person would see the importance of these issues and naturally fall in line. But she could not support any of her assertions. Her final selling point: Kerry would roll back the tax cuts.   Then came the Parable of the Stairs, of course. My tiresome, shopworn, oft-told tale, a piece of unsupportable meaningless anecdotal drivel about how I turned my tax cut into a nice staircase that replaced a crumbling eyesore, hired a few people and injected money far and wide - from the guys who demolished the old stairs, the guys who built the new one, the family firm that sold the stone, the other firm that rented the Bobcats, the entrepreneur who fabricated the railings in his garage, and the guy who did the landscaping. Also the company that sold him the plants. And the light fixtures. It’s called economic activity. What’s more, home improvements added to the value of this pile, which mean that my assessment would increase, bumping up my property taxes. To say nothing of the general beautification of the neighborhood. Next year, if my taxes didn’t shoot up, I had another project planned. Raise my taxes, and it won’t happen –- I won’t hire anyone, and they won’t hire anyone, rent anything, buy anything. You see?   “Well, it’s a philosophical difference,” she sniffed. She had pegged me as a form of life last seen clilcking the leash off a dog at Abu Ghraib. “I think the money should have gone straight to those people instead of trickling down.” Those last two words were said with an edge.   “But then I wouldn’t have hired them,” I said. “I wouldn’t have new steps. And they wouldn’t have done anything to get the money.”  “Well, what did  you  do?” she snapped.   “What do you mean?”  “Why should the government have given you the money in the first place?”  “They didn’t give it to me. They just took less of my money.”  That was the last straw. Now she was angry. And the truth came out:  “Well, why is it  your  money? I think it should be  their  money.”  Then she left.    And walked down the stairs.  I let her go without charging a toll. It’s the philanthropist in me.    
     
    


	 
      The Anti-Chomskyite has been  urlLink  delving into George Orwell   and finding echo after echo in the conflict in the World War II generation between liberal-left people who supported a war against a perceived evil and their pacifist peers who saw little differenct between Britain and Nazi Germany.  A poet (at least he's identified as such) by the name of D.S. Savage had written this, as part of a long letter:   Orwell dislikes the French intellectuals licking up Hitler's crumbs, but what's the difference between them and our intellectuals who are licking up Churchill's? ... I can only speak for myself, of course, but surely the "defence of democracy" is best served by defending one's own concrete liberties, not by equating democracy with Britain, and allowing all democracy to be destroyed in order that we may fight better - for "Britain"; and Orwell should not need to be told what, or who, "Britain" now is.   Sound familiar? Anti-Chomskyite thinks so. I agree.  And this, from Orwell's reply, is a gem:   Pacifism is objectively pro-Fascist. This is elementary common sense. If you hamper the war effort of one side you automatically help that of the other. Nor is there any real way of remaining outside such a war as the present one. In practice, "he that is not with me is against me." The idea that you can somehow remain aloof from and superior to the struggle, while living on food which British sailors have to risk their lives to bring you, is a bourgeois illusion bred of money and security. ... In so far as it takes effect at all, pacifist propaganda can only be effective against those countries where a certain amount of freedom of speech is still permitted; in other words it is helpful to totalitarianism.    
     
    


	 
      Lord Frederick Butler's report, or, properly,  urlLink  "Review of Intelligence on Weapons of Mass Destruction,"   is out today.  Here's the key section on the Niger uranium (as previewed below):   45. From our examination of the intelligence and other material on Iraqi attempts to buy uranium from Africa, we have concluded that:  a. It is accepted by all parties that Iraqi officials visited Niger in 1999.  b. The British Government had intelligence from several different sources indicating that this visit was for the purpose of acquiring uranium. Since uranium constitutes almost three-quarters of Niger’s exports, the intelligence was credible.  c. The evidence was not conclusive that Iraq actually purchased, as opposed to having sought, uranium and the British Government did not claim this.  d. The forged documents were not available to the British Government at the time its assessment was made, and so the fact of the forgery does not undermine it. (Paragraph 503)   This addresses the claim Bush made in the '03 State of the Union address, which has been continually derided by the anti-war crowd. And now the basis of that derision has collapsed, along with the reputation of retired ambassador Joseph C. Wilson IV, who had investigated the Niger claims on behalf of the U.S. (shabbily, as it turns out) and all but said Bush lied in the State of the Union address. And there's hardly a word about that in the media I'm reading, which seems to have blown right past this in its bid to get at the bad news.  For instance, this aspect of the story rates a one-paragraph entry about halfway down AP's  Britain-Iraq Intelligence  article today. It also has a one-line mention in the AP sidebar,  Key points in Lord Butler's report on Iraq intelligence.  I'd rate it higher, but at least that's better than AP's rivals did with it.  There is no mention of Niger at all in the current version of the New York Times budget  BRITAIN-IRAQ-NYT  story. There is no mention of Niger in the Reuters version of the story now available online. There is no mention of Niger in the AFP English-language version of the story, available online. It is absent, too, from Knight-Ridder's main story today ( British data on Iraq flawed, not misused, report finds ) and its sidebar ( Main findings of report examining Britain's Iraq intelligence ). It's not in the Cox News Service story, either.  To some extent,  urlLink  as Hitchens points out,   this is the administration's fault. And he, too, notices the curious sudden embrace of the CIA by old-school leftists who have railed against it since the 1950s.   To say this is not to defend the Bush administration, which typically managed to flourish the only allegation made about Niger that had been faked, and which did not have the courage to confront Mr. and Mrs. Wilson in public with their covert political agenda. But it does draw attention to an interesting aspect of this whole debate: the increasing solidarity of the left with the CIA. The agency disliked Ahmad Chalabi and was institutionally committed to the view that the Saddam regime in Iraq was a) secular and b) rationally interested in self-preservation. It repeatedly overlooked important evidence to the contrary, even as it failed entirely to infiltrate jihadist groups or to act upon FBI field reports about their activity within our borders. Bob Woodward has a marvelous encapsulating anecdote in his recent book: George Tenet on Sept. 11 saying that he sure hopes this isn't anything to do with those people acting suspiciously in the flight schools. ... The case for closing the CIA and starting again has been overwhelming for some time. But many liberals lately prefer, for reasons of opportunism, to take CIA evidence at face value.   Other points worth noting in the Butler report:  British intelligence found evidence of contacts, but not cooperation, between Saddam and al-Qaida.   Reporting since [February] suggests that senior Al Qaida associate Abu Musab alZarqawi has established sleeper cells in Baghdad, to be activated during a US occupation of the city. These cells apparently intend to attack US targets using car bombs and other weapons. (It is also possible that they have received CB materials from terrorists in the KAZ.) Al Qaida-associated terrorists continued to arrive in Baghdad in early March [2003].    Also, the report's conclusion that it was unlikely Saddam had sizeable stockpiles of WMD is getting a lot of press today. But Butler also concluded that the Iraq regime:    a. Had the strategic intention of resuming the pursuit of prohibited weapons programmes, including if possible its nuclear weapons programme, when United Nations inspection regimes were relaxed and sanctions were eroded or lifted.  b. In support of that goal, was carrying out illicit research and development, and procurement, activities, to seek to sustain its indigenous capabilities.  c. Was developing ballistic missiles with a range longer than permitted under relevant United Nations Security Council resolutions; but did not have significant -- if any -- stocks of chemical or biological weapons in a state fit for deployment, or developed plans for using them. (Paragraph 474).   As former President Bill Clinton (who is in London promoting his book) said Wednesday on BBC radio, "You can second-guess Blair if you like. But at the time, nearly everybody thought there was probably a stock of chemical and biological weapons there and that it was vulnerable to falling into the wrong hands."  And, in an  obiter dictum,  Lord Butler puts another nail in the "blood for oil" meme:   It has frequently been alleged that the real motivation behind the decision to go to war in Iraq was a desire to control Iraq’s oil supplies. This issue does not fall within our terms of reference and we did not take evidence specifically on it. We did, however, review JIC assessments on the security of oil supplies issued in the period 2000-2003, in which such a motivation did not feature. We also think it improbable that such an objective or motivation, if it existed, would not have been apparent in the large volume and wide range of policy and intelligence papers that we examined. We saw no evidence that a motive of the British Government for initiating military action was securing continuing access to oil supplies. [p.579]   
     
    


	 
      "Bias" isn't quite the right word, but it's the one people recognize. Usually it's a collective worldview that is blind and deaf to some things and hypersensitive to others. But sometimes it does amount to a bias, and in an election year featuring a divisive war, that's the case. Of course, my saying that makes me an object of selective ridicule in my newsroom. What does it mean when one of the top editors of one of the top mainstream news magazines says it?     MR. THOMAS: There's one other base here, the media. Let's talk a little media bias here. The media, I think, wants Kerry to win and I think they're going to portray Kerry and Edwards I'm talking about the establishment media, not Fox. They're going to portray Kerry and Edwards as being young and dynamic and optimistic and there's going to be this glow about them, collective glow, the two of them, that's going to be worth maybe 15 points.     Evan Thomas, the Assistant Managing Editor of Newsweek, on "Inside Washington" over the weekend 
     
    


	 
      In  urlLink  Neo-conservatism and the American future,   Stefan Halper and Jonathan Clarke define what they claim as the core beliefs of neo-conservatives.  According to the site where this article is published ("Open Democracy"), Halper "is a former senior official in the Nixon, Ford and Reagan administrations." And Clarke "is a foreign affairs scholar at the Cato Institute." These CVs suggest that both men come from "old school" conservative perspectives, which means their critique ought to be worth reading. I expect some logic and insight from that side of the political spectrum.  Classical conservatives in the U.S. often accuse neo-cons of being crypto-liberals. I support the Iraq war, but I find myself socially aligned more often with the Democrats, which makes me wonder if I'm a neo-con. So let's see how I stack up against Halper and Clarke. They say,   The three chief tenets of neo-conservative ideology are:    the human condition is a choice between good and evil, and the true measure of political character is to be found in the willingness by the former (themselves) to confront the latter    the fundamental determinant of the relationship between states rests on military power and the willingness to use it    the Middle East and global Islam is the prime theatre for American overseas interests.     Wait a minute, wait a minute. One parenthetical word ("themselves") in the very first tenet converts the whole critique into a flying leap at the straw man.  The authors slip in that word like a poison pill. It damns the neo-cons with self-righteousness without requiring the writers to prove it or even honestly charge it. Certainly such an assumption is not inherent in the view of the human condition that is being stated here. The statement of the tenet describes "good and evil" as the environment in which humans move and choose; but the "themselves" re-defines these terms and identifies one of them with the political persons themselves.  One can vaildly approach life as a moral struggle to parse out the good from the evil -- however you conceive those terms -- without presuming you have any perfect ability to always disentangle the threads properly or completely, and certainly without identifying yourself with "good."  Yes, I think the goal of a political person is to encourage the good in the world and fight the evil. What's the alternative? But I don't think I  am  the good. But maybe I do, because I think that devoting yourself to good is, well, "good." If that's what the authors mean, then they've divided the world into "neo-cons" and "nihilists."  I agree with the second tenet. International relations are still driven by power and force or threat of force. I don't think that is the most desirable situation. But I think it's a realistic reading. International law ultimately still depends on the power of a few nations who are willing to enforce it (in certain cases). A more developed check on naked force is economics. An integrated global economy is the antidote to tribalism.  Number three? The phrase "the prime theatre for American overseas interests" is so fuzzy as to be incomprehensible, at least to me. The Middle Eadt and the Islamic world (not all of it, but important parts of it) happen to be the places we are at war -- the places from which we were attacked. For now, that means these places have got our attention, and rightly so. But I wonder if "got our attention" is what the authors meant. Until they make themselves clear, I can't say whether I agree with them or not.  North Korea is as grave a threat as the Islamists, China is the conflict that awaits us, and India is the ally we will need. But for the next 20 or 30 years, Islamist terror is going to be the threat we face, and we must fight it creatively as well as forcefully, diplomatically and resolutely.  Back to the article.   In making these tenets active, neo-conservatives:     see international issues in morally absolutist categories; they are convinced that they alone hold the moral high ground and argue that disagreement effectively offers comfort to the enemy   emphasise the unipolar nature of American power and are prepared to exercise the military option as the first rather than last policy choice; they repudiate the received “lessons of Vietnam”, believing they undermine American willingness to use force - and rather embrace the “lessons of Munich,” believing they establish the virtues of pre-emptive military action   disdain conventional diplomatic agencies such as the state department and country-specific, pragmatic analysis because they dilute and confuse the ideological clarity of their policies   eschew multilateral institutions and treaties while drawing comfort from international criticism, believing that it confirms American virtue."     That's nuts. Not only do the authors make no connection between the "core tenets" and their activation (how does A cause B?), they show no examples of their opponents' supposed conviction that, to take just the first example, "they alone hold the moral high ground and argue that disagreement effectively offers comfort to the enemy."  Frankly, this is the kind of nonsense I expect from the left. Cato Institute or Kato Kaelin?  The U.S. goes to war in Iraq to overthrow a dictator, knowing full well that, in spite of the best efforts we can make, innocent civilians will die as a result of our war. To the anti-war mind, that de-legitimatizes the war as a moral force.  But we also know that Saddam and his sons are busy killing Iraqis in the most horrible ways, and that he is very interested in killing Americans if he gets the chance. So the realistic view notices that there is suffering and dying going on in Iraq. It says we can't claim our hands are unbloodied simply because we sit comfortably at home and do nothing to stop it -- rather the opposite.  This seems to me a complex decision, not a simplistic moral dichotomy. Rather, I'd characterize the anti-war position as a simplistic moral dichotomy.  And certainly many kinds of anti-war resistance do aid and comfort the enemy. The North Vietnamese have told us so. But if I am the moral absolutist this article would make me out to be, why do I not want these voices shut down and silenced -- thrown in jail and muzzled, a la Lincoln in 1862? Because my moral certainties include the belief that liberal democracy -- including freedom to make stupid protests -- is "good." It's certainly better than the Islamist alternative of fatwas on fiction writers.  At this point I'm still wondering if I'm a neo-con or not, but I've realized this article isn't going to be any help at all.
     
    


	 
       Reconstruction in Iraq moves forward, despite a slow start   By Ken Dilanian Knight Ridder Newspapers  BAGHDAD, Iraq — It's not every day that a group of poor, uneducated Iraqis breaks into cheers for a high-ranking American official. That's what happened Tuesday when the U.S. reconstruction chief strode up to hundreds of workers who'd been hired to help dig Iraq's first environmentally sound landfill, in southwest Baghdad.  It was a welcome change for retired Adm. David Nash, who heads the newly renamed Projects and Contracting Office, which has been the subject of fierce criticism lately for the slow pace and missed goals of the Iraq reconstruction effort.  His office oversees the $18.4 billion that Congress earmarked last fall to help Iraq rebuild its decrepit infrastructure. Two recent government reports showed that the reconstruction is badly behind schedule, in part because insurgents have successfully derailed it through violence and sabotage.  ...  Nash acknowledged a slow start, but said the reality was better than those numbers suggested. His office said Tuesday that 1,439 of 2,300 projects were under way, and more than $6 billion was "obligated" to pay for them. Nash said 30,000 to 60,000 Iraqis were working on those projects on any given day. And he said the numbers were climbing steadily.  The $22 million landfill project, which began five days ago and is employing 1,900 Iraqis, is an example of that, he said.  "It's taken us a while to get it going, but it's going now," he said, standing at the dusty landfill site in a black blazer and tie. "Obviously (insurgent violence) is a concern and it has an effect on us, but we're continuing to work, as we had even through the April time frame. A lot of the Iraqis didn't show up for work during that time frame, but they are now, and we're continuing to work."  Other projects are designed to improve electricity, water treatment, hospitals, the oil industry, public buildings, transportation infrastructure and security installations.  ...  When the construction firm FluorAMEC won the contract, it envisioned using heavy equipment to dig and clear rubble. But soldiers from the U.S. Army's 1st Cavalry Division, which polices Baghdad, suggested that the project be restructured to employ as many Iraqis with shovels as possible, said Col. Steve Lanza of New York, who commands the division's 5th Brigade.  "It's a jobs program, and it's also a force protection measure, because the local community has a stake in the project," he said. "We had 5,000 people show up to apply." The project pays the Iraqi workers 8,000 dinars — $5.33 — per day, a typical day laborer's wage. Lanza asked the local U.S.-appointed neighborhood advisory councils to provide the workers as a way of increasing their stature, he said, and he had a respected sheik coordinate the Iraqi work force at the job site. 
     
    


	 
       Re-election poll of Afghans finds optimism   BY GEORGE EDMONSON Cox News Service  WASHINGTON — Almost two-thirds of the Afghans responding to an opinion poll said they rarely or never worry about their personal safety, and about half rated security in their areas as excellent or good.  The data were gathered to assist in voter education as the United Nations and other groups register Afghans to vote ahead of the country's October presidential election.  The feelings of Afghans toward the United States, which led the 2001 invasion to depose the extreme Islamic Taliban regime after the Sept. 11 terror attacks, were positive in most areas of the country. Nationally, 65 percent expressed favorable views, while the poll found a plurality reported unfavorable opinions in the south and northwest.  About 18,000 U.S. troops are currently in Afghanistan hunting militants and assisting in the country's reconstruction and election preparations.  Results from the poll conducted earlier this year were released Tuesday. The survey was commissioned by the Asia Foundation, a non-partisan think tank, and prepared by Charney Research.  The performance of Afghan president Hamid Karzai, the leading candidate in the October election, was rated good or excellent by 62 percent of the respondents.  Those discontented with the current transitional government want more aid and assistance, not a return to the past, said Craig Charney, who went twice to Afghanistan and coauthored the report on the results. The United Nations was viewed positively by 84 percent of the respondents.  "What they do not say is, 'We want the foreigners out and the Taliban back.' In short, what the Taliban is offering — namely the return to the Middle Ages — is the opposite of what the discontented want. They want more modernity, they want more development," Charney said.  The overall unfavorable view of the Taliban was 75 percent in the poll.  ...  Officials have reported growing momentum in voter registration, including many women who often face discrimination for such participation.  ...  The poll was conducted between Feb. 22 and March 13 with interviews of 804 randomly selected adults. The margin of sampling error for the national results was plus or minus 3.5 percentage points.  
     
    


	 
      Growing up in the inner suburbs of Philadelphia I didn't meet real cherries often.  A jar of syrupy maraschinos stood in the door of the fridge for dad's highballs, and in the Acme you could buy Frank's Black Cherry Wishniak soda.  I must have had real cherries, but the first taste of them I remember was while moping through Europe as a teen-ager. In an open-air market in a Swiss town called St. Gallen, a pile of black and red cherries tempted me. In my purchase I mistook ""kilo'' as roughly the same as ""pound,'' and walked off with vastly more than I could eat, too embarrassed to admit my American ignorance.  I shared them with everyone on the bus, and we all had red tongues. I was with a girl, too, and I remember how clever her fingers looked picking the cherries from my hands.  You can get a cherry any day of the year, out of a can or at some grocery store. But in Lancaster I do weekly shopping with my son at Central Market. The world beyond the grocery stores still moves in cycles and seasons.  For a book I once wrote I spent a lot of time feeling how life was in the early 1800s. Take away the false colors everywhere _ in cars, clothing, billboards and magazines. Then feel how spring comes on, after five months of solid dun and gray, with a riot of flower-hues and green grass. It could bring tears to you.  Just so, fruits come and go in the market stands with a satisfying affirmation of loss and return. Strawberries arrive in June, like puppy love, perfect a day and soon spoiled. In July, the cherries come, mature and supple in your mouth.  Most are Bing cherries, named for a Chinese workman on an Oregon farm in the old West. They're tart and sweet by turns, and as the month goes you remember how differently the dark ones taste than the bright reds. The harvest peaks in the third week; it's the week I was born. 
     
    


	 
      "The settlement ... was founded by the Dutch, who called it New Netherland, but half of its residents were from elsewhere. Its capital was a tiny collection of rough buildings perched on the edge of a limitless wilderness, but its muddy lanes and waterfront were prowled by a Babel of peoples -- Norwegians, Germans, Italians, Jews, Africans (slaves and free), Walloons, Bohemians, Munsees, Montauks, Mohawks, and many others -- all living on the rim of empire, struggling to find a way of being together, searching for a balance between chaos and order, liberty and oppression. Pirates, prostitutes, smugglers, and business sharks held sway in it. It was  Manhattan,  in other words, right from the start: a place unlike any other, either in the North American colonies or anywhere else.  Because of its geography, its population, and the fact that it was under the control of the Dutch (even then its parent city, Amsterdam, was the most liberal in Europe), this island city would become the first multiethnic, upwardly mobile society on America's shores, a prototype of the kind of society that would be duplicated throughout the country and around the world. It was no coincidence that on September 11, 2001, those who wished to make a symbolic attack on the center of American power chose the World Trade Center as their target. If what made America great was its ingenious openness to different cultures, then the small triangle of land at the southern tip of Manhattan Island is the New World birthplace of that idea, the spot where it first took shape. Many people -- whether they live in the heartland or on Fifth Avenue -- like to think of New York City as so wild and extreme in its cultural fusion that it's an anomaly in the United States, almost a foreign entity. This book offers an alternative view: that beneath the level of myth and politics and high ideals, down where real people live and interact, Manhattan is where America began."  [Russell Shorto, Prologue to  The Island at the Center of the World ]
     
    


	 
      If you want to follow the genocide in Darfur -- and by all means it is worth following --  urlLink  this site   is an excellent one.  And if you wonder why  urlLink  France is opposed to the U.S. plan for international sanctions   against Sudan over this mass murder, it goes deeper than the usual Gallic sneer at anything that stinks of America. It goes deep enough to strike oil, in fact.  Check out the extent of the French oil concessions (FinaELF) in Darfur on  urlLink  this map   if you don't believe me.   Arab militias are conducting a brutal "ethnic cleansing" against non-Arabs, mostly blacks. A million people have fled their homes and at least 10,000 have been killed in what the UN calls "the world's worst humanitarian crisis." To its credit, the Bush administration is keeping up the heat on Sudan.  But France stands in the way. Seemingly it never met a petroleum-rich murderous dictatorship it didn't like. What's French for "blood for oil"? 
     
    


	 
      The New York Times today has a piece titled  urlLink  The Talkative Terrorist on Tape: Madrid Plot 'Was My Project.'   As the title makes clear, the portrait of Rabei Osman Sayed Ahmed, a.k.a. "Muhammad the Egyptian," makes him out to be a loquacious, almost affable fellow. This despite the fact that the Times calls the al Qaeda member "the mastermind of the March 11 train bombings in Madrid" which killed 190 people.  The story was put together from "[d]ozens of pages of transcripts obtained by The New York Times" from Italian authorites who had been monitoring Ahmed's conversations. These wiretaps have been ruled admissible in court.  And so the article goes on and on about Ahmed's method of blending in to the population in European countries, the advice he gave to suicide bombers and his photography skills in taking the pictures that will be sent home to their families after their deaths. It describes the politicking between Italian and Spanish police over his detainment and the distribution of the evidence.  At the end of the 31st graph, long after most readers will have stopped reading and after most newspapers that pick the story up will have trimmed it, comes this Ahmed quote: "This [Madrid] plan cost me a lot of study and patience. It took me two and a half years."  And then on into more story. But stop for a second and do the math: March 11, 2004, minus two years (the low-end time estimate he gave) is March 2002. That means the "plan" to commit mass murder in Madrid began long before the Coalition, including Spain, came together to invade Iraq and overthrow Saddam.  Yet we are told, and the media continues to tell us, and many people continue to believe, that the only reason Spain was targeted was because of its cooperation in the Iraq war.  The article earlier mentions that Ahmed was in Madrid in 2001 and 2002, befriending "a group of radical Muslims, some of whom were involved in the March 11 bombings and were killed in a suicide operation while trying to escape the police." Yet the reporters don't even bother to point out that this upsets the accepted view of things, which is that Spain was punished solely for helping America.  It is possible, of course, that the plan was laid, but not activated, until the Iraq war. Certainly the intent was to punish the Spanish and sway their election. But the fact is, the terrorists had wired up Madrid for a blast long before they found their excuse to hit the button.
     
    


	 
      My newspaper, which has access to both AP and New York Times news wires, ran the AP version of the Senate Intelligence Committee report story Saturday morning on page A1 above the fold, with the headline  "Report: CIA analysis was false" .  It's chock full of quotes, mostly from thundering Democratic politicians, and has the adjectives "scathing," "false," and "unfounded" in the lede. It goes on at length about the debate over whether there was Bush administration "pressure" to "overplay the Iraq threat."  On the same day, inside and alongside the jump from the Intelligence Committee report story, we ran  "Blair braces for potentially damaging report on Iraqi intelligence" . This is the AP story about the inquiry into the British intelligence on Iraq, which is to be released Wednesday. The article focuses almost entirely on the "45-minute" claim.  Curiously, it says nothing about Bush's supposedly discredited claim that Saddam tried to buy uranium from Niger. This, of course, is one of the main pillars of the "Bush lied" meme. The Democratic National Committee even issued a press releases about it, titled "President Bush Deceives The American People." The spat made an anti-war hero of Joseph C. Wilson IV, the man the CIA sent to Africa to investigate the uranium claim.  What is even more odd about the absence of this item from the coverage of Lord Butler's report on British intelligence is that, because when Bush made the claim, he credited it to British intelligence:   "The British government has learned that Saddam Hussein recently sought significant quantities of uranium from Africa."   In fact, in the local newspapers this weekend, I found mention of it only in the afternoon paper (the one I don't work for), which on Friday ran an earlier edition of the same AP story on the Intelligence Committee, under the same byline (Katherine Pfleger Shrader). In the fifth paragraph it mentions the uranium: "It [the Senate Intelligence Committee report] faulted Tenet for not personally reviewing Bush's 2003 State of the Union address, which contained since-discredited references to Iraq's attempts to purchase uranium in Africa."  So, if you were getting your news from the Lancaster, Pennsylvania, newspapers, you'd never know that the Niger-uranium claim has in fact been  given a substantial credibility boost,  and that it comes in  both the Senate committee report  and in  Lord Butler's report on British intelligence.   According to the Senate report, Wilson's trip to Africa did not "discredit" the story that Iraq was shopping for uranium in Niger -- it strengthened it, because Wilson reported that an Iraqi delegation had traveled to Niger in 1999 and that Niger officials believed that they were interested in buying uranium.  Lord Butler's report is a mixed bag of praise and censure for the Blair government. But among its conclusions -- and this has been percolating in the British papers since well before Thursday, when the AP began writing its stories -- it says the statements about Iraq and Niger are justified and supported by the intelligence.  You might know about this development, however, if you read blogs like Instapundit and LGF. Or if you follow the work of  urlLink  Mark Steyn;     The fact is almost every European intelligence service reckoned Saddam was trying to buy uranium in Africa. The only folks who didn't think so were the CIA.  Let's weigh their comparative interest in the story. The Financial Times revealed last week that one continental intelligence agency had had a uranium-smuggling operation involving Iraq under surveillance for three years. In return, the only primary investigation initiated by the most powerful nation on the face of the Earth was to send a narcissistic kook from a Saudi-funded think-tank on vacation for a week to sip mint tea with government stooges. He didn't even bother filing a written report, and the ''Bush spurned my advice!'' column he wrote for the Times reads like a bad travelogue: ''Through the haze, I could see camel caravans crossing the Niger river.'' After that, the great narcissist somehow managed to make himself the center of the story -- But hey, enough about Saddam's nuclear ambitions; let's talk about me.  A few weeks before 9/11, Reuel Marc Gerecht wrote a timely piece in the Atlantic Monthly on the woeful state of U.S. counter-terrorism intelligence in a CIA neutered by politically correct bureaucracy. Among Gerecht's many memorable quotes was this line from a young CIA man reflecting on an agency grown used to desk-bound life in Virginia: ''Operations that include diarrhea as a way of life don't happen.'' That's Niger in a nutshell: Diarrhea Central. Who'd want to be stationed there when they could be back at Langley monitoring the world's e-mail in an air-conditioned office?  But Niger is a 99.5 percent Sunni Muslim country with the world's second highest birth rate and a load of uranium. It's exactly the sort of place an intelligence agency in the war on terror ought to be keeping an eye on. And that doesn't mean sending Mint Tea Boy to write it up for the travel section.   ...  Bush didn't LIE!!!! He was right, and the CIA were wrong. That doesn't mean they LIED!!!! either. Intelligence is never 100 percent. You make a judgment, and in this instance the judgments of the British and Europeans were right, and the judgment of the principal intelligence agency of the world's hyperpower was wrong. That should be a cause of great concern -- for all Americans.  National security shouldn't be a Republican/Democrat thing. But it's become one because, for too many Americans, when it's a choice between Bush and anybody else, they'll take anybody else. So, in "Fahrenheit 9/11," if it's a choice between Bush and Saddam, Michael Moore comes down on the side of the genocidal whacko and shows us lyrical slo-mo shots of kiddies flying kites in a Baathist utopia. In the Afghan war, if it's a choice between Bush and the women-enslaving gay-executing Taliban, Susan Sarandon and Co. side with the Taliban. And in the most exquisite reductio of this now universal rule, if it's a choice between Bush and the CIA, the left sides with the CIA.    Which I've noticed, too, of course. The resident ultra-left in the newsroom, one of whom actually went to Central America in the Reagan era (props for that) and worked with the people, is now defending the CIA. It seems to shock even him to hear his voice say these things. He explains the spies are a necessary force for the protection of America, and the poor put-upon CIA ought to be protected from the evil menace that is the constitutional presidency. (OK, that's my interpretation).  The anti-war movement's focus on WMD is highly self-serving. By focusing on the absence -- so far -- of the discovery of a large cache of them, and on the intelligence gaffes, makes the war opponents seem as if they were right all along.  But this disguises the fact that, before the war began, many if not most of them believed it, too. That is, opponents of the war, both in the U.S. and abroad, didn't oppose it because they thought there were no WMD in Iraq. Sometimes they opposed war exactly because they were afraid of what Saddam and his WMD might do. But, as Michael Moore says, Americans are the stupidest people in the world, so apparently his side is counting on all of us to forget what they all said a year and a half ago.  As for those of us who supported it, I don't know any who did so  solely  based on the presence of huge stocks of WMD. It was always presented as a guess (with more or less confidence), but for me that was only part of a multi-level decision that the invasion was the right thing to do, for both Iraqis and Americans and everyone else in the world except fascist dictators and Islamist terrorists.  Meanwhile,  urlLink  Winds of Change   dresses down Joe Wilson -- and this is one of the kinder cuts I've read -- thusly:   Joe Wilson is a liar and not a particularly good one at that. As the report, starting on p. 39 and going through p. 47 very carefully explains, the claims that Wilson during his media blitz and subsequent canonization as a representative of all that is righteous and pure within anti-war circles were every bit as misleading if not factually inaccurate as anything that one may charge that the administration had done. Even more so, I would argue, if only for the fact that he was making claims about a number of issues, for example the forged documents referring to Niger, of which he had no actual knowledge - a very polite way of saying that the man was blowing smoke out his ass.   
     
    


	 
      Lest we forget, amid all those newsmagazine photos of Moore draped in, or carrying, the flag,  urlLink  Victor Davis Hanson   collects the short list from the big man's big mouth:   At a time of war, he scoffs at 9-11 as if the wrong Americans were dying:  If someone did this [9/11] to get back at Bush, then they did so by killing thousands of people who DID NOT VOTE for him!   He praises our enemies who are beheading innocents in Iraq:  The Iraqis who have risen up against the occupation are not "insurgents" or "terrorists" or "The Enemy." They are the REVOLUTION, the Minutemen, and their numbers will grow -- and they will win. Get it, Mr. Bush?   He shows contempt for our dead who fought and died for the right of Iraqis to vote:  "I'm sorry, but the majority of Americans supported this war once it began and, sadly, that majority must now sacrifice their children until enough blood has been let that maybe - just maybe - God and the Iraqi people will forgive us in the end."   He slurs civilian workers like Nick Berg and Paul Johnson who were trying to help rebuild Iraq:  "Those are not contractors in Iraq. They are not there to fix a roof or to pour concrete in a driveway. They are MERCENARIES and SOLDIERS OF FORTUNE."   He has contempt for Americans outside his circle of sycophants:  "They are possibly the dumbest people on the planet ... We Americans suffer from an enforced ignorance. We don't know about anything that's happening outside our country. Our stupidity is embarrassing."    
     
    


	 
      I probably should not write this. I will only write it once. But it has been nagging me for two months now. I hope I'm wrong -- I pray I'm wrong. But I think we muffed the Iraq campaign of the War on Terror.  We lost it at the end of April, to be precise, in Fallujah. Our soldiers and Marines did wonderfully. Our political leaders failed us. All the good will we have, all the hard work of reconstruction our people are doing, even the rise of a democratic Iraq, won't make our enemies forget our leadership blinked that day. Whatever may come in Iraq, and I hope for the best, we have lost, and I predict history will mark Fallujah as the place of our defeat.  Probably most Americans already have forgotten. Since then we've had Abu Ghraib and the 9/11 commission and a thousand distractions. But that non-battle of Fallujah won't leave me. Remember? The mob slaughtered our citizens and mutilated their remains and strung them up from bridge trestles like meat. Our leaders vowed to go into that city and track down the killers and quell the insurgency.  The mess in Fallujah in April set a collision course between our two main goals in Iraq:  1.  convincing West-hating Islamic terrorists that we will defeat them and kill them without tiring, and  2.  convincing average Iraqis that it really is their country now, and setting them up in self-rule.  We ended up seeking a mixed solution. But more and more it becomes clear to me that the second goal was impossible without achieving the first. And we failed to accomplish the first goal at Fallujah, our best chance. Since then, things have only gotten worse.  By April 27, the Marines had the Battle of Fallujah half won. Individual Marines were writing home about it as a defining victory for their generation. They had an estimated 1,500 enemy hemmed in from the north and south, contained in the northeast corner of the city. This is an old-town warren of blind alleys and mosques. It could have been one big booby trap, like Jenin was for the Israelis. The USMC had begun handling it the correct way, with small probes that forced the enemy to react. When he showed, they killed. And over time, and attrition, they would have pinned the Islamist militias in a pocket, and then one big punch with overwhelming force would have ended it.  Three days later, in a surreal development, a defunct Republican Guard major general appeared, seemingly pulled from a hat, at the head of a newly formed Fallujah Protection Army. The USMC handed over control of Fallujah to him. The U.S. pulled back. Since then, the Sunni radicals and the Baathists have run Fallujah as a festering un-free free city within liberated Iraq. The clerics who have taken over Fallujah have installed a Taliban-style regime. Women who don't cover their hair and faces are beaten in the streets. Beauty parlors have been shut down. Men have been ordered to grow beards and barbers have been warned not to shave customers. Booze dealers have been flogged naked in the streets. Meanwhile, according to Chalabi, "the terrorists in Fallujah are enjoying themselves, sending one car bomb after another."  Better to have beat them down right there, where they chose to make their stand, with the cameras running and the world watching. Undoubtedly the jihadis would have fought suicidally, and taken many civilians with them. We backed off in part because of the bad PR that goes with killing people. Guess what? I'm willing to wager, based on history, that more people will die because we didn't finish that fight than would have died if we did. If the motive was to minimize death and mayhem, peace at any price was the wrong choice.  War is horrible. Like many horrible things, if it is to be done, it is best done as swiftly and firmly as possible. Do it with conviction, or don't do it. Else you simply drag and compound the horror.  For some people the horror of even the most careful war will simply be intolerable.  Very well. For others, anything done by a capitalist nation-state will send them tumbling out of their air-conditioned dorms into the streets with "no blood for oil" signs.  The mewling and cries of "atrocity" began even before the battle. Had we pursued victory into the city, the howl would have grown deafening. But a real leadership would have understood the stakes. The anti-war howlers think we're just a pack of oil-addicted baby-killers and torturers, or "crusader" dupes of the Jews. They thought so before, they think so now. Holding back our hand, as we did in Fallujah, certainly won us no friends.  The last editorial I wrote for my newspaper was in April, as the Fallujah battle gathered. "Start-and-stop drives against the insurgents in Fallujah and al-Sadr's brigades suggest our leaders have failed to learn the bitter lesson of '91," it said. "Our forbearance in such situations only is interpreted as weakness by the enemy. ... War is a brutal, bloody, destructive business. People who understand that -- Sherman, Patton -- are not men you would want for your secretaries of state in peacetime. But they succeed at war. Victory first; unconditional victory. Then mercy."  They never ran it. I never have been asked to write another. My newspaper's editors are relentlessly against Bush and "his" war. Michael Moore and Noam Chomsky are heroes here. In the newsroom that week, we had many stories to work on. But in the crucial places in the Middle East, all eyes were on Fallujah.   In the Middle East, as far back as Alexander, battles have been fought as much by bluff as by blood. They called our bluff, and we blinked. We began the battle, then we left it. Were we really serious about this Iraqi venture? We swept the Taliban from Kabul, we danced over Saddam's army, but the Islamists had reason to doubt our commitment. We blinked. And they know it.  Some of our leaders say it's better that Fallujah played out this way, because now it can be a rat-trap for the insurgents, where we can watch them and isolate them. To an extent, that is true. But the other alternative would have been far better. No matter how we spin this, the jihadis call it a victory, and their recruits across the Islamic world proclaim it one. And they're essentially right. The most potent army in the world said it was going to go in there and kill them, but they're still standing.  Now they know they will just have to outwait us, to keep the heat on us, and eventually, though much more slowly, Iraq will be Mogadishu and Beirut. They know that, even after the slaughter of Sept. 11, we lack the will and patience for a long, real war on terror. They also know they do not lack these qualities.  Now comes the storm. If Fallujah represents the watershed moment in the Iraq war, and I'm afraid it does, then this  is  another Vietnam. And it will have not only the effect of drawing more recruits to the terrorists (now that we have revealed we aren't serious about exterminating them), but it also will have consequences for the next time U.S. men and women go into battle. They'll not only have to think ahead to their enemies, but look over their shoulders to see if the politicians aren't going to pull the rug out from under them when they're halfway to victory (or, worse, dead in a fight they thought was going to save America).  Furthermore, the suspicion of our enemies has been reinforced that Americans don't do urban battles. And this is an awful because that kind of fighting is not an aberration in modern warfare. It  is  modern warfare. The world is urbanized in a degree impossible to conceive 100 years ago. Tank battles like Kursk, open-field maneuver like Normandy, that's all as "ancient history" as Cannae.  After Vietnam, as bad as that was, the Western nuclear deterrent kept the Soviets back and gave us a decade to nurse the military and social hangover. We don't have that luxury with these enemies. The Islamists are at least holding their own against us so far in this war. And the breakdown of the international system of nuclear weapons containment (which began to crumble in the 1990s) is going to give our vicious enemies a serious equalizer in a few years. The West had better get its shit together, and I mean the French and the Germans and the American universities as well as us cowboys.  It may well be that, come November, all those "anybody but Bush" voters will wake up with big grins caked on their faces because their nemesis is gone. But guess what? "Bushie Boy" may go, but Jihadi boy will still be here, times ten thousand, and following our troops home. Then what are you going to do? Then it's your problem. Trotsky had the right line for these people: "You may not be interested in war, but war is very interested in you."  Do you think they'll let up on us if we have a president who speaks French and says nice things about the World Court? Do you think it matters to them that he wants to "consult with our allies?" They want to blow up our allies, too. The hell they unleashed on us three years ago was planned while amiable Bill Clinton was still in the White House, urging Israeli concessions and trying to give the Palestinians a real nation.  Yet still, today, our press and politicians are fixated with the parsing out the details of the decision to overthrow Saddam, more than a year ago. Let history debate that. The war's begun. It doesn't matter what was the right decision then, unless you have a time machine. The right decision now, is what matters.  But we've completely lost that. Domestically, the country is heading into 1968 again. The "baby-killer" shouts already have been heard by returning soldiers. As odious as I find Bush, I can't yet stand on the other side, so long as its pre-eminent message is crocodile tears over American loss and failure and death. I think we're going to see enough of that -- the real thing, not the manufactured version -- in years to come.  I need Kerry to do something -- anything -- to convince me he understands the seriousness of this situation better than the current incumbent does. I see nothing like that from him. In fact, I can't even see him at all, because right now there's a fat, stupid white man clotting up the election. Kerry is so devoid of a message that his campaign has been hijacked by a damned movie.  And, no, my practical pessimism is not the same thing as the media's, which is a far darker and more traitorious commodity -- infected with the Chomskyite poison that views any exercise of power by a capitalist nation-state as always evil and any resistance to it inherently good.  I will keep working for a free Iraq, in every way I can. I will give time and money, and lend my words and support to the good people in that country and the good people in my own who are working to set them on the path to freedom. I try to keep a generally positive even-keel attitude. This is a war, after all, and this is a democracy, after all, and everything is, at least in theory, a co-operative effort. Even if most of my fellow citizens persist in acting like it's a gladiator match in which the president does the work and we sit in the stands and point our thumbs. 
     
    


	 
      My timeline here might not be perfect, but I think this is essentially correct. It all started (as far as I can tell) with Peggy Noonan of the  Wall Street Journal  fretting over Bush's prospects in November and, like Alexander Fleming in the penicillin story, accidently discovering  urlLink  a useful fungus   -- useful, in this case, for the Kerry-Edwards ticket:   History has been too dramatic the past 3 1/2 years. It has been too exciting. Economic recession, 9/11, war, Afghanistan, Iraq, fighting with Europe. fighting with the U.N., boys going off to fight, Pat Tillman, beheadings. It has been so exciting. And my general sense of Americans is that we like things to be boring. Or rather we like history to be boring; we like our lives to be exciting. We like history to be like something Calvin Coolidge dreamed: dull, dull. dull. And then we complain about the dullness, and invent excitements that are the kind we really like: moon shots, spaceships, curing diseases. Big tax cuts that encourage big growth that creates lots of jobs for young people just out of school.  No, I am not suggesting all our recent excitement is Mr. Bush's fault. History handed him what it handed him. And no, I am not saying the decisions he took were wrong or right or some degree of either. I'm saying it's all for whatever reasons been more dramatic than Americans in general like history to be.  Here is my fear: that the American people, liking and respecting President Bush, and knowing he's a straight shooter with guts, will still feel a great temptation to turn to the boring and disingenuous John Kerry. He'll never do anything exciting. He doesn't have the guts to be exciting. And as he doesn't stand for anything, he won't have to take hard stands. He'll do things like go to France and talk French and they'll love it. He'll say he's the man who accompanied Teresa Heinz to Paris, only this time he'll say it in French and perfectly accented and they'll all go "ooh la la!"  The American people may come to feel that George W. Bush did the job history sent him to do. He handled 9/11, turned the economy around, went into Afghanistan, captured and removed Saddam Hussein. And now let's hire someone who'll just by his presence function as an emollient. A big greasy one but an emollient nonetheless.  I just have a feeling this sort of thing may have some impact this year. "A return to normalcy," with Mr. Kerry as the normal guy. 	   This is why blogs are better than big media. Noonan's tranchant observation meant nothing to other newspapers or to TV networks (who tend to studiedly ignore one another). But this piece led to Mickey Kaus, of Slate, who has said some of the shrewdest things about Kerry, coming out and  urlLink  admitting he's decided to vote for him.     I plan to vote for him because I think a) we need a break* from Bush's strident public global terror war in order to prevent it from becoming a damaging, lifelong West vs. Islam clash--in order to "rebrand" America and digest the hard-won gains we've made in Iraq and Afghanistan (if they even remain gains by next January). Plus, b) it would be nice to make some progress on national health care, even if it's only dialectical "try a solution and find out it doesn't work" progress. I could change my mind--if, for example, I thought Kerry would actually sell out an incipient Iraqi democracy in a fit of "realistic" Scowcroftian stability-seeking ....   Along the way, he also coined the perfect Kerry slogan:  "We survived Carter and we'd survive Kerry."  	 	 So Mark Steyn comes back with a piece that rallies people to the big picture:   So we're living through a period of extraordinarily rapid demographic and cultural change that broadly favors the Islamists' stated objectives, a period of rapid technological advance that greatly facilitates the Islamists' objectives, and a period of rapid nuclear dissemination that will add serious heft to the realization of their objectives. If the West – and I use the term in the widest sense to mean not just swaggering Texas cowboys but sensitive left-wing feminists in favor of gay marriage – is to survive, it will only be after a long struggle lasting many decades.   Now go back to watching Fahrenheit 9/11 and kid yourself that this will all go away if Bush, Cheney, and Rummy are thrown out this November.   But Jacob at  urlLink  The Volkh Conspiracy   also makes his case for voting for Kerry without at all rejecting what Bush has accomplished in the world.   It takes a different set of skills and virtues to break something than to build something. The war-on-terror argument for the war in Iraq was that the status quo in the Middle East needed to be broken. The Afghan state that was hopelessly entangled with al Qaeda had earlier needed to be broken. It might be that a Democratic President 2000-04 would not have done either. But reconstruction of both Iraq and Afghanistan is also crucial-- crucial for, as Paul Wolfowitz and others always said, beginning any kind of political-cultural shift that weakens Islamism and moves the Muslim and Arab worlds toward civil society and democracy. And the Bush Administration has not shown any ability to manage those reconstructions successfully. This is not a call to hide from the war on terror for four years and hope it goes away. It's a call to understand that overthrowing states is not the crucial skill oif the current phase of the war on terror; and that that's the only skill the Bush Administration has convincingly shown that it has.   To which  urlLink  Glenn Reynolds   notes:   I don't agree that the reconstruction of Iraq has been a failure -- but even if you buy this argument, the missing part of Levy's position, and Kaus's, is an affirmative demonstration that a Kerry administration would do the job better.Where's the evidence for that?  	 While Sullivan weighs in with:   This is my defense, I guess. I am passionately in favor of an aggressive war against the Islamo-fascists, but I'm open to debate about tactics and strategy. I certainly don't believe that a pro-war position means some kind of blind fealty to Bush-Cheney. And, of course, as a small government, balanced-budget, libertarian homo, Bush Republicanism is anathema in so many ways. But every time I listen to Kerry, I cannot help but feel that he is hopelessly out of touch with the threats we face and might make our budget problems worse with his healthcare proposal. So I am stuck between a president whose party now officially wants to purge itself of gays and a senator I cannot trust to fight the war we need. These are painful times indeed.    Participatory democracy in action. Watching real people think it through and make their choices in a tough election year. While, come October, our newspaper will run one editorial, saying, in effect, "vote for Kerry because we say so," and the other one will run one editorial saying "vote for Bush because we say so." 
     
    


	 
      The U.S. can invade Iraq, overthrow its dictator, and in time rebuild the country into a free, modern, secular nation living under the rule of law.  Those of us who assert this use Germany in World War II as a comparison. But is it the right one? Iraq today seems little like the Germany of 1945 -- a shattered nation that before its defeat had been tightly bonded by social organization and a strong nationalist tradition.  Instead, what I read and see from Iraq reminds me more of the Germany of 1815: Regionally fragmented, partially liberated from its native petty tyrants, with unresolved issues of religion and politics. It has a civil service in its infancy, systems still corrupt, and a growing middle class restive for rights and reforms. It's a nation vulnerable to neighboring powers, with citizens increasingly maddened by the clash of their foreign liberators' egalitarian rhetoric and the humiliating realities of occupation.  Americans, as we work to give Iraq to its people for the first time, would do well to look back, not to ourselves in 1945, but to the French of 200 years ago. There we can learn by example many mistakes to avoid, and at the same time we can take pleasure in learning them from our dear friends the French ruling class.  France in the Napoleonic era was not in the same superpower class as America today. It had achieved a sudden dominant position in the continental European power game, but still it could not fight all its enemies at once, or even certain combinations of them. Yet a brief description of the French experience in the Rhineland is bound to set off bells of recognition for a modern observer of the U.S. in Iraq.  The Grand Army poured into the German Rhineland in 1792, rolling up cities and individual states whose armies were no match for it. Prussia and Austria, the two regional powers that could have stopped the invasion, were preoccupied with carving up and digesting Poland, and made only half-hearted attempts to fight a two-front war. By 1797, the French conquest was complete.  Contemporary French accounts say they were welcomed as liberators by the Rhinelanders. The French made the Rhineland a laboratory for their experiment of exporting Enlightenment and French Revolutionary values. They rapidly transformed the political and social landscape of the conquered land. They suppressed the local nobility and abolished serfdom. They enacted universal male sufferage and installed elected governments. They secularized ecclesiastical principalities, reformed the legal system, spurred industrial development, and modernized the infrastructure.  "[T]he French rebuilt occupied Germany from its foundations, particularly the Rhineland," Steven Ozment writes in his excellent short history of Germany, "A Mighty Fortress" [2004, p.159]. "The Code Napoléon encouraged comparatively open societies with greater social equality and individual rights (peasants were emancipated throughout the Rhineland), free trade, and religious tolerance."  There was an element of pragmatism in the French project. Not all the old power-structures were overthrown; some were co-opted. Larger states, for instance, were consoled in their defeat by being permitted to absorb smaller neighbors.  The reforms even had a liberalizing effect on the Rhineland's neighbors -- France's rivals in central Europe -- especially Austria and Prussia. The leaders of those nations knew they could more readily mobilize their populations to resist the French if the freedom France offered were not so tempting, and if the people felt a greater stake in their homelands.  But the benefits of the French occupation were soon outweighed, in the minds of the occupied people, by its baleful aspects. And these were beyond anything the U.S. has done in Iraq or is likely ever to do there.  Unlike Iraq, the Rhineland found itself annexed outright to the nation that had delivered it. In many places, the French plundered outright, and overall they conscripted tens of thousands of Germans into the French army. International trade was restricted to focus on France's markets.  A powerful current in the Rhineland's turn against the French, according to Ozment, was "the personal treatment Germans received at the hands of the French ...." He writes that "the French army was its own worst enemy," and tells of "frequent contact with quartered French soldiers and high officials, who stood over Germans as lords and masters, disdaining native culture and religions," which had a corrosive effect on the locals' attitudes.   The U.S. army has been nowhere near as bad as the French were (that's not a claim of national superiority; the crudeness of the times and the desperateness of the French situation together can account for it). But even the best-mannered occupiers will become an annoyance at last.  Ozment also notes that the practical Germans were "historically ill-disposed to reforms that pursued impossible ideals and utopian goals."  Conscripted Germans made up one-third of the army of 700,000 that Napoleon led into Russia in 1812. When the remnant straggled back, defeated, the German states rose up against the French, and, joined by Napoleon's other enemies, they together broke his power at the Battle of Nations at Leipzig in 1813.  "For all their appeal to Germans, the Declaration of the Rights of Man and Citizen and the Code Napoléon were not the cure-all for what ailed Germany. If Germans were to make a great leap forward, more French instruction was not what they required. What was needed most after 1813 was the freedom to make that leap out of their own history and on their own feet." [p.161-2]
     
    


	 
       urlLink  Captain Ed   is among those in the blogosphere who are interested in learning more about the two suspected Iranian intelligence officers nabbed this week in Baghdad, armed with explosives and building car bombs. And now he's interested in why none of the big media, except Fox News, seems to agree that this is a major development in the Iraq story. To the point that they haven't printed a word of the story yet. AP moved a version, but downplayed it, and most of the big papers and networks seem to have passed on it.
     
    


	 
      Different Reuters stories over the past couple of weeks characterize the question of Saddam's banned weapons in significantly different phrases.  This story,  urlLink  CIA had few Iraqi sources before war - spy chief,   is dated Tuesday, June 22. The byline is Tabassum Zakaria, and the dateline is New York.     The Bush administration and U.S. intelligence agencies have been criticized for prewar allegations that Iraq had weapons of mass destruction. Although CIA Director George Tenet, who will resign next month, had assured U.S. President George W. Bush there was a convincing case,  no stockpiles of unconventional weapons have been found.      That may be the most accurate statement of the lot. In fact, banned, unconventional weapons have been found in Iraq, apparently from Saddam's arsenals. There have been no "stockpiles" unearthed to date, but as a search of the  urlLink  U.N. Security Council resolutions concerning Iraq   will show, the word "stockpiles" does not figure in any of them. The Bush administration talked about "stockpiles." But the legal justification of the war is based on failure to comply with the resolutions.  A week later, on Tuesday, June 29, Reuters, in an article titled  urlLink  Terror threat remains despite better security,   the characterization is somewhat different.    " No banned weapons have been found in Iraq  and government officials fear the report, expected next month, will make uncomfortable reading for Blair."    The dateline is London, the reporter is Mike Peacock, and now there are  no  banned weapons.  Likewise on Sunday, July 4, Reuters ran  urlLink  Spy chiefs face Iraq criticism  . The reporter was Kate Kelland, the dateline London. It contained this:    " No weapons of mass destruction have been found in Iraq  and the 45-minute claim has been discredited."     And that is palpably false. In May, a booby-trapped artillery shell filled with the sarin nerve agent exploded alongside a Baghdad roadoadside. Iraq Survey Group chief Charles Duelfer told Brit Hume in an interview that as many as a dozen WMD-filled weapons have been found recently in Iraq. Two days before Kelland's article was filed, the AP reported that, "Terrorists may have been close to obtaining munitions containing the deadly nerve agent cyclosarin that Polish soldiers recovered last month in Iraq." Cyclosarin is five times stronger than sarin and five times more durable. It turns out the gas in this case was so deteriorated that it would not have worked, but the head of Polish intelligence was rightly "mortified" when he learned terrorists were looking for these warheads and offering $5,000 apiece for them.  The odd part is, the earlier article was the truer one. The New York dateline may have something to do with that, I don't know. Perhaps the nut graf is different in London. But it puzzles me that, as the evidence dribbles in supporting the existence of Saddam's WMDs, Reuters seems to be moving its goalposts in, not out.
     
    


	 
      "Parameters" is the quarterly journal of the U.S. Army War College, in Carlisle. The summer 2004 edition has  urlLink  this insigthful piece   by Ralph Peters, titled "In Praise of Attrition."  What's remarkable is that it's insightful: It is mostly a collection of statements of the obvious about the art of war on a large scale. Historical illustrations are provided, but they seem superfluous because so much of this is simple sense. Not pretty, though.  Which probably is why something so basic has to be rediscovered, reinforced, and we have to be reminded of it.   But we do have superior killing power, once our enemies have been located. Ultimately, the key advantage of a superpower is super power. Faced with implacable enemies who would kill every man, woman, and child in our country and call the killing good (the ultimate war of attrition), we must be willing to use that power wisely, but remorselessly.   We are, militarily and nationally, in a transition phase. Even after 9/11, we do not fully appreciate the cruelty and determination of our enemies. We will learn our lesson, painfully, because the terrorists will not quit. The only solution is to kill them and keep on killing them: a war of attrition. But a war of attrition fought on our terms, not theirs.   Of course, we shall hear no end of fatuous arguments to the effect that we can’t kill our way out of the problem. Well, until a better methodology is discovered, killing every terrorist we can find is a good interim solution. The truth is that even if you can’t kill yourself out of the problem, you can make the problem a great deal smaller by effective targeting.   And we shall hear that killing terrorists only creates more terrorists. This is sophomoric nonsense. The surest way to swell the ranks of terror is to follow the approach we did in the decade before 9/11 and do nothing of substance. Success breeds success. Everybody loves a winner. The clichés exist because they’re true. Al Qaeda and related terrorist groups metastasized because they were viewed in the Muslim world as standing up to the West successfully and handing the Great Satan America embarrassing defeats with impunity. Some fanatics will flock to the standard of terror, no matter what we do. But it’s far easier for Islamic societies to purge themselves of terrorists if the terrorists are on the losing end of the global struggle than if they’re allowed to become triumphant heroes to every jobless, unstable teenager in the Middle East and beyond.   Far worse than fighting such a war of attrition aggressively is to pretend you’re not in one while your enemy keeps on killing you.   
     
    


	 
      I used to get naughty pleasure out of  urlLink  The Filthy Critic's   film reviews, partly because he's got that sophomoric sense of humor that men, whatever age, never outgrow; partly because he couples it with real insight most of the time. But mostly because he hates almost everything, and a bad review from a good writer is always a rip-roaring ride  urlLink  (e.g. Lileks' books).    But I got out of the habit of checking in on him, probably when I stopped being entertainment editor at the newspaper and lost track of all the new releases. It's been so long since I checked in there that I hadn't noticed how he and I are now on opposite sides politically.  By "now," I mean "since 9/11." I go back to someone I had identified with, and find he's on the other side. That's how I know at least how long it's been since I last was there. Like a burn-mark in the tree rings, you can date other events by it.  Sullivan's  urlLink  Daily Dish   has a link back to Filthy's review of Moore's propaganda piece. And even moreso than Krugman or  urlLink  Gitlin,   he sees through the cheap juggling act. But unlike those vaunted academics, the online movie critic doesn't pass over all that intellectual dishonesty in his rush to anoint the man a god.   The problem with Moore's approach isn't what he presents, or even what he believes. Although, I think his approach of just piling on whatever he thinks smokes like a gun is lazy and disservices any focused attack. My real problem with the approach is what he leaves out. It's obvious even to me -- a guy who gets his political news from "Peanuts" reprints (and only the color ones on Sunday) -- that he ignores all facts and evidence that might counter the argument he's determined to make. The result is propaganda for people who already agree with him, but won't change the minds of anyone whose mind you'd want to change. The people who disagree will continue to disagree, because Moore does nothing to counter their arguments. The movie would be a shitload more effective if it were focused on disproving conservative myths instead of creating a whole slew of liberal ones via implication.  That's what I'd like to see. A movie that doesn't pander to the NPR totebag crowds shuttling edamame home to their mud-compact homes in V-4 Saabs. One that has an answer every time the SUV-driving, fried-children-eating, baby-seal-beating Republicans say "But what about ..." Instead we get a movie meant to make liberals feel good about themselves.  Now if I hear one more jackass say "Everyone should see this movie," I'm gonna kick him (or her) in the nuts. What they mean is, "Everyone should see this because I'm right and you should be forced to agree with me. Oh yeah, and I'm an asshole." Sure, everyone should see this, and everyone should read Bill O'Reilly's books too. You're a pompous ass if you think everyone should see it just because its what you believe. Only people who want to should see it. And they should see it as part of a much larger curriculum. You should know enough to make up your own mind, not let Michael Moore do it for you. 	   Mind you, this is someone who  agrees  with Moore and Gitlin and Krugman about Bush. But he's honest enough to call a charade a charade and report that it doesn't help his cause and may hurt it. Sometimes the man who grabs the most attention for a faction is more interested in the attention than in the fight. Yeats wrote a whole poem about the wise leader who won't put his cause about the honest values that sustain it -- a whole poem of two lines:    Parnell came down the road, he said to a cheering man: 'Ireland shall get her freedom and you still break stone.'    Filthy'd probably have to stop writing "fuck" if he wanted to make the  New York Times  op-ed page, but I'd sure rather read his brand of honest analysis than what's there today. 
     
    


	 
      Dave Kopel of the Independence Institute has tallied  urlLink  fifty nine (and counting) "Deceits in Farenheit 9/11."    Reading this made me think of faggots, and of Boss Tweed.  OK, I'll back up. One of my online lives is as keeper of a dictionary of etymologies -- word origins. Which means a good deal of my online time is spent tilting at the false etymologies people embrace (e.g. "golf is an acronym for 'gentlemen only; ladies forbidden' "). I also correspond with fellow word mavens, and we often lament the persistence of these false memes.  One of my current correspondents, a delightful fellow names Frank, shared a few juicy stories about the linguistic  faux pas  of some prominent academics. Shocked? Hardly. I've had my faith in academe shattered so many times I've stopped counting.  There's a lamentable tendency in the university set to cling to a beloved false etymology because it provides just the perfect detail to illustrate the world-view being advanced. I can understand that tendency in average folks (like me). I just learned that the "Mama Cass choked to death on a chicken sandwich" factoid is a false meme. I was crushed. But it seems to me that academics, of all people, ought to be committed to rigorous inquiry after true origins, rather than blind clinging to the paps of false idols.  One of the disputes this dictionary brought down on me was from professors and students in the "sex and gender studies" departments, who insist that  faggot  meaning "homosexual male" and  faggot  meaning "bundle of sticks used to light a fire" are the same word, and this reflects the medieval (or whatever age) abhorrence of homosexuality, via the phrase "throw another faggot on the fire."  As short as I can make it, the  faggot  that meant "bundle of twigs bound up" is a 13th century word that came to English with the Norman-French, and it ultimately comes from Latin  fascis  "bundle of wood" (which is also, interestingly, the root of  fascist ). During the Reformation (16th century) faggots were used in burning heretics so often that phrase  fire and faggot  was used to mean "punishment of a heretic." Heretics who recanted were required to wear an embroidered figure of a faggot on their sleeve, as an emblem and reminder of what they deserved.  Fast-forward from 16th century to 20th. The  faggot  that means "male homosexual" only goes back to 1914, and first appears in American slang (the shortened form  fag  is from 1921). It probably was extended from a contemptuous slang term for "a woman," especially an old and unpleasant one, which is a reference to  faggot  in the "bundle of sticks" sense, as something awkward that has to be carried (cf. "baggage," as slang for "wife"). D.H. Lawrence and James Joyce, among others in the last century, used "faggot" in this "old woman" sense around the same time it was emerging as a slang term for "gay man."  [It may also have been reinforced by Yiddish  faygele  "homosexual," literally "little bird." It also may have roots in British public school slang  fag  "a junior who does certain duties for a senior" (1785), with suggestions of "catamite," which comes from the verb  fag,  meaning "to become tired," which seems to be an alteration of  flag. ]  However, the statement that male homosexuals were called  faggots  in reference to their being burned at the stake is an etymological urban legend. Burning was sometimes a punishment meted out to homosexuals in Christian Europe (on the suggestion of the Biblical fate of Sodom and Gomorah), but in England, where parliament had made homosexuality a capital offense in 1533, hanging was the method proscribed.  Furthermore, any use of  faggot  in connection with public executions had long become an English historical obscurity by the time the word began to be used for "male homosexual" in 20th century American slang, whereas the contemptuous slang word for "woman" (and the other possible sources or influences listed here) was in active use.  Yet the connection seemed to be the hinge-point of so many sociology lectures and published papers that its adherents would not give it up. And unlike other people who write to me about such things, the academics were snippy in the extreme. They immediately pulled rank on me. "I have a doctorate, I teach. What qualification do you have to contradict me?" Well, a doctorate in gender studies no more qualifies you to do etymology than a plumbers' certificate does.  It reminded me of the AOL Civil War message board where I used to participate. One day, a "professor" showed up and tried to silence his opponent (in this case, me) by demanding to know where I had done my graduate studies an where I had been published. Someone else politely informed him that he wouldn't automatically win arguments because of a sheepskin framed on his wall, but if he could muster some facts and present a cogent argument, he would get due credit. Needless to say, the professor vanished after that. His chaser was a man who drives truck for a living and knows more about many aspects of the Civil War than anyone I know.  So in the dispute with the  faggot  people, here was a second-rate copy editor in a small-town newspaper teaching graduate students and professors how to think critically about the evidence in front of them. It says a lot about the modern university, I suppose. Certainly it illustrates while I bailed out of higher education after just four years of college. So many of its arguments are built on shadows and innuendos of association.  Which may be why Michael Moore and the college professors seem to agree with one another so well.  Yet it just falls apart, because the factoids the lecturer or filmmaker is stitching together turn out to not exist. The thread is rotten. And the clothes have no king.  Todd Gitlin, in  urlLink  an essentially laudatory review of Moore's movie and his role in the modern American political landscape,   actually puts his finger on this quality:   He’s an entertainer (when it suits him) whose brush is so broad, at times, as to coat all evidence and logic with bursts of sensational color. His chief method is the insinuating juxtaposition. Presto, proof by association.  Fahrenheit 9/11,  his election year release, is like a beer commercial. When you see the gorgeous women drinking the beer, the subterranean layer of your cortex is supposed to think: if I drink, I get. This deep layer is protected by the more deliberate thought: hey, it’s all in good fun. Bush–haters can say,  I knew it!  Moore can say,  I don’t do proofs, I do provocations.     Gitlin himself is a '60s student protest veteran and a professor -- of journalism and sociology, of course -- at Columbia University. Despite the beer commercial metaphor (because we're all so much cleverer than those beer-swilling Red State denizens), I wonder if his ability to recognize Moore's intellectual chicanery is not an accident. Gitlin concludes:   Moore is the master demagogue an age of demagoguery made. He’s an impresario of spectacle and he corrals people who don’t pay attention to news to pay attention to him and his facts, his footage, his badinage, his sarcasm, his factoid detonations, all of it, indiscriminately, smashing up the complacency that watched George Bush seize power in the most powerful nation in history.   And so Gitlin, eyes wide closed, annoints Moore as the "most compelling, useful filmmaker of the 21st century." Demagogues, and their allies, know the virtue of getting people to look at the right manipulated images. They always have.       It reminds me, in reverse, of a story from the movement to overthrow the corrupt Tweed Ring in New York City government. On July 22, 1871, the New York Times began publishing an exposé of the Tweed Ring's activities. Harper's Weekly illustrator Thomas Nast did his part with cartoons lambasting Tweed, in dead-on caricatures portraying him as a vulture feeding on the public. "Let's stop them damned pictures," the Boss supposedly said, "I don't care so much what the papers write about —- my constituents can't read —- but damn it, they can see pictures."	
     
    


	 
      At last, a Hollywood star I won't have to enjoy only after deliberately erasing all the mindless anti-war mumbo jumbo quotes. And of all people it's Rebecca Romijn-Stamos, who comes off as rather witty in  urlLink  this article.   Now, she doesn't say she supports the war or anything. She doesn't have to to win my respect. She actually went there and saw real people (unlike, it seems, many of the journalists who pretend to cover Iraq). And though she had her deeply held views about the U.S. military, she adjusted her politics to the reality, not the other way around.   Staunchly anti-war, Romijn-Stamos said the visit had been a real eye-opener and it seemed to have given her a slightly different perspective on life.  "It was unbelievable and I'll never forget it," she said. "I grew up in Berkeley, California, which is the most liberal, left-leaning place you could ever find and I had zero contact with our military.  "So I had a pre-conceived notion they would all be rednecks who were only there because their daddies had been in the army. But I was wrong and I met the most amazing people over there.  "It was 130 degrees [Fahrenheit] and they were walking around in full fatigues and we'd get there to find out they'd been waiting in that heat for three or four hours. And they had so much perspective on it, they were really deep and smart and had a lot of opinions."   That's all I'd ask of anyone who claims to be against, against, against. Go and see, or find a real view.      Besides, she's easier on the eyes than Michael Moore.  [ Update, July 7 ] Note to other Hollywood types: take a tip from this athlete. American tennis star Andy Roddick, pestered with leading questions by a reporter from  Der Spiegel,  gives the right answer. Just because you're a movie star/jock, doesn't mean you know anything.  SPIEGEL ONLINE:  What about the war?    RODDICK: What's that supposed to mean?  SPIEGEL ONLINE:  What do you think about the Iraq war? A mistake?   RODDICK: One of my best childhood buddies is fighting down there, and of course I hope he comes out of it OK. Listen, it's not my job to make comments about that. As an American, naturally, I support my country. Some things I agree with, others I don't. Thank God I'm not the one who has to make the decisions there. I don't know enough about the whole situation to pass judgment on it.
     
    


	 
      The London-based daily Al-Sharq Al-Awsat on June 24 published an article titled "The Death of 300,000 People." It was written by the paper's former editor, Abd Al-Rahman Al-Rashed, and it decried the Arab media's indifference to the violence in Sudan.   "They are not the victims of Israeli or American aggression; therefore, they are not an issue for concern. This is how an approach of indifference towards others outside the circle of conflict with foreigners, and of permitting their murder, is spread as you read and write about the Darfur crisis and consider it an artificial issue, or one unworthy of world protest.   "Is the life of 1,000 people in western Sudan less valuable, or is a single killed Palestinian or Iraqi of greater importance, merely because the enemy is Israeli or American? According to estimates by U.N. delegations inspecting what is happening in the [Darfur] region, 300,000 Sudanese are in danger of liquidation because of the ongoing war there.    Here is the piece,  urlLink  courtesy of MEMRI.   It's a rare instance of an Islamic voice decrying the Arab militias that have perpetrated the genocide.
     
    


	 
      Observers nowadays talk about "hard power" and "soft power," a dichotomy popularized by by Joseph S. Nye Jr.'s book, "The Paradox of American Power."  Hard power is the kind that blasts through the roof and dismantles Saddam's Iraq or an al Qaida training camp in Afghanistan. Americans like to think of ourselves as good at that. Soft power is diplomacy. It coaxes and coerces, and draws economic nooses around dangerous enemies. Europeans like to think of themselves as experts in that.  Both are needed in the ongoing war against Islamist terror. But I think we need to acknowledge a third force, or a third front -- call it "smart power."  Consider this critique of modern Western culture:   "Any objectives other than the immediate utilitarian ones are by-passed, and any human element other than ego is not recognized. While the whole of life is dominated by such materialism, there is no scope for laws beyond provisions for labor and production."   Ted Hughes or Jimmy Carter might have written that. Any number of best-selling pop psychologists could sign off on it.  But it wasn't any of them. The quote is from the works of Sayyid Qutb, the mid-20th century Egyptian scholar who profoundly influenced Osama Bin Laden. Karen Armstrong calls him "the founder of Sunni fundamentalism."  We can answer the suicide bombers of 9-11 with military might, and we can use diplomacy to contain Syria or Iran. But we must also answer the critiques of the intellectual founders of modern Islamist fundamentalism. Because, while a terrorist with a bomb pack may be beyond argument, the tradition that breeds him is based on sane, if twisted or imperfect, views of man and God and life.  Bin Laden is not much of an original thinker. He cribs from Qutb, who himself was influenced by Pakistani Abul Ala Mawdudi, who espoused a militant vision of Islam centered on jihad against Western influences.  These men were not cave-dwellers, ignorant of the wider world. As a young man, Qutb was enamored of English literature. He was educated in modern reason and science, and for many years he reconciled his deep Muslim faith with his enthusiasm for secular politics and Western culture. But he was disillusioned in the '40s by British and French colonialism in North Africa and the Middle East, and by the rise of Zionism. A period of study in the U.S. deepened his disillusionment, which was completed by a spell in prison under Nasser.  As a result, his thinking and writing reached the point where he identified the West (and the corrupted though nominally Islamic Middle Eastern regimes) with the  jahili  ("ignorant") pagan societies of Mecca that Muhammad had fought in a death-battle. Much of the Quran is a call to battle against these forces. It is the Muslim's ultimate duty, if the Quran is read without a sense of its historical context. Between Mawdudi and Qutb, on the one hand, and the terror-killers of 9/11 is just a short step. Bin Laden happened to fill it; others could have done as much.  Who will answer the critique these men leveled against the secular West? This ought to be the work of our universities, where the finest products of Western culture traditionally concentrate. But these have been taken over by an anti-Western spirit that values only the questioning and doubting qualities of modern humanism, without its essential faiths and creative, positive belief in itself. Today, if you want a vituperative screed against Western literature, science, politics, culture, and values, you go to a university. Where do you go for a defense of them?  In fact, a major challenge in the Islamist intellectual and spiritual critique of the West is that much of it is echoed in the West.   "Humanity today is living in a large brothel! One has only to glance at its press, films, fashion shows, beauty contests, ballrooms, wine bars, and broadcasting stations! Or observe its mad lust for naked flesh, provocative postures, and sick, suggestive statements in literature, the arts and the mass media! And add to all this, the system of usury which fuels man's voracity for money and engenders vile methods for its accumulation and investment, in addition to fraud, trickery, and blackmail dressed up in the garb of law."   Qutb again. Billy Graham her could sign on to the first half of that. Michael Moore would agree with the economic critique. A liberal Mennonite probably would approve of both.  The conservative American thinker Dinesh D'Souza has  urlLink  an interesting piece in the San Francisco Chronicle   about this third front in the battle against Islamist extremism. He sees that, like the Jesuits of old, the modern defenders of Western culture can concede much, and still triumph in their debates.   Let us concede at the outset that freedom will often be used badly in a free society. Freedom by definition includes freedom to do good or evil, to act nobly or basely. Given the warped timber of humanity, freedom becomes the forum for the expression of human flaws and weaknesses. On this point, Qutb and his fundamentalist followers are quite correct.   But if freedom brings out the worst in people, it also brings out the best. The millions of Americans who live decent, praiseworthy lives deserve our highest admiration because they have opted for the good when the good is not the only available option. Even amid the temptations that a rich and free society offers, they have remained on the straight path. Their virtue has special luster because it is freely chosen.   By contrast, the theocratic and authoritarian society that Islamic fundamentalists advocate undermines the possibility of virtue. If the supply of virtue is insufficient in free societies, it is almost nonexistent in Islamic societies because coerced virtues are not virtues at all.    Which is quite as true of non-Islamic societies where the law governs all human behaviors. The historian William H. Prescott, in 1847, after describing such a society in the Inca empire, wrote, "Where there is no free agency, there can be no morality. Where there is no temptation, there can be little claim to virtue. Where the routine is rigorously proscribed by law, the law, and not the man, must have the credit of the conduct."  ["History of the Conquest of Peru"]   Reports from fundamentalist-dominated Fallujah tell of barbaric cruelties committed by the jihadis, and the 9/11 hijackers spent their last nights in strip clubs and booze halls. As the Greeks discovered to their dismay, the coerced virtues of the Spartans fell apart utterly when they became masters in other lands.  D'Souza doesn't say so in as many words, but he suggests the argument could be carried forth by the people of faith in the West.   This is the argument that Americans should make to people in the Islamic world. It is a mistake to presume that Muslims would be totally unreceptive to it. Islam, which has common roots with Judaism and Christianity, respects the autonomy of the individual soul. Salvation for Muslims, no less than for Jews and Christians, is based on the soul choosing freely to follow God.   We can make the case to Muslims that freedom is not a secular invention. Rather, freedom is a gift from God.   It might work. And gods know you're not going to hear that argument out of the universities.
     
    


	 
      I'm a little late with this June 29 piece (I was on vacation last week), but  urlLink  Eric M. Johnson   has a fine critique of the WaPo's Iraq coverage. The Post is one of the handful of Big Media outlets that drive the total U.S. coverage of that war, by having an actual staff in Iraq. Smaller papers buy its stories to supplement the AP's, because they have no eyes and ears of their own in Iraq.  Not that it matters that the Post has anyone in the country. Military men and women coming back say they don't recognize Iraq when they read about it in newspapers like the Post. As I suspected, these "reporters" rarely venture out of the safe zones and their editors have an overwhelmingly negative bias about the U.S. effort there. This badly warps the paper's coverage, because the stories are either seeking out bad news or being willfully out of touch with the daily realities of most Iraqis.   Don't take my word for it that the Post’s reporting is substandard and superficial. Take the word of Philip Bennett, the Post's assistant managing editor for foreign news. In a surprisingly candid June 6 piece, he admits that "the threat of violence has distanced us from Iraqis." Further, "we have relied on Iraqi stringers filing by telephone to our correspondents in Baghdad, and on embedding with the military. The stringers are not professional journalists, and their reports are heavy on the simplest direct observation." Translation: we are reprinting things from people we barely know, from a safe location dozens of miles away from the fighting.   Bennett flatly concedes that they have a “dim picture” of what is happening in Iraq, (not that you would know it from the actual news articles he approves for publication.) "The people of Iraq...are leading their country, and ours, down an uncertain path. This is a story waiting to be told."   Waiting to be told? They have four or five full-time reporters there at any given time. What are they doing, if they're not telling the story of Iraq's new birth?   Bennett might have added that not only are the reporters "distanced" from Iraqis, they're distanced from Iraq itself. Covering it from Baghdad is like covering California from a secure bunker in south-central Los Angeles. Sure, a lot happens in L.A., but you're going to miss important things if you don't go to San Diego or San Francisco, or even Bakersfield once in a while.    
     
    


	 
      We had a lovely Fourth. Alaskan salmon on the grill, fireworks downtown, and a tiki torch, which was Luke's dream come true. Unless you're a 13-year-old boy, you can't imagine how cool a tiki torch in your back yard is.  Along the way, we found time to talk about those people back in 1776 and what a brave risk they took and what they were probably thinking when they did it. They could never have imagined the way we live today. But that doesn't matter, because the difference between them and so many rebels, past and present, is that ours did not want to lock their descendants into one pattern of life. They wanted to give us a free and open field to wake up to every morning, with the chance to make something of it every day.  Driving through town, I've seen this bumper sticker (on a big, expensive, gas-guzzling van, of course):  "I don't have to like Bush to love my country."   Of course you don't. But your bumper sticker still only tells me what you  don't  like about the place where you live and work and drive and express yourself. It doesn't tell me whether you do love it, or if so, what you love about it.  And I suspect that question, if I put it to you, would be an awkward one.  No, you don't have to like Bush to love America. But certainly if you hate America, any projection of its power and idealism, as embodied in what Bush is trying to do in Iraq, is going to rouse you to fury. Which is why an irrational frothing rage at the current president is often a good indicator of some serious anti-Americanism. To the point where people feel compelled to deflect attention from it by a bumper-sticker.  It reminds me of a sign that was posted during the anti-American protests at this year's D-Day commemoration in France: "We love Americans, we just hate Bush." Which immediately runs into the logical problem that Bush is an American. So it seems that the position being expressed is, "we love Americans who think and act the way we want them to think and act, and we hate those who don't." Which would be an honest expression, but it should hardly serve as a reassuring example of trans-Atlantic fellowship.  Writing the post below, about U.S. dependence on foreign oil, I realized that my family and peers will tolerate me only if I periodically say something negative about the U.S., or Bush. It's not difficult to find qualities in either of them that I regard as serious flaws. But this seems to be a test case for these people. It reassures them.   I wish the common ground didn't have to be some condemnation of America, but it seems to be the token demanded by anti-war people to even consider you as a human being. What if the test was, "Tell me something you love about America." I somehow foresee a long hemming and hawing, followed by, "I'm proud to live in a country where I can  send George Bush back to his ranch in Texas in November! "  Knowing only what you're against, not being "for" anything; knowing only that you hate, not being able to love what nourished you. Yasmin Alibhai-Brown, the anti-war British commentator, is more readable than most of that tribe. She is articulate and passionate and sometimes she actually thinks about things before she writes them. Recently she caught a glimpse of that abyss. "The past months have been challenging for us in the anti-war camp. I am ashamed to admit that there have been times when I wanted more chaos, more shocks, more disorder to teach our side a lesson. On Monday I found myself again hoping that this handover proves a failure because it has been orchestrated by the Americans. The decent people of Iraq need optimism now, not my distasteful ill-wishes for the only hope they have for a future."
     
    


	 
      My anti-war relatives and friends and I agree on one thing: America is weakened by its dependence on foreign oil.  Our moral case for overthrowing religious fundamentalists and sadistic dictators in the Middle East and South Asia is open to an attack from those who say we're just a nation of oil-junkies trying to insure a pipeline to our fix. Our political and military power itself is based in too large part on the unreliable and false friends who happen to own land atop the world's oil reserves. Those supertankers that ply the high seas from the Persian Gulf to New York are slow Trojan horses.  So, after disgreeing on nearly everything else, my friends and family and I usually end up restoring civility by finding the common ground of decrying American dependence on oil.  Gods know, it frustrates me, as one who thinks we should take this war, and this threat, as seriously as we took Hitler and Japan in 1941. Yet instead of gas rationing, I see my next-door neighbors, a family of five, with five cars parked in the lot and never more than one person in a car at a time when it pulls out. At my girlfriend's apartment complex, an air conditioner has been running non-stop for weeks now -- in an empty apartment.  One of the phrases I've heard, and seen in print, is "a new Manhattan Project." As in, "we need a new Manhattan Project to develop a new energy source." I wish it could be that simple. But ordering up a new technology, even if price is no object, is unlikely to succeed.  There must be a foundation of knowledge before a new technology can be erected. And this work of foundation-building often is done by men or women working on the fringes of science, untangling mental knots out of sheer intellectual curiosity with no practical aim in sight. They are hardly the kind of people who would be appointed to high-profile government-sponsored committees. They usually don't work well on committees at all. And their work is the kind that's a sitting duck for Congressional yowls about "waste of taxpayers' money."  For instance, the original Manhattan Project grew out of the theories of Albert Einstein. When he did this work, he was a young Swiss citizen with an undistinguished academic record, who had failed to find a teaching job and instead accepted a position as technical assistant in the Patent Office in Bern. How likely would Congress, in 1905 or today, be to grant money to an uninspiring Swiss Jew who wants to use it to support himself while he imagines what the world would look like if he rode on a beam of light?  The Manhattan Project came about because scientific developments had reached a point where a concentrated effort to produce a fission "atomic" bomb was likely to yield a practical result. That's when Einstein, Teller, and Szilard gathered in July 1939 on Long Island and wrote to Roosevelt. But ultimately, it was nothing more than a practical application of what began with the work of the obscure patent clerk in Bern.   Carl Sagan, as part of  "The Demon-Haunted World,"  wrote a digression into imaginary history. He wonders what would have happened if Queen Victoria in 1860 had sought some medium to communicate words, sounds, and pictures throughout her far-flung empire. She would have called together the most prominent men of science in the land, and they probably would have tried to develop something based on the telegraph, which was then the height of technology.  Then he describes J. Clerk "Dafty" Maxwell, the socially inept man who would in fact develop the equations that lead to radio and television. He makes it all too clear that Maxwell never would have come to the attention of Victoria's committee-choosers of 1860, much less been offered a seat at the table. And if he had been, it likely would have deflected his research and rumination down an unproductive path.   "Maxwell wasn't thinking of radio, radar, and television when he first scratched out the fundamental equations of electromagnetism; Newton wasn't dreaming of space flight or communications satellites when he first understood the motion of the Moon. Roentgen wasn't contemplating medical diagnosis when he investigated a penetrating radiation so mysterious he called it 'X-rays'; Curie wasn't thinking of cancer therapy when she painstakingly extracted minute amounts of radium from tons of pitchblende; Fleming wasn't planning on saving the lives of millions with antibiotics when he noticed a circle free of bacteria around a growth of mold; Watson and Crick weren't imagining the cure of genetic diseases when they puzzled over the X-ray diffractometry of DNA ...."   If the next energy breakthrough happens in our lifetimes, don't look for it from a New Manhattan Project. Such an effort would be useful for turning a breakthrough discovery to practical use. But getting there will require a first step of imaginative genius, probably from a mind you wouldn't suspect. For the U.S. to support that, it would have to be willing to pitch money into open-ended research by intellectually curious Poindexters who can offer no practical justification for their staring at the stars.
     
    


	 
       urlLink  That "Onion" story:     WICHITA, KS — Delivering the central speech of his 10-day "Solution For America" bus campaign tour Monday, Democratic presidential nominee Sen. John Kerry outlined his one-point plan for a better America: the removal of George W. Bush from the White House.  "If I am elected in November, no inner-city child will have to live in an America where George Bush is president," Kerry said, addressing a packed Maize High School auditorium. "No senior citizen will lie awake at night, worrying about whether George Bush is still the chief executive of this country. And no American—regardless of gender, regardless of class, regardless of race—will be represented by George Bush in the world community."  
     
    


	 
       [ From Katrina, currently in Iraq, doing contractual oversight work, including billing reviews, for a U.S. contractor rebuilding Iraqi water, oil, electrical, and irrigation systems at waterside facilities and branch systems. ]   Take for instance  urlLink  this delectable write up from the Wall Street Journal on Halliburton.    Now, I know what it actually means. I've got plenty to do on behalf of the government and Halliburton down the line. But so does Halliburton, and for that matter, the Pentagon. I love 'em, but of everyone involved here, the DOD is the most notorious for not having their ducks in a row. That means that their own internal structure is horribly slow in reporting their own contracts and change orders.  The military just moves, expects everyone to respond immediately, then two years later gets around to making a note of their own changes to their own bean counters. Throw in associated work from other US agencies and you've got even more to deal with. The reason doing business with them is so difficult, is because you're basically doing half of their work for them. So while I expect some cost overruns to be declined, I firmly expect the majority of charges to be eventually accepted.  I must compliment the Journal on at least working some detail into the story, though judging from their own words, the emphasis was mostly on getting a story first. What is going unmentioned though, is perhaps the most important part of the whole story. While much is made of KBR's estimating, the reporter fails to point out what cost basis the Pentagon is comparing KBR's estimates to. In fact, the primary source for these costs comes from KBR itself.  Pentagon audits for most projects largely consist of producing pricing estimates from other suppliers after the fact and then comparing them to those actually used. This would be a little like purchasing a car from an automotive dealership based on his price quote, taking delivery, then returning to the dealership later and refusing to complete payments because you saw the same car at another dealer for less, and blaming it on the dealer. Strange, but this is exactly how it works.  The Pentagon doesn't have to delve into why one supplier costs less than another, or even if the cheaper one could have actually delivered the product as specified. The burden for that falls on the contractor. It's a little like going to court to get paid, and is one of the reasons why most companies don't, and won't do business with the US government. The money is good enough. But you're saddled with more than just the normal expenses of running your own company. You're running part of the government as well, and you're supposed to be doing that part for nothing. (Which is exactly why people hire the company I work for)  On the good side of things, Halliburton is a much better-run ship than is the US government. On the bad side, the complexity of the contractual relationships within various departments of the US government, Halliburton, its subsidiaries, and assorted contractors, as well as newly created contractual agreements modifying those created during the term of the Coalition government, mean that details will take substantial time to work out.  The point is, Halliburton = Cheney, so Halliburton + money question = great political pile-of-doo story.  
     
    


	 
       [ From Katrina, currently in Iraq, doing contractual oversight work for a U.S. contractor rebuilding Iraqi water, oil, electrical, and irrigation systems at waterside facilities and branch systems, mostly in the Shi'ite area. ]   It strikes me that some people in the U.S. find some great separation between the persons who might be labled Al Qaida, insurrgents in say, Fallujah, and those who call themselves the Mahdi Army. The AP lables the later a "Shite Militia" rather correctly. But the fact is, there are several Shite Militias who are having nothing to do with the Mahdi or with Sadr, and have no desire whatsoever to mix it up with either the established Iraqi government troops or with the Coalition troops. Many, in fact, are helping to bolster security in out of the way areas where Coalition and Iraqi troops are unable to be.  Al Qaida recruits from Islamics who believe in the exact same principles that Sadr teaches. We're not speaking of an audience who has any love for or patience with any country carrying western beliefs or religions. Instead, we're speaking of people who are exceptionally prideful, completely impatient with anyone who doesn't follow their beliefs, and emotionally separated from any form of reality beyond their own strict Islamic principles. When Al Qaida wants to impress people to come to their support, they don't speak to all Iraqis, or Arabs, and definitely not to any westerners. They speak to other Islamic extremists, a term that completely suits Sadr and his followers, as well as the various scum holed up in Fallujah.  It is pride itself, and the mystic pull of place, that brings these idiots to pool themselves together in order to be slaughtered. Anyone who has missed this outstanding feature of all of the zealots simply hasn't been giving them sufficient thought. We don't have to have a huge plan, with many of them. We can simply wait for them to band together and display their pride through violence, and then wipe them off the face of the Earth, if they insist upon it.  No, we don't want their message to resonate, though it certainly could. But those with whom it would resonate the most already think much like them. These fence sitters could go over the edge for any number of reasons. But they could also be completely repulsed by the outright violence and stupidity of those who they would otherwise glorify. And regardless of which way they ultimately decide to turn, every one of those who has chosen to kill infidels and ends up face down in the sand turning cold is one less that Al Qaida can reach out to in the future when they want to kill off a few hundred or thousand infidels.  I'm in favor of killing every one of the prideful little bastards wherever they chose to congregate. And I'm here to show as much as possible of just how much better things can be if the pride and stupidity thing gets dropped and they decide the rest of the world has a right to live, too.  What are we doing? We're doing every trick in the book to try to find the people who want to do us and average Iraqis harm, and eradicate them, while trying to make a civil life look more appealing. That's pretty much what you do in this type of situation, unless you've got a better solution. 
     
    


	 
        [ From Katrina, currently in Iraq, doing contractual oversight work for a U.S. contractor rebuilding Iraqi water, oil, electrical, and irrigation systems at waterside facilities and branch systems, mostly in the Shi'ite area. ]   Sadr and his thugs will be finished by Iraqis, not American troops, including many of those who have previously been guarding jobsites in the area, and aren't really trained for the work. It might be a bloody affair, but it's really something that Iraqis need to do for themselves. Sadr has followers, undoubtedly. But he stands in the way of a new Iraq that the majority of Iraqis want. Extremists worldwide may call him a martyr. But for the average Iraqi, he's a violent thorn that provokes violence and stands in the way of peace and prosperity. The primary question for Iraqis is and has been, can they build a new Iraq. They all want it, but what kind of Iraq will it be. Sadr promises violence.  Some people in the U.S. seem to be impressed because a neighborhood protests or erupts, or a thousand or so protest in the south. They don't consider the hundreds of thousands who don't, and basically stay inside hoping it will all be over soon. 
     
    


	 
      Frances Fitzgerald, in last weekend's "Washington Post,"  urlLink  writes a review of "History Lessons,"   a new book subtitled "How Textbooks from Around the World Portray U.S. History," by Dana Lindaman and Kyle Ward   FitzGerald is suited to the job; she's probably best known for "Fire in the Lake: The Vietnamese and the Americans in Vietnam," but she also wrote "America Revised," a look at 20th century U.S. history books, which I've used in my research.  Lindaman and Ward compiled excerpts, mostly pertaining to the United States, from history textbooks in other  nations -- From Canada and France to Zimbabwe and North Korea. Not surprisingly, they sometimes do better than U.S. history books   "U.S. texts describe the French and Indian War as a purely American conflict, but British and French texts show the war to be a mere incident in the ongoing struggle between the two European empires. Too, the thoughtful and nationally self-critical Nigerian account of the Atlantic slave trade paints American slavery against a much larger canvas."   But not always.   "[M]uch in this collection would startle not only American high school students but many of their teachers as well. In addition, while this is not its purpose, the book, taken as a whole, explains rather better than the punditry mills why many countries, particularly those once known as 'the Allies,' take such a dim view of the United States. "   FitzGerald explains:   "Most [textbooks] reflect public attitudes; all help to create those attitudes because they are the most widely read histories in each country, and because kids read them during the formative adolescent years. What students remember from their reading is not, of course, so clear. ... Still the texts have an authority that books by individual historians lack, for, even in the best school systems, teachers, in their desperate attempt to drum in a few names and dates, rarely question their points of view, and students hazily come to regard what they read as the truth."    She lists some of the examples from the book; a few are predictable, but others seem to portray an America almost unrecognizable to a native who has studied its history (me). I have a translated U.S. history text from the old Soviet Union, circa 1969, that my friends and I used to look over for laughs. But some of what's being taught around the world today, it seems, is hardly an improvement. And the nearest neighbor can be the worst offender.   "In few countries are the texts so consistently critical of the United States as they are in Canada, but in a couple of cases the rhetoric is alarming. For national security purposes, we should have read Saudi textbooks years ago, for even while Saudi diplomats were cooing to American officials, Saudi students were reading rants about 'Crusader' and 'Neo-imperialist' attacks on Islam.    
     
    


	 
      ABC News has a  urlLink  political faux blog   called "The Note." In it, Wednesday, they listed some "realities" of the coming election. Among them was:    Forget the fact that that we still can't find a single American who voted for Al Gore in 2000 who is planning to vote for George Bush in 2004. (If you are that elusive figure, e-mail us and tell us who you are and why: politicalunit@abcnews.com.)   	 Evidently, I'm an elusive figure. I wrote to them tonight. Here's what I said:   Is it true you can't find anyone who voted for Gore in 2000 and is likely to vote for Bush in 2004? OK, count me as one.  I live in Pennsylvania. I became a registered Republican about 10 years ago, without much enthusiasm for the party. But in this part of the world, even if space aliens kidnapped three out of every four Republicans on the eve of the next election, the GOP still would win. The contests are decided in the primaries; it's fiscal GOP vs. Bible-thumping GOP in these parts, and if you want to participate, you become a Republican. I joined the GOP so I could have the pleasure of voting against the extremist candidates twice a year.  I thought 2000 was an instance of the two-party system at its most inept. I began as a McCain supporter. Once the nominations were made, I felt little enthusiasm for either candidate, but I had a positive contempt for Bush's ignorance, his social conservative agenda, and the general way that he ran his campaign. Al Gore did nothing at all to inspire me, however, and I was planning to vote for Nader until about a day before the election, when my then-girlfriend reasoned me out of it. I voted for Gore.  What happened between now and then? Let me see if I can find the right words:  Sept. 11, 2001.  Bush still doesn't rate a lot of respect from me. I thought he handled himself poorely on that horrible day (Giuliani was my hero). He's grown, albeit slowly, since then. But he has certain qualities, a moral clarity, if you will, that make him better suited to being a war leader than he would have been in peacetime.  America is two nations today -- not the two that John Edwards sees. One nation believes we are in a very serious war with a very dangerous enemy. Islamist terrorists have the potential to make mayhem that Hitler could only dream and Khrushchev dared not try.  The other America? I'm hesitant to say what they think, but if I had to guess, it would be that Sept. 11 was a one-off event, that the best response would be to ask ourselves what we did to deserve it, and to trust in the U.N. and the World Court to protect us from it ever happening again.  Mind you, that's not what John Kerry says. But it is what most of the people I know who back him might say. Really, they don't back  him.  There is no Democratic candidate in this election. There's an elemental force of Bush-hatred, like a spirit-monster out of "Lord of the Rings," that, in accord with the laws of the U.S. electoral process, has to assume a human form and take a human name.  I don't object to John Kerry. I think we'd survive his presidency. In many domestic issues, I think he might do better than Bush. On the other hand, if he wants my vote, he has yet to tell me the things I need to hear that would indicate to me he understand the gravity of the threat from Islamofascism, or the importance of finishing the work that, agree with it or not, we have begun in Iraq. And I doubt I ever will hear those things from him.  But this election is not about Kerry. It's Michael Moore and Moveon.org and Democratic Underground. That's where you see the real face of it. I am utterly unwilling to see them become the kingmakers of America. Kerry won't repudiate them -- he can't; they're his base. Unless he does so, I'll be forced, like I was four years ago, to vote for a candidate who inspires little enthusiasm in me. Last time it wasn't George W. Bush. This time, it seems, it will be.  
     
    


	 
      The Greeks host the Olympics again. Ancient athletes raced and fought naked; the modern ones gathered now in Athens wear clothes advertising the official sponsors. The ancient Greeks, we are told, would be scandalized.  But athletic endorsements happen when athlete and clothing maker angle for a profit off each other. Each obeys the logic of economic individualism. And individualism is a Greek legacy -- an Athenian legacy -- to Western culture.  Individualism defines the West, both to Western and non-Western eyes. In a sociological analysis from 1989, of 50 countries, the top 20 scores in the "individualism" index included all the Western states except Portugal plus Israel.  Individualism is the dynamo that drives disparate expressions of Western culture, from eco-feminist performance art to plutocratic wealth-hoarding. Separation of church and state, the rule of law, social pluralism, representative government, all these hallmarks of Western civilization either define or protect the individual's autonomy from collective power. "Equal rights" is the most advanced expression of individualism. Not only do individuals have rights, the all have them alike, regardless of personal qualities.  These are the gifts we come bearing, like a combative Santa Claus, to non-Western civilizations that have been steeped in collective folkways for millenia. Individualism ranks high on the list of what is universalism to the West and imperialism to the rest.  Islam is communal. To it, American-style individualism looks amoral and unethical. This is true in other world cultures as well (Confucianism, for instance), but Islam presents a particular challenge to America at the moment. Islam is based from beginning to end on the idea of Unity ( tawhid ), both of God and the Islamic community ( ummah ). In sermons, speeches, and publications, radical, mainstream, and even Western Muslims reject American-style individualism as extreme and dangerous, and contrast it unfavorably to Islamic communalism.   "Islam's spirit dictates Muslim life in a way that Muslims are prepared even to die for others, rather to live selfishly for oneself. Here lies the root historic reason of Islam's lightning success of winning people's heart in its hey days. Self-centred nature and the concept of 'individualism' has very little to do in a caring and compassionate society. These are departures from basic human qualities and make a society avaricious and dangerously competitive. They are the features of materialistic societies where human beings vie with each other to endure and triumph." [from a British-based site,  urlLink  ummah.com  ]   There is no appropriate native word in Arabic or Persian to translate "individualism" (my Persian dictionary renders it with an awkward compound word that means literally "freedom of self").  An individualist need not be an egoist. The ancient Olympics lacked team sports.  Athletes strove for personal glory, but that glory was wrapped up in communal identity. The physical prizes awarded were symbolic: the winner of each event at the Isthmian games, for instance, got a crown of dry celery. The real prize was in the adulation of his home state. During triumphant celebrations of their return home, victors at the games were showered with honors and privileges. Their cities voted them free meals for the rest of their lives, or set up statues in their honor.  The whole concept of physical fitness, today such a vanity, was then a civic duty. Sparta was the extreme example, but even in Athens young men and old men spent a good deal of their waking hours at the gyms. His strength was the state's: Every Athenian man under 60 could be called up for military service at a moment's notice, as a hoplite or a marine or an oarsman.  In ancient Greek culture the extended family was the basic unit of society and civic morality was tied to kinship. It was the genius of Athens eventually to break this in the name of individualism. "[T]he liberation of the individual from the bonds of clan and family is one of the major achievements of Greek rationalism, and one for which the credit must go to Athenian democracy." [E.R. Dodds].  Athens had its own recurring athletic festival -- the Panathenaea. No crown of celery for the winners at the Panathenaea games: lavish awards were handed out to the top five finishers in every contest. The winner of the boys' footrace, for instance, got jars containing 1,944 liters of olive oil -- a small fortune at the time. Even at the Olympics, Athenians injected an element of individualism that other Greeks found vulgar. In 416 B.C. Alcibiades, the brilliant and scheming Athenian aristocrat, personally entered seven chariots in the Olympics and took first, second and fourth prizes, "winning, as he claimed, glory for his city, but also popularity and prestige for himself." [Bernard Knox]  The tension between individualism and communalism probably is as deep as human nature. Each culture finds its balance. In some -- medieval Europe and Islam -- the collective ethos prevails. In others -- ancient Athens, modern America -- individualism rules.  The birth of modern individualism coincides almost exactly with the rediscovery of classical Greek (mainly Athenian) civilization in the Renaissance. Petrarch, in the 14th century, decided to climb a mountain for the sheer personal gratification of getting to the top --    To-day I made the ascent of the highest mountain in this region, which is not improperly called Ventosum. My only motive was the wish to see what so great an elevation had to offer     -- and some people say that "humanism" began on that day (though men had climbed mountains before and it's not at all clear Petrarch was much of a humanist). Since then, Westerners have circled the globe, scouting out the highest mountains and getting to the top of them (or dying in the attempt). Locals in the Andes or the Himalayas could have done that. Perhaps some did, but they earned no immortal glory in their cultures for it. The drive to do something like that came from the individual Western mind's yen to be the first.  Individualism is a general Western quality, but it is taken to its extreme in America. Some immigrants came over as groups, in communities, but by and large the United States is a nation of people who defined themselves as individualists by the very act of pulling up their roots and crossing the ocean to a new world.  Hamilton and other founders in the 1780s fretted over this quality in the people. To these men, ancient Athens was an anti-model: reckless, mob-ruled, excessively democratic and perpetually at the mercy of the next Alcibiades. Their models were rather Sparta and the Roman republic. They sought to tutor young America in the classical public virtues: firmness, courage, endurance, industry, frugal living, strength, and unremitting devotion to the weal of the public's corporate self.  Yet there never was a Golden Age of classical virtues in America, unpolluted by greed. A force was afoot in America -- Renaissance humanism, honed by Enlightenment rationalism -- and it steeled the new nation with naked materialism and acquisitive individualism.  If the founders had not read Adam Smith and Bernard Mandeville directly, they were familiar with their ideas, filtered through popular writers and poets like Pope ("Essay on Man"). In this model, prosperity depended on free individuals acting freely in their self-interest. Greed is good. Self-interested individuals promote the interests of the whole society more effectively than they would if they really tried to promote it.    Millions endeavouring to supply Each other's  Lust and Vanity ... Thus every Part was full of Vice, Yet the whole Mass a Paradise.   [Mandeville, "The Fable of the Bees," 1705]   Smith put it more scientifically, but not less clearly.   It is not from the benevolence of the butcher, the brewer, or the baker that we expect our dinner, but from their regard to their own interest. We address ourselves, not to their humanity but to their self-love, and never talk to them of our own necessities but of their own advantages.   The individualist need not be an egoist -- but the egoist always is an individualist. DeTocqueville saw individualism as a peculiar vice of democracies. "Egoism sterilizes the seeds of every virtue; individualism at first only drains the springs of public virtues, but in the long run it attacks and destroys all the others too and finally merges into egoism."  America's great wars in the past century have been against collectivist societies that formed in revulsion against Western individualism -- Prussian militarism, Nazi fascism, and Soviet communism. These were imperfect secular expressions of the socialist ideal. Now the United States faces a more permanent, functional collective power in Islam.  Even where they seem to be alike, the two cultures differ. Both the United States and the Muslim  ummah  were slave-owning cultures, for instance. But under Islam, those who serve the faith, by scholarship or soldiering, enjoyed greater prestige than those who merely made money. Thus in Muslim lands there was no plantation system, no masses of agricultural slaves gathered for the sake of raising cash crops. Slaves in the  ummah  served as cooks, porters, concubines, soldiers. This hardly means Islam was kinder, of course: a slave is a slave, and being a eunuch in a harem or a family sex toy is hardly better than being a field hand.  The tension between individual and collective priorities drives much of the debate between "conservatives" and "liberals" in modern America and spikes it with venom. The split is hardly absolute. Many liberals are solid individualists, and certain modern conservatives, notably in the Russell Kirk school, believe unbridled free market individualism can be a disaster, destructive of those institutions that must be conserved.  But the identification of America's uniqueness in the world with its individualistic qualities made it easy for the anti-communists who battled collectivism in the Cold War to slip into battle with the extremists in the Islamic  ummah  when they attacked the U.S. Old foes with new faces. On the other side, the Lenins and the bin Ladens marked America as their enemy for the same reason. Bad enough, in the eyes of the Islamists, that we practice this decadence. Far worse that we export it into their holy space.  The running battle over individualism allows people in the West to swallow a certain illogic in their positions. Liberals, perhaps reflexively opposing an anti-collectivist U.S., align themselves as allies or apologists for the utterly il-liberal Taliban. And social conservatives wave the flag for relentless war on Islamist clerics whose critique of America's decadence is almost identical to that of the social conservatives.  Ultimately, though Bush is right, whether he knows it or not: rights, liberties, freedoms, are the things "they hate us for," because these things spring from the supremacy of the individual, above the collective or the communal, in American culture. 
     
    


	 
         (This was passed on to me by a colleague, it's from a friend of his, sent to a small group of Navy friends. I tend to not be too concerned with Kerry's military service: I'm more interested in what he'll do for the next four years, not what he did 30 years ago. Same goes for Bush. The wrangling over it spreads a lot of heat without casting much light. This, however, seemed worth putting on the record.)    After a tour in Viet Nam and upon discharge from the USN, I stayed in the Naval Reserve for a number of years. I didn't resign until after I started working for --- and realized that it would be impossible for me to take two weeks off every year.  In 1971 and 1972, the Viet Nam war was winding down. Elmo Zumwalt was Chief of Naval Operations. He'd previously been in charge of all the PBRs, (a.k.a. Swiftboats) in Viet Nam and he didn't want to see PBR technology and knowledge dumped. So he established a Naval Reserve PBR squadron at Mare Island in Vallejo. After spending two weeks there on an annual active duty gig in 1972, I transferred to the unit as a reservist. I had the good fortune to become a swiftboat captain. We ran the PBRs all over the northern half of San Francisco and San Pablo Bays. They're powerful boats, capable of moving from a dead stop to 30 knots in only 50 or 60 feet. Similarly, they could shift from 30 knots to a dead stop in the same distance.  Why do I bring this up? Since all but one of Kerry's peers from a picture taken in 1969 with him and 19 peer officers has come out and advised the world just how dishonorable that sonofabitch was, several left-wing pundits have announced with indignation that none of those other officers served on Kerry's boat. It's as if that means something. A squadron of PBRs moves together as a unit. At mealtime, PBRs pull to a riverbank and the crews eat together. During maneuvers, crews are talking with each other on the radio. When the crews get time to sleep, the PBRs go to a riverbank and the crews get together. On maneuvers, the boats are usually 100 meters to a mile apart. PBRs move around bays and rivers as a group most of the time. Boats are rarely out of sight of the other boats in the squadron. The point here is that any sailor or officer on one boat will get to know every sailor and officer on the other boats every bit as well as the crew on his own boat. The pundits suggest that, since none of the 18 officers who are pronouncing John Kerry as unfit to be C-in-C served on Kerry's boat, they didn't know him very well. That's bullshit. In a squadron with only dozens of men, everybody knows everybody well. Very well. And, remember, there's not one pundit that has ever owned a Navy Serial Number!  Kerry pissed off most veterans when he lied while testifying before Congress in 1971. He angered many earlier this year when he dismissed that lie as, "words of an angry young man." Veterans as a group, however, usually remained silent all the time that Kerry has been in the Senate.  Unfortunately, Kerry made a big deal of his Viet Nam experience and heroics at the Boston convention last month. Doing so has enraged most veterans. We've only begun to see their anger. There are a lot of folks with first-hand stories about the lying opportunist now campaigning to be president. We'll be hearing many more stories in the weeks ahead. 
     
    


	 
      Best account I've found of the current situation is  urlLink  here.   Note how much it is unlike  urlLink  the picture presented by the "Yahoo! News Iraq Slideshow"   (below).
     
    


	 
         Leon Wieseltier has a review of Nicholson Baker's new novel, "Checkpoint," in Sunday's "New York Times" book section. This is the novel whose essential plot is a long discussion between "Jay" and "Ben" about killing President Bush.  Wieseltier is the literary editor of "The New Republic," and anchors one of the consistently important sections of that publication, which, as I read it, occupies a space somewhere between Clintonian pro-business Democrats and Bush Administration neocons (real neocons, not the bloody-fanged caricatures of the left).  After reviewing the book itself, Wieseltier take the one step aside that brings him from Baker's plot into the real political world of modern America. And the essay-within-an-essay that he delivers is wonderful:    The striking thing about Jay's analysis of the [Iraq] war -- that it is the consequence of George W. Bush's religiosity, and servility before American corporations, and alliance with neoconservatives who are "not humble enough before the mystery of a foreign country" -- is that it is not Jay's alone. The same account is familiar from newspapers and television shows and Web sites everywhere.  In a sense, Baker has slandered the opposition to George W. Bush by representing it with a disordered mind bent on murder. In this season of ferocity, therefore, it is worth insisting that Bush-hatred is generally not a plot to kill the president. Yet the discussion of Bush-hatred, and of Baker's book, cannot be concluded with a polite absolution.  For the virulence that calls itself critical thinking, the merry diabolization of other opinions and the other people who hold them, the confusion of rightness with righteousness, the preference for aspersion to argument, the view that the strongest statement is the truest statement -- these deformations of political discourse now thrive in the houses of liberalism too. The radicalism of the right has hectored into being a radicalism of the left. The Bush-loving mob is being met with a Bush-hating mob. Liberals are forgetting why liberals are not radicals.  When Jay demands to know how Ben would feel if Bush were killed -- "won't part of you think, He's got it coming to him? Huh?" -- the most that center-left Ben can muster in the way of principle is this: "I don't -- I'm not -- I can't predict how I would react if the president were actually shot," followed by some sensitive mutterings about "the simple sight of any human being stilled." American liberalism, in sum, may be losing its head.   Except for the twisted conclusion that he draws from his dissent, Jay is not, as I say, a stranger in contemporary America. Late in the novel he explains that "we've reached a point beyond the normal -- we've reached a point of intolerability."  The opinion that these are not normal times, that the Bush years are apocalyptic years, is quite common. "We are no longer in the ordinary times we were in when the conservatives took out after Bill Clinton," Janet Malcolm recently explained in a letter to this newspaper. "We are in a time now that is as fearful as the period after Munich." Life in South Egremont, Mass., may be excruciating, but Malcolm's knowledge of the period after Munich has plainly grown dim.  And who, in her ominous analogy, is Hitler? If it is Osama bin Laden, then she might have a little sympathy for the seriousness of this administration about American security, whatever her views about some of its policies. If it is George W. Bush. ... Well, she continues: "Those of us who are demonizing George W. Bush are doing so not because of his morals but because we are scared of what another four years of his administration will do to this country and to the world." So whether or not Bush is Hitler, he is a devil. This is what now passes for smart.   The signs of the degradation are everywhere. In a new anthology of anti-Bush writings by distinguished journalists and commentators and a senator (Kennedy) and a congressman (Dingell), the pages are ornamented with exhilarating anagrams such as "The Republicans: Plan butcheries?" and "Donald Henry Rumsfeld: Fondly handles murder." The back cover thoughtfully calls Rumsfeld a "war pig."  In an advertisement that proudly lists "recent contributors," The New York Review of Books suddenly names Noam Chomsky, who has not appeared in its pages in decades; but this is the glory in which the journal apparently wishes to bask again. Al Gore denounces Abu Ghraib as "the Bush gulag," and Moveon.org publishes a huge ad instructing that "The Communists had Pravda. Republicans have Fox." And so on. All this is not much of a height from which to fall to the juxtaposition of pictures of Bush with pictures of Hitler in a recent concert by Black Sabbath, to gloss a song also called "War Pigs."  It is true that the Bush campaign recently ran an advertisement on the Internet that mixed Hitler's image with the images of various Democrats. But so what? Even if the Republicans are reaping what they sowed, these weeds should be allowed to die in the field. (Even Jay concedes about Bush that "of course he's not as bad as Hitler.")  Liberals must think carefully about their keenness to mirror some of the most poisonous qualities of their adversaries. It was never exactly a disgrace to American liberalism that it lacked its Limbaugh. But demagoguery now enjoys a new prestige. Thus, a prominent liberal thinker writes a book against George W. Bush that refreshingly prefers ideas to innuendoes, and a sympathetic reviewer in this newspaper laments that "instead of 'Reason,' which the left already has too much of, the Democrats need a book titled 'Brass Knuckles.' "  The argument for liberal demagoguery is twofold, tactical and philosophical. There are those who believe the Democrats cannot succeed without the politics of the sewer. These are the same people who believe it is the politics of the sewer to which the Republicans owe their success. This view significantly underestimates the depth and the nature of George W. Bush's support in American society, and significantly overestimates the influence of the media and its pundit vaudeville on American politics. Rush Limbaugh did not elect a president and neither will Michael Moore. All the professional manipulation of opinion notwithstanding, reality is still more powerful than its representations. If it is not, then all politics is futile.   The philosophical argument for liberal demagoguery is that it is merely an expression, or an exaggeration, of American democracy. But then this must be true also of conservative demagoguery, which also claims to speak (but rather less plausibly) in the voice of the common man. It is when politics becomes a competition in populist credentials that demagoguery, and the sophistry of the slippery slope, flourishes, and the voice of the common man is stolen.  The demagogue's gravest sin is not incivility, it is stupidity. Does the Bush administration love capitalism too much? But it is also possible to love capitalism too little. The greatness of capitalism, after all, is that it may be politically corrected. Was American power used improperly, or for ill, in Iraq? But it is also possible for American power to be used properly, and for good. Is the friendly opinion of the world a condition of American security? Often, but not always.  The incompetence of the Bush administration in world affairs, too much of which was ideologically ordained, does not alter the fact that the United States must sometimes deploy overwhelming force against extreme wickedness. It will be disastrous, for liberalism and for America, if the indignation against George W. Bush becomes an excuse for a great simplification, for a delirious release from the complexities of historical and political understanding that it took the American left decades to learn.   The good news is that the politics of Bush-hatred may be at odds with the culture of Bush-hatred. Neither John Kerry nor John Edwards appears to live in the universe in which "Checkpoint" was set or in the universe in which "Checkpoint" was written. Whatever the merit of their opposition to the Bush administration, the spirit of their opposition is not dark. They are not taking the radical bait. This is admirable not only on strategic grounds. When the Democratic candidate for president criticizes the conduct of the American war in Iraq but recognizes the catastrophic consequences of an American withdrawal, he is practicing the lost art of opposing two errors, two evils, at the same time. There are many good reasons to wish to be rid of George W. Bush, but there are no good reasons to wish to be rid of intelligence in our public life. 
     
    


	 
      Yahoo! News is a continually refreshing (in the computer sense) round-up of the big media news coverage of the world. Today, just now, its "Iraq slideshow" features 211 photos. These appear to be the cache of pictures sent out during the last three or so days on the worldwide newswires by AP, Reuters, and AFP.  So this is Iraq in pictures, as told to the world, by the "big three" of print media.  Seventy-six of the photos, by far the largest block of them, show "insurgents" in action. They run, they fire mortars, they pose with trophy American helmets (or else the same helmet passed around) and what are said to be captured American weapons (do our guys still use bazookas?). They flash the "V" for victory sign. They put AK-47s in the hands of their women and children and have them pose with a foot mounted on the brown U.S. helmet.  All three wire services ran more pictures of insurgents than of anything else from Iraq. The nature of the photos makes it clear that the photographers are embedded in the insurgency, up close and personal.  Now, if "embedding" was criticized when the U.S. military did it, because it implicitly aligned the reporters with the troops who protected them, and the authorities that granted them access to the front lines, is it OK now?  Ah, but what about the embeds on the side of our boys, eh?  Well, what about them? The number of pictures of U.S. soldiers and Marines in today's photo round up was 14. That's less than one-fifth the coverage devoted to the insurgents. And what were they doing? No smiles, no triumphant poses, no "V for victory" signs flashing. No posing with relics of their enemies. In most of the photos, the U.S. troops stood around, looking bewildered, at the site of some roadside bombing or mortar attack.  The photo wrap also includes some pictures of U.S. military equipment -- two of helicopters in flight, and four pictures of the same burning Humvee, from different angles (you have to read the captions to realize it's one vehicle, not four).  The pictures of U.S. vehicles, and many of those of the troops, are taken from a distance. As though the photographers were shooting from the other side.  Oh yes, I should have said there were 14 photos of  living  U.S. military men and women. There are five more pictures of dead ones -- including one photo of a montage that shows hundreds of faces of U.S. soldiers who have died in Iraq.  There are twenty pictures of politicians -- more of politicians than of U.S. troops. Including two of Teresa Heinz-Kerry. What she has to do with Iraq escapes me.  The "Iraq slideshow" also has three pictures of beefed up security in European cities. This, too, stikes me as deceptive; it implies the Islamist threats against Europe are part of "Iraq." But the fact is the threats pre-existed the Iraq invasion.  Iraqi civilians? They are the subject of 13 photos out of 211 in the "Iraq slideshow." All of them show people wounded in insurgent attacks or caught in crossfire except one, which shows a small protest against the Baghdad government's decision to temporarily expell the Al Jazeera staff.  So Iraqis shown in the news today are all either insurgents (the vast majority) or victims of violence. There are five dead U.S. soldiers to 14 live ones, and no dead insurgents. The grinning Shi'ite militias are flashing "victory," while the hapless U.S. forces stand stunned and watch their hardware burn.  That's the impression I got from the pictures.  The actual body count? From the print version of the same sources that produced this photo show? More than 360 dead militiamen in Najaf alone. Four dead Marines. It's another rout for the coalition. The violence, serious as it is, is contained in three southern cities and a large neighborhood of Baghdad. Millions of Iraqis never got within sight or sound of it.  Sometimes a few numbers are worth more than a thousand pictures.
     
    


	 
       urlLink  Scott Newstok   has an essay critiquing the oft-drawn connection between George W. Bush and Shakespeare's Prince Hal/Henry V. I actually hadn't heard that parallel made, but Newstok collects copious examples, and it doesn't surprise me that someone thought of it.  Part of his article deals with the tension between history and Shakespeare. No amount of historical justification of Richard III ever will remove the public image of the man from the crippled, murderous schemer that Shakespeare brilliantly created. Shakespeare didn't just twist history for the sake of the plot, the way a modern Hollywood filmmaker might. He was engaged in deliberate mythmaking. He was giving England a sense of itself -- and its contemporary ruling dynasty -- as something great, sceptred, God-ordained. King John stands up to the Pope. Henry V defeats the French. Richard II illustrates the Slippery slope of a flip-flopping king.  Who's to say how much of that was Shakespeare's awareness of what would happen to his theater company if he didn't do that, and how much was his own political philosophy?  So is it wrong to use him the way he used his sources? Because modern Americans have as much need of national myths as Elizabethan Englishmen. We need them because they tell us who we are and what we stand for, and that tempers a great power by giving it a moral purpose. "Morality" is a bad word to a lot of the people who bash Bush reflexively, because they concede morals to the right -- as though "morals" equal Bill Bennett's hectoring. But a power without a morality is a far more dangerous thing than a power that believes it has to live up to some high, self-set standard.  Newstok mentions George Washington. To me, he's the grand exemplar of this in American history. Say "actor-president" and people think Reagan, but Washington played a role so thoroughly, and so perfectly, that people still think he was that regal, noble Roman hero. When you read the accounts of him written by his intimate circle during the Revolution, you see the American man -- vain, hard-driving, hard-cussing, clever in a farmer's ways. And you realize what he did, transforming his life as a gift to the new nation, to offer it stability.  He reached back to another historical myth to ease the delicate transition from military revolution to civilian administration: Cincinnatus, the Roman hero who, during a crisis, reluctantly accepted the dictatorship for six months, defeated Rome's enemies in six weeks, then resigned and went back to his plow. Now regarded as almost surely mythical, Cincinnatus was a real hero to the founders. And when Washington resigned from public life in 1783 after the great victory and returned to Mount Vernon rather than mounting the throne of the new nation, he was the marvel of the world, and he was behaving quite deliberately on the classical model. His peers recognized it. Washington became head of an association of Revolutionary War veterans -- the equivalent of today's American Legion or VFW -- called the Society of the Cincinnati.   In some small details of protocol, he erred on the side of royalty. No harm done; Adams and Jefferson tilted the balance carefully back. The danger of having no dignity at the top, no noblesse oblige, was far greater, and Washington made sure we had enough noblesse to realize the oblige.  He knew this new country needed myths. The American equivalent of Shakespeare's English history plays are Parson Weems' Washington fables: the cherry tree and the silver dollar skipped across the Potomac. Like Athens, we were a nation born without myths, we were missing in the catalogue of ships, so we invented a Theseus to fill the bill.  That's also why I think the trail Newstok blazes into "Republicans secretly are aristocrats" is a wrong turn. He writes that Henry V, the British royal hero with the common touch, appeals to the modern Right because the modern Right has a secret fetish for "the reality of aristocracy smoothed over by the rhetoric of democracy."   "Given this early American history of infatuation with regal trappings, maybe we shouldn't be all that surprised that there are some today who would favor thinking of the Bush family as a kind of dynasty, and that these royalists are thus understandably elated by the resonances with King Henry's story."   This seems to overstate the complex balance of powers in the early republic. The miserable experience of trying to fight the Revolution under the decentralized U.S. government of 1776-1787 taught men like Hamilton and Washington the importance of having some weight and authority at the top. The political writings of Montesquieu and Polybius, and the example of the ancient republics, taught them the essential importance of having a "mixed government," including the importance of having an aristrocracy with real power, to block the mudslides of the masses. You need not posit a secret yearning for crowns and dicators to understand the role of executive power in American history.  Also, isn't it odd to use this battering ram against the Right's supposed longing for "hereditary aristocracy" without mention of the Kennedys, the Cuomos, the Jesse Jacksons ( père et fils )? I am not sure having a father who was run out of the White House is part of Bush's "advantageous familial circumstances during the 2000 campaign."   "What remains most galling about the loaded way in which the right insists upon the W/V connection is how deeply reactionary it is. The reductive reading of Shakespeare and the reductive reading of history are both lamentable, but perhaps inevitable in a sound-bite world."   But wait: what about Shakespeare's reductive reading of history? It seems to me that the "connection" of Bush's career to Shakespeare's play is genuine, in the sense that both attempt to turn history into national myth, with an eye to the interest of the current ruling party. If the modern pundits are invalidated, then so is Shakespeare. A lot of baby to throw out with the bathwater there. And I wonder where the anti-mythology of "Farenheit 9/11" fits in?  And I think it's borderline conspiracy theorizing to suggest that Bush backers are "using a cultural authority (Shakespeare) to bolster a political authority (the Bush regime) which, from its inception, has been short on, and even defiant of, the authority necessary to lead a democracy: the consent of the majority of the people."  I don't think the Henry V analogies are anything more than window dressing in the Dubya image. I haven't heard much of it; and I'd be surprised if it crops up at the GOP convention in anyone's speech. It's hardly a central pillar of his re-election program.  The suggestion that Bush's opponents hold up the historical Hal, a much more ambivalent character than Shakespeare's hero, every time Bush's friends make the comparison probably won't work. It misses the point of myth; it will only preach to the converted, and to the rest it will seem dreary balloon-popping.  I've spent more time than I care to recall trying to point out the falsehood of certain myths of word-origins. One of them (see below) is a supposed source of the sexual slur "faggot" that enshrines the male homosexual as a historical victim of persecution. I only can conclude that that is too important to let go of, for some people, even in the face of common sense and historical fact. I can tell you, no one will love you for it, and you won't put a dent in what it suits people to believe. People will invent or find new myths, not to hide from reality, but because to be human is to crave mythos as well as logos.  But I can certainly agree with the author in lamenting the passing of "a time, not so long ago, when politicians themselves actually read Henry V with some sophistication beyond crass self-promotion."  It seems to me the Bush-Hal connection works best on the level of the ne'er-do-well son who becomes a leader of men, which Newstok points out. Whether it's in the literal sense of his reformation from a youth described as "dissolute," or in the more figurative image of the hobbled and uncertain president of Sept. 11, 2001, gradually getting his footing and authority in the world. Though that version depends on your essential agreement with our present foreign policy.  I'd also be wary, in the current media milieu, of seeing a convergence of visions when a half dozen pundits reach for the same analogy to describe some news event. Could just as well be that they've all read the same one source that thought of it first, and borrowed the learned-sounding metaphor for their own talking-head performances without really thinking about it. I may be too cynical, but I'm almost inclined to favor that theory of the spread of the "Prince Hal in the White House" image.
     
    


	 
      The statements of suspects in the Madrid bombings have undercut the anti-war argument that al Qaida only attacks Western targets in response to specific grievances in the Islamic world. Planning for the Madrid attack began long before the Spanish agreed to help America end the dictatorship in Iraq. In fact, it began before the Sept. 11 attacks.  The latest round of terror warnings comes with a fresh dossier of information, some new, some old, that has been made public. And lo and behold, Britain, too, was scouted for Islamist terror targets long before the Iraq War.   urlLink  Melanie Phillips   sums it up:    It has been a constant appeasenik refrain that Britain would never have become an al Qaeda target had Tony Blair not gone poodling up to President Bush and allied Britain to the defence against terror. Yet it appears that this 'old', pre 9/11 reconnaisance activity included targets in Britain. If this is true, it is the first hard evidence that the targeting of Britain was nothing to do with the reaction to 9/11 -- because it was a target before that event took place.    
     
    


	 
       urlLink  "The falure by the Left to articulate an alternative vision of a post-September 11 world except in the negative has banished what should have been the most momentous public policy debate of the last 50 years into the outer dark. By declaring discussion of the transformation of the world illegitimate and then only belatedly presenting a Presidential candidate whose countervision consists of a "secret" but unstated plan, liberals have effectively left matters in the hands of President Bush. It is a staggeringly reactionary performance and a fundamentally unhealthy one. Because the one certain thing is that the antebellum world, the universe of September 10, can never be restored."  
     
    


	 
       urlLink  Barcepundit   has a piece on anti-war Europe's swooning enthusiasm for John Kerry.  "Europeans are following this election as never before because of this perception that it's also about Europe's future, though I dare to add that it is also partially because of the Iraq issue, which has inflamed the passions all over the place."   But he notes some leaders are waking up to the fact that Kerry will not run U.S. foreign policy dramatically differently from the way Bush does. The vision of a contrite America bowing to Chirac and Schroeder and doing penance at the U.N. is a fantasy.  Just maybe, too, the European elites have begun to realize that their open rooting for one candidate in an American election is going to be resented by a lot of U.S. voters, and is going to make that candidate's chances just a little longer. The old Soviet Union, back in the day, knew better than to say whether it preferred Kennedy or Nixon in the White House. If the Old European leadership doesn't realize it's regarded in vast swaths of America as little better than Khrushchev, it ought to ask around.  A Boston Globe article today suggests some of the disappointment that might be in store for "Farenheit 9/11" fans should Kerry win. Those who wish to believe the whole problem (as they see it) with America's foreign policy is Bush, should read on:   John F. Kerry for the first time Monday said he still would have voted to give President Bush the authority to go to war in Iraq, even if he had known in October 2002 that US intelligence was flawed, that Iraq did not have weapons of mass destruction, and that there was no connection between Saddam Hussein and the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks.   Bush had challenged the Democratic nominee Friday to tell voters whether intelligence revelations since the invasion of Iraq in March 2003 would have altered his position on the war. Kerry, in reply, distinguished between invading Iraq and authorizing the action. He said, "Yes, I would have voted for the authority. I believe it was the right authority for a president to have."  Kerry said Bush then used the authority inappropriately. But he said U.S. presidents need military leverage against an enemy. When pressed by reporters, Kerry has refused to call the Iraq war a mistake. He only says he would have waged the war differently and done a better job of it. In July he told reporters he would be prepared to use a pre-emptive strike -- to "get them before they get us" -- if there was sufficient intelligence. Of course, "sufficient intelligence" is a highly subjective thing, but if he's got his CIA director telling him there's a "slam dunk" case, I suspect he'd think the intelligence was approaching sufficiency.  He said he "will never allow any other country to veto what we need to do." Last week, Kerry said that if he had been president last year, he might have ended up going to war with Iraq as well.  Tough talk on the campaign trail? Probably, in part. But it's hard to believe he doesn't really mean much of that -- that, for instance, he would disavow all possibility of a unilateral U.S. attack on North Korea if he had strong (but not definite) intelligence that it's nuclear missiles were about to be commandeered by al Qaida.  I expect, too, that Kerry is smart enough to realize that Chirac and Schroeder were fanning the flames of their native anti-Americanism to save their flagging political careers. Beyond a cosmetic kiss-and-make-up, they have no interest in seeing it end. In France, in particular, knee-jerk obstructionism of American foreign policy has been a national institution, from the time of De Gaulle.  In fact, Kerry's "tough" foreign policy rhetoric is more convincing than his appeals to the anti-war fantasy about a quick U.S. exit from Iraq. Kerry has said that by the end of his first term he hopes to replace some U.S. troops with new military complements from European and Muslim nations. Recently, he's talked as though that deadline would be even sooner, perhaps next summer.  But all along, Kerry has said he would heed the recommendations of U.S. commanders about troop levels. "If the commanders asked for it, then you'd have to respond to what the commanders asked for," Kerry said. "But my goal, my diplomacy, my statesmanship, is to get our troops reduced in number ... over that period of time. Obviously we have to see how events unfold."  That sounds less like policy than pipe dream. He's already punting the decision to the generals, and pinning it to the qualification that things start to go really fantastically well in Iraq: he mentioned the country's stability, the "training and transformation" of the Iraqi national security force, and the country's ability to hold elections. That ends up being little different than Bush's stated policies.  As for those foreign troops who would replace U.S. men and women in Iraq, France and Germany are about as inclined to march into Iraq as they are to fly to the Moon, Kerry or no Kerry. Though France might want its lucrative oil contracts back, in exchange for a few police battalion.  Iraq's near neighbors in the Arab/Muslim world are mostly autocratic, and it is against their interest to see democracy thrive and succeed in their back yard. Turkey could do the job, but it has no desire to, and you'd have to march Turkish tanks through Kurdistan, which is a recipe for disaster. A columnist over at Asia Times has been calling for a Russian presence, but given the example of Chechnya, that's likely to be a catastrophe.  The fact is, no foreign leaders or top diplomats have openly offered to help Kerry achieve the partial withdrawal. The Los Angeles Times on Monday reported a survey it had made of officials around the world, and it reported "that Kerry's troop-swap plan was seen as unrealistic and that low public support in their nations for the Iraq war made it unlikely that they would change course if Kerry were elected." 
     
    


	 
      This is no longer news, but the discussion of it (see "comments" below) has brought up some interesting points.  Ask Americans today what Abraham Lincoln sounded like, and they'll probably imagine a stoic gravitas at the podium, and a deep, rolling bass voice worthy of James Earl Jones (who has narrated several Lincoln programs).  Surprise. Lincoln was a tenor who jumped up and down on stage while speaking. His presence was "uncouth" and "awkward," as even his intimates admitted. One of the common descriptions of his voice was "shrill." In one speech,   "Lincoln's voice was, when he first began speaking, shrill, squeaking, piping, unpleasant; his general look, his form, his pose, the color of his flesh, wrinkled and dry, his sensitiveness, and his momentary diffidence, everything seemed to be against him, but he soon recovered."   And that's from his friend, Billy Herndon.  When Lincoln spoke off the cuff, he often made trouble for himself, as when he told an Ohio crowd during the secession crisis that "there is nothing going wrong ... nothing that really hurts anybody." The press jumped all over him.  So after he became president, Lincoln made very few speeches (a mere 95 over four years, most of them brief and formal). He knew that he had a tendency to put his foot in his mouth, and that as president his every word was recorded. When the crowds called for an impromptu speech, Lincoln often declined, explaining, "Every word is so closely noted that it will not do to make trivial ones. If I were as I have been most of my life, I might perhaps talk amusing to you for half an hour, and it wouldn't hurt anybody."  "Abe is becoming more grave," a magazine correspondent wrote after the election. "He don't construct as many jokes as he did. He fears that he will get things mixed up if he don't look out."  One result of all this was that the Gettysburg Address was not recognized at the time of its delivery as a great work. Only a few men saw its worth. The conventional wisdom on Lincoln in 1863 was that he was not much of a speech-maker and a mediocrity as an orator. That's what people expected, so that's what they heard.  In the media age, George W. Bush doesn't have the luxury of avoiding comment, as Lincoln did.  The AP slug on the story was  BC-Bushism.  It moved at 12:28 p.m. EDT.   WASHINGTON (AP) — President Bush offered up a new entry for his catalog of "Bushisms" on Thursday, declaring that his administration will "never stop thinking about new ways to harm our country and our people."  Bush misspoke as he delivered a speech at the signing ceremony for a $417 billion defense spending bill.  "Our enemies are innovative and resourceful, and so are we," Bush said. "They never stop thinking about new ways to harm our country and our people, and neither do we."  No one in Bush's audience of military brass or Pentagon chiefs reacted.   But it was the AP's headline that really betrayed the bias, to me.  Bush insists his administration seeking 'new ways to harm our country.'   Reporters don't put the headlines on their stories. Editors, who decide what stories to move on the wire, do that. In this case, the reporter wrote about an apparent mis-statement. But the headline editor didn't. He or she offered no suggestion there that this wasn't what Bush meant to say. It was presented as a straight news headline. That's disingenuous, at best.  An hour later, AP moved a new version of the story, a "1st Ld-Writethru" (1:35 p.m. EDT). It was hardly a write-through in the usual sense of the word, and the lead wasn't changed at all. In fact, it only added another sentence from Bush's speech, after the very last paragraph. But it did change the headline:   Bush misspeaks, says his administration seeking 'new ways to harm our country'   Perhaps someone called attention to the AP's deceptive set-up of the story. But even after the AP jiggled its headline, many news outlets continued to run the AP story without mention in headlines that it was a "mis-speaking" event. NBC network channel affiliates ran it all day with the headline, "Bush Says He Seeks 'New Ways To Harm Our Country.' "  Cox News Service, meanwhile, sent out its own, bylined, version of the story, under the headine,  Bush says 'we' never stop thinking about new ways to harm our country   If you're really writing a story about  Bushism, shouldn't the headline say as much? But if your intent in running the story is to do as much harm as possible to this man, you'd probably write a headline that presents his actions in the most demaning light possible, and omit the key fact that this was not what he meant to say.  Frankly, I'm not even sure it was a mis-speak. I sometimes think about how I would break into my own house if I wanted to rob it. It doesn't mean I want to rob my house. It means I want to know where to put the locks, where to hang the outdoor lights, where my vulnerabilities are. "Our enemies are innovative and resourceful, and so are we. They never stop thinking about new ways to harm our country and our people, and neither do we," could be read (or heard) in the same spirit.  Meanwhile,  urlLink  Bob Herbert of the "New York Times"   has taken the comment one step further. It's not a "Bush-ism" any more, it's a "Freudian slip."   The pressure may be getting to Bush. He came up with a gem of a Freudian slip Thursday. At a signing ceremony for a $417 billion military spending bill, the president said: "Our enemies are innovative and resourceful, and so are we. They never stop thinking about new ways to harm our country and our people, and neither do we."    Freudian slip:  "a mistake made in speaking by which, it is thought, the speaker inadvertently reveals unconscious motives, desires, etc." [Webster's New World, 4th ed.] Herbert says he thinks the Bush administration really works deliberately and tirelessly to harm America. That's rhetoric unworthy of anything above Moveon.org.  Cox had the sense to add to its "Bushism" story a Kerry gaffe from the same cycle, which none of the other media reported.   Sunday in Michigan, apparently forgetting he was no longer in Ohio, Kerry voiced support for "Buckeye football." The Ohio State Buckeyes are the University of Michigan's top rival.  As the boos reminded him he was no longer in Buckeye country, Kerry declared Michigan "a powerhouse of a team."   Yeah, every politician does that at one time or another. So do rock stars. I once saw Evan Dando get up on a club stage looking like he'd just rolled out of bed, and say into the mike, "where am I?" He got about 20 different answers. I don't think he ever really found out.  It's no reason Kerry shouldn't be president. Kerry's response to being caught in a slip is hard to judge from this meager account. But it seems like he might have just erased it, said the right thing, and pretend it never happened. Bush, at least, is capable of self-depriciating humor.  But ask yourself, honestly: if Bush said something that indicated he didn't know what state he was in, would it be found only buried in a third-string news service's story?  In that ubiquitous Jib-Jab parody of the election, with Flash animation Bush and Kerry singing to the tune of "This Land is Your Land," Bush's verbal awkwardness is one of Kerry's main attacks, while the cartoon Bush mocks the cartoon Kerry for his "flip-flops."   But that's not quite right. The emphasis on Kerry's "flip-flops" comes from Bush, Cheney, Rove, et al. It's part of their political campaign, right or wrong, while the media debates whether having a candidate who never changes his mind is worse than having one who always does. But that debate is one step removed from the source of the meme.  The "Bush can't speak right" meme, by contrast, comes right from the media. The national Democratic Party doesn't have to sully its hands making fun of the man's colloquial pronunciations. The AP does it for them.  Which is more relevant to the election, Kerry's decision-making qualities or Bush's problems with grammar? After all, we already know we can survive four years of Bush's mangled English.
     
    


	 
        Here's an update from my friend, who has been in Iraq with a firm doing contracting work. To understand this, you have to realize that she's a 5-foot-nothing tall Georgia girl, 98 pounds soaking wet, deaf-mute from birth, but she loves music and loves to dance. If she blasts it loud enough she can feel it, and to a certain extent hear it. And she's a priestess in an ancient, pre-Christian European system of devotion.    Last night I probably had the coolest night I've had in Iraq to date. Thanks to a care package sent from the States courtesy 'o James, I've got a Sony walkman, and several batteries, and a few CDs.  Anyone who's ever been around me with a walkman knows that whatever I'm listening to, everyone's hearing. In this case, it was about 9 pm my time, one brand new exceptionally kooky Iraqi guard, eight Kurdish playboys, two Kurdish chicklets, two low level Iraqi official managers, one Kurdish policeman, two Turkish contract leadmen, and several workers from the water plant.  This starts with simple dinners being shared in the same place and several conversations I don't have a prayer of following, plus the bright idea to make a little fire with some spare scrap that's been lying around here for a couple of days from a delivery of equipment. My security (the new Iraqi guy) is a trainee. I've learned since two days ago that my security is all trainee at this point. They have guns. They have uniforms. I could probably kick their asses myself. Security is a mutual thing.  Now think of me, kind of thinking that as long as I can't read on faces what's being said most of the time, and that it's a rather cool night, and that I have new tracks to try out, it's okay for me to do so. Next thing I'm doing my thing, volume where it should be, (or I guess should say, has to be) and the beat being what it is, I proceed to dance, kick off my sandals, and enjoy the grass and my sense of style and rhythm.  Give it one minute and two Kurdish girls are working with me. We're the entertainment for a song. Then another. Then in the next, and remember, this is just from the sound coming from my headphones, we get two, then five, then nine of the guys dancing. By the fifth song, everyone is dancing. Think bad line dancing plus guys who can't dance all following hippie chick. After that it breaks down, obviously, and I loan out my tunes to one of the other girls, and for the next two hours people take turns wearing my walkman and dancing in groups.  All a good time. The best I've had here yet. The song that got everyone dancing? P.O.D.'s "Rock The Party (Off the Hook)" Muslims are raising the roof and learning to head bang to "Payable On Death" (an Xtian Ja band). They danced right through "Set Your Eyes To Zion", without evening giving a care, just like I do.  Nobody tried to kill me. Nobody tried to blow anybody up. Nobody preached. Everybody just had a good time. I had my machine gun laying on the ground fifteen or so feet away the whole time. No big deal. So did my soldier. So did the cop.   I taught dance moves. I learned a couple. I traded hair advice. I got clothes advice. I had a good time.  To the South, Jeff was advised to move back from his jobsite outside of Najaf. Not by the Marines, but by Iraqi officials.  It's easy to say move. It's harder to do it. The security that has worked on several of those jobs in the areas is being utilized by the Iraqis to bolster their forces. They're not trained for it, but they're moving into weak zones to catch Sadr's militia where it passes back and forth through coalition lines in the area. It's a nasty concept.  It's nasty, because these men are serious about their jobs. So are Sadr's militia about theirs. The thing is, this Iraqi security is tied to the community and has been for months now. It's a major point of stability, and everyone knows it. Hurt them, and it runs right back through the community, just like Jeff wrote in his recommendations many months ago.  Iraqi resolve is getting serious. Perhaps fierce. I dunno yet. I'm waiting for a spare plane to take me out of here, Shadi is still doing negotiations, and Jeff is back in the middle of chit. News here is about Al-Jazeera. People saying its wrong but necessary. The US couldn't have done it, but the new government isn't going to keep playing, and the Iraqis I know understand. Faces are being given to the enemies of Iraq, and for a change, those faces aren't American. (Sorry AP, you can't stop this.)  But here, I danced to music I just barely hear part of, the people around me mostly didn't understand, played by a band with a religious message that none of us actually follow, and yet we all had fun. We all did. No problems.  We're watching these guys mature a day at a time, living in the wild wild west. Allah be praised, God be kind, and Brighid be patient. 
     
    


	 
        By KRISTEN MACK Houston Chronicle  WASHINGTON — Trying to chip away at President Bush's advantage on national security issues, John Kerry said Thursday he would have jumped into action more quickly than President Bush did on Sept. 11, 2001.  The Democratic presidential nominee chided Bush for sitting quietly with a group of Florida elementary school students for seven minutes after learning that hijacked airplanes had struck the World Trade Center in New York.  "Had I been reading to children and had my top aide whispered in my ear that America is under attack, I would have told those kids very nicely and politely that the president of the United States has something that he needs to attend to," Kerry said.  The Massachusetts senator's remarks drew laughter and applause from about 5,000 journalists, mostly African-American, Hispanic, Asian-American and Native Americans who gathered in Washington for the Unity: Journalists of Color convention. Bush is scheduled to speak to the convention early today.   Rudy Giuliani shot back with the right political response from the other side: "John Kerry must be frustrated in his campaign if he is armchair quarterbacking based on cues from Michael Moore." A centerpiece of "Fahrenheit 9/11" is footage of the president remaining with the students instead of leaving immediately upon hearing of the second attack.   Rudy's brilliant, really: Maneuver the whole "seven minutes with the goat book" thing into Michael Moore territory and thus make it off-limits to Kerry, who is at pains to let it be known he did not see "F9/11" lest he validate MM's status as anti-war kingmaker.  But leave it to a blogger to ask -- and answer -- the really interesting question, "where exactly was John Kerry that morning when America was under attack, and what was he doing?"   urlLink  Redstate   got the goods.   In an interview with Larry King on CNN, July 8, 2004, Sen. Kerry was asked where he was the morning of September 11th. Here is part of his response:  Kerry: "... And as I came in [to a meeting in Sen. Daschle's office], Barbara Boxer and Harry Reid were standing there, and we watched the second plane come in to the building. And we shortly thereafter sat down at the table and then we just realized nobody could think, and then boom, right behind us, we saw the cloud of explosion at the Pentagon ...."  It should be noted that the second plane hit the World Trade Center at 9:03 a.m., and the plane hit the Pentagon at 9:43 a.m. By Kerry's own words, he and his fellow senators sat there for forty minutes, realizing "nobody could think."   In other words: Sen. Kerry, who criticized President Bush for not rushing out of the Florida classroom for seven minutes, sat paralyzed with his colleagues for a full forty minutes. He is hardly in a position to criticize President Bush for "inaction."    New media gets an essential leg of the story while dino-media is too brain-addled even to ask the question.  Some people want to give Kerry a by on this, because it wasn't a point he brought up on his own; he was answering a question. But many if not most of the quotes you read from Bush or Kerry or any politician are responses to specific questions. Perhaps it's misleading not to let people know that. But if you only quoted them on the topics they choose to speak on, you wouldn't learn much.  The fact is, he missed a great chance here to help his cause, by saying hindsight is 20-20, and what's important is what he plans to do, and taking the opportunity to distance himself from Michael Moore, who stalked the Demo Convention like Marley's ghost and who is odious to a lot of non-base voters who otherwise would be more open to supporting Kerry.
     
    


	 
      Islam divides things into pak (pure) and najis (unclean).  urlLink  Al Sistani's Web site   lists "ten things are essentially najis." They include blood, shit, piss, dead bodies, pigs, dogs -- and infidels (kafir). Even the tears of an infidel, if he eats pork, are unclean.  Islamic theologians debate who exactly is a "kafir," and especially whether the term applies to Christians and Jews. Sistani has a fairly humane interpretation of Islam. He believes Christians and Jews may be pak, not najis. Then again, they may not be. Because of the uncertainty, he advises, "it is better to avoid them." According to Sistani.org:   An infidel i.e. a person who does not believe in Allah and His Oneness, is najis. ... As regards the people of the Book (i.e. the Jews and the Christians) who do not accept the Prophethood of Prophet Muhammad bin Abdullah (Peace be upon him and his progeny), they are commonly considered najis, but it is not improbable that they are Pak. However, it is better to avoid them.  The entire body of a Kafir, including his hair and nails, and all liquid substances of his body, are najis.  If the parents, paternal grandmother and paternal grandfather of a minor child are all kafir, that child is najis, except when he is intelligent enough, and professes Islam. When, even one person from his parents or grandparents is a Muslim, the child is Pak.   If a Pak thing touches a najis thing and if either or both of them are so wet that the wetness of one reaches the other, the Pak thing will become najis.   As a polytheist, of course, I'm clearly najis. Could I be treated in a hospital if I fell sick in a land where this division of pure and impure was believed? Could I be permitted to use a public toilet? As I read Sistani's interpretation, if I shake hands with a Muslim, who is sweating, he becomes najis by his contact with me. And if he dries his hand on a towel, that towel, too, becomes najis. But if another Muslim with wet hands uses the towel, the najis is not communicated to him.  And remember, this is Al Sistani -- one of the sensible and least strident men in power positions in modern Islamic scholarship. He is one of the men we count on for stability in creating a secular society there.  And you wonder why I prefer secular liberal democracy to Islamist theocracy.
     
    


	 
      This Bush-ism from Wednesday was the topic of its own AP news story -- complete with photo illustration:    “Our enemies are innovative and resourceful, and so are we. They never stop thinking about new ways to harm our country and our people,  and neither do we. ”     A lovely howler, but you'd never know that Kerry had two of his own in the last two days. Today...    "We will add 40,000 active duty troops -– not in Iraq, but to strengthen American forces that are now overstretched, overextended, and under pressure.  We will double our special forces to conduct terrorist operations. "    ... and yesterday ...   “I believe I can fight a more effective, more thoughtful, more strategic, more proactive,  more sensitive war on terror  that reaches out to other nations and brings them to our side and lives up to American values in history.”    It's no big deal. I'm much more interested in hearing Kerry tell me what exactly he plans to do in Iraq than in counting up his tongue-slips. Just as I'm interested in hearing Bush outline what he plans to do about North Korea or Social Security. On the other hand, while I am sure Kerry meant to say "conduct counter-terror operations" today, yesterday he actually may have meant that he plans to fight a "sensitive war" against al Qaida, and I'd like to know what that means. We will destroy you, but we'll respect you in the morning?  When you're a candidate for leader of the world's only hyperpower, you're talking from the minute you wake up till the minute you turn out the light at night, and the microphones are turned on you every second of the way. Stupid things are going to come out of your mouth.  Bush' mis-speaking is a meme now. Like Gerald Ford's clumsiness in the '70s. He banged his head on a helicopter once, sliced a golf ball once, and, with the help of "Saturday Night Live," got enshrined in the popular mind as "the Bumbling President." Never mind that, as a former football linebacker, he probably was the most athletic president since Teddy Roosevelt.  But, when "I'm With Stupid" is an unofficial campaign slogan of the Democrats, the disparity in media coverage of candidate tongue-slips becomes a form of bias.   urlLink  Pardon My English   wonders, "So, why is it news when Bush fumbles a word, or what have you, but Kerry 'the intellectual' does the same thing and gets a slide? I almost mentioned this the night of the speech, but didn’t, because WHO CARES?? We all misspeak from time to time. I don’t think anyone believes that John Kerry wants to double our special forces to conduct terrorist operations, nor does Bush want to harm the United States."  I think I know who cares. In my newspaper newsroom, where magnified quotations from Michael Moore are pasted on colored construction paper and hung on the wall like motivational posters, the Bush quip has been the talk of the crew for two days now. Snicker, snicker. 
     
    


	 
      In yesterday's "Wall Street Journal" op-ed piece, Colin Powell pointed to the African Union plan for peacekeeping troops in Darfur as a sign of the international effort's success. But today, it turns out,  urlLink  that plan is much in doubt.      CAIRO, Aug 6 (Reuters) - The African Union has not told Sudan of any plan to deploy 2,000 African troops in Darfur and the government reserves the right to reject such a plan, a Sudanese minister said in an interview published on Friday.   The Sudanese government seems to have learned from Iran's nuclear tug-of-war that the best way to handle international "soft power" pressure is to play the cheat-and-retreat game. If your patient, you get everything you want in the end.   urlLink  Stanley Crouch in the New York Daily News   has a furious column today about the diplomatic dithering that allows the Sudan slaughter to continue.   With 1,000 people dying a day and Sudan's leaders rejecting demands from the UN to take action within 30 days, the gloom darkens. Sudan wants 90 days. After all, what are 60,000 lives?   Only numbers -- unless the U.S. decides to recognize those numbers as human beings whose need for protection from slaughter cannot be denied.   Like The Economist said on its cover, "Sudan Can't Wait." But Crouch scorns the White House, too, for taking the multilateral route in Sudan and trying to work through the U.N.   The Bush administration is also punking out. It is going along with the cowardice and immorality of the world at large because those advising it fail to understand that this is the time to take chances. Had President Bush gone into Sudan with the Army's new OTW (Operations Other Than War) unit last month, the world would have been caught off guard -- and the Democratic convention would have been overshadowed.   The cynicism that assumes America's foreign policies are shaped in equal parts by desire to stem genocide and desire to discomfort the Democrats is so general nowadays that it hardly raises objection.  Some might compare Sudan to Iraq and claim to see a double standard by the U.S., but how is this so? In Sudan, as in Iraq, the Americans first tried the U.N. system, in a vain bid to rally the international community via that flawed body and its toothless resolutions. No, the double standard is in the minds of those who want us to be unilateral and forceful to stop some murders, and not others.  I also don't understand Crouch's next bit:   There would, of course, be those screaming about infringing on Sudan's sovereignty. They would make it a matter of pride and unity for Muslims to stand behind that racist regime. That would be to the good, because it might push Muslims into reconsidering the shortcomings of Islamic tradition.    Any religious culture that embraced Saddam Hussein as a lion of the caliphate is not going to have second thoughts about Sudan. The "Arab Street" decried slaughter in Bosnia, Kosovo, Chechnya, and Palestine when non-Muslims killed Muslims. In Sudan, it's Arab Muslims murdering black Muslims, and the response is mostly a big shrug.  However, as Crouch does point out, there is heavy-duty hand-wringing going on at the more responsible Muslim Web sites, such as altmuslim.com, where Naeem Mohaiemen wrote a piece on it titled "The Muslim World's Shame."   "The Muslim world is sliding backward into medievalism, and it is time for reformers to speak openly and bravely. There is a cancer that is eating away at our soul -- a disease marked by paranoia, double standards and virulent racism."    I don't mean to besmirch this response; it's only "hand wringing" because there's not much more these well-intentioned people can do about it. I'll take hand wringing any day over silent complicity (or dancing in the streets and passing out confectionary treats in celebration).  Meanwhile, we found out today what the U.N.  is  good at:  urlLink  releasing scathing reports  .   GENEVA (Reuters) - A U.N. investigator said Friday the Sudanese government was largely to blame for a humanitarian disaster in Darfur and its responsibility for large numbers of killings in the region was beyond doubt.   Investigator Asma Jahangir, a Pakistani lawyer, said a June visit to Darfur found overwhelming evidence government forces and militia they backed had executed large numbers of civilians.    Her report says, among other things, "It is beyond doubt that the government of the Sudan is responsible for extrajudicial and summary executions of large numbers of people over the last several months in the Darfur region." She says it is "very likely that many will die in the months to come as a result of starvation and disease." "... I have to conclude that there is overwhelming evidence that extrajudicial killings of civilians in Darfur have been carried out, with some exceptions, in a coordinated manner by the armed forces of the government and government-backed militias."  And the U.N.'s way of dealing with this? To work with  the same government  to set up a timetable and a plan for the government to set up "secure and safe" areas in Darfur. It's as if the U.N. learned nothing from the Bosnian "safe havens" that conveniently concentrated unarmed Muslims so the Serb militias could march in and kill them.  "It would then use police to provide secure routes to towns and villages and allow people access to water and food, as well as freedom to tend animals and work land," according to Reuters.  Great idea. Take the armed authority figures who have been committing genocide, and put them in charge of the people they have been trying to kill. Could any entity but the U.N. have conceived a plan so perfectly brain-dead?  Marc Lacey in  urlLink  The New York Times   has a good piece today titled "Sudanese Suffer as Militias Hide in Plain Sight," which exposes the Khartoum government's duplicity and .   Sudan's government lined up 50 prisoners at the main jail here recently and offered them as evidence to the world that it was cracking down on the militias that have stained so much of the desert sand of Darfur, the country's western region, with blood.  But when the men spoke and when their court files were reviewed, it quickly became clear that many of them were not members of the militias, which have displaced a million villagers in the last year and a half and killed tens of thousands in what the United States Congress calls a genocide.   Among the group were petty criminals who had already been in jail as long as four years. One man's charge was drinking wine in a country that forbids it.    But the article also reveals just how difficult it would be for the Sudanese government now to stop the bloodbath, even if it wanted to.   Janjaweed is a fluid identity, and diplomats here say the government has exploited the ambiguity. First it armed the militias, rallied them and set them loose in Darfur. Then it gave many of the same men uniforms and declared them upholders of the law. Sometimes the Janjaweed have served as law enforcement officers by day and reverted to pillaging at night.  "If you sent 200 soldiers out to get the Janjaweed, maybe 50 of them would probably be Janjaweed themselves," said Osman Mirghani, a prominent columnist for the Sudanese newspaper Al Rayaam who has written frequently and frankly about the conflict in Darfur, sometimes incurring the wrath of the government.   "A Janjaweed is a Janjaweed when he is on his horse with his gun, going to burn and kill," Mr. Mirghani said. "But when he comes back to his village and hides his gun he is no different than anyone else. Maybe he's a policeman during the day and a Janjaweed at night."   
     
    


	 
      Soon enough we're going to start reading and hearing the presidential election of 2004 compared to other war-time elections. And this will reveal the deep rift in modern America in yet another way.  To those who think the "War on Terror" is a sham, or else think the war is genuine but the attack on Saddam was a bad wrong turn in it, Bush will be compared to Truman in 1952 and Johnson in 1968.  To those who think the War on Terror is a real and dangerous fight, and Iraq is a crucial battleground, whether it was necessary or not, the look-back will be to Lincoln in 1864 and Roosevelt in 1944.  Some comparisons will jump out: Lincoln, with meager military experience and a less-than-majority victory four years before vs. a man of solid military attainments in George McClellan. Yet Kerry has nowhere near the status among the active soldiers that McClellan had. Like McClellan, Kerry will emphasize the military leadership blunders of the incumbent, and emphasize a diplomatic solution to an ongoing war that seems to have no end in sight.  In 1864, the Republicans carried the vote of the soldiers, many of whom received a furlough to go home for voting. Other soldiers received their ballot in the field at makeshift polling stations. The military vote wasn't much debated at that time because both candidates presumed they would secure the soldier vote.   The 1944 vote was less dramatic. The outcome never was in doubt. If anything, it illustrats how far politics and political reporting have come from what they were. Imagine the media treatment today: Mistakes had been made on a colossal scale, botched camaigns killed tens of thousands of American men, and dark mutterings were afoot about the Pearl Harbor "surprise."  The Republicans, running New York Gov. Thomas E. Dewey, wisely avoided that divisive tactic. They did try to portray the president as soft on communism. As it turns out, there was some truth to this, but it took a generation to reveal it. [The road to McCarthyism began with Roosevelt's deliberately turning a blind eye to Soviet spying in a bid to win the trust of the Russians.] The GOP also pressed the issue of Roosevelt's extended term in office, and suggested he sought to be a dictator. But neither of these issued found much traction with the voters.  Dewey and his party also took up the only really legitimate tack they had: calling attention to Roosevelt's failing health. But the press in that day generally respected elected officials, and the reporters loved Roosevelt, who treated them well. For more than a decade they had been actively involved in the conspiracy to hide his handicap from the public. When 1944 came along, reporters and editors failed to distinguish between Roosevelt's lifelong handicap and the president's genuinely deteriorating physical condition.  The president stayed off the campaign trail in the early going, however, and the Republican stories about his health got louder. Roosevelt then put them to rest by hitting the trail hard and emphasizing his experience (which Dewey obviously couldn't match). The newspapers emphasized Roosevelt's vigor on the campaign trail, and the "Roosevelt is dying" stories died down.  The press failed to really inquire into the president's condition. In fact, Roosevelt was dying, and the final campaign push probably hastened his end. He won the election handily and died six month later.  But  urlLink  Timothy Perry   and  urlLink  Michael Rosen   think this year's election bears comparison to the campaign of 1904.
     
    


	 
      Another voice from the battlefield; this one from a leader in the Battle for Baghdad. He gives  urlLink  his assessment of the battle (it was fiercer than we knew), the post-war (going better than we know), and the press that covers both.     On the night of April 6, 2003, Lt. Col. Stephen M. Twitty called his subordinate commanders together a few miles south of Baghdad. "Guys, this is it," the black 39-year-old from Chesnee, South Carolina told his officers. "We're going to take the fight into Baghdad. Some of us in this room may die, and that's okay. Just know it's for a good cause." He then offered up a short prayer and dismissed his commanders.   The following morning, Twitty's unit, Task Force 3-15 (3rd Battalion, 15th Infantry Regiment) of the Army's 3rd Infantry Division began an epic eight-hour struggle to race up the primary highway into Baghdad, seize and hold three key intersections along the way, and then keep the road open for follow-on American forces.  "It was one hell of a fight," Twitty told National Review Online earlier this week. "A lot of people back here in the states seem to marvel at how Baghdad fell without putting up much of a fight. I don't get angry when I hear that, but it bothers me when I think of the soldiers killed and wounded and the work we did during that eight hours of continuous, high-intensity fighting to get that thing under control."  Intense indeed: The soldiers of Task Force 3-15 often found themselves outnumbered by enemy troops which included members of Saddam Hussein's vaunted Republican Guard, Fedayeen militia, and foreign fighters. The enemy was stubborn, often suicidal on the attack, and at various times during the fighting, the Americans found themselves to be perilously low on ammunition. Not that there wasn't enough ammunition to go around, but U.S. forces were advancing so fast and far beyond their supply lines that soldiers and ammo moving up from the rear were often slowed by running battles and rear-guard actions with enemy forces that had not yet been destroyed.   Twitty said the correspondents missed the intensity of the fight, because it was too hot to get close to unless you were in the shooting business. By the time the embeds could lift their heads safely, it was over.   Twitty adds that he has a great deal of respect for combat correspondents, and that much of the reporting during the offensive combat phase of the war was in fact solid, because embedded journalists were traveling with the troops, eating the same food, sleeping in the same holes, dodging the same bullets. "They saw the good and the bad and they usually reported both," says Twitty.   Today, with the occupation phase of the war being conducted, journalists are still near front-line units, but few are actually embedded with the troops. And according to Twitty, only select events are covered, and rarely are they the positive stories.  "The news lacks balance, because you have the media staying in comfortable places like the Palestine Hotel," says Twitty. "They're no longer ducking for cover. They're only coming out and getting snapshots of incidents. They rarely see and almost never report the good things. And there are American soldiers out there doing great things for the Iraqis, every single day. They are interacting with children, vaccinating people, delivering supplies, building hospitals, schools, and athletic fields. The Iraqi standard of living is rising, but the media doesn't report that. What they report are the suicide bombings, RPG attacks, and beheadings."   Twitty concedes it is not exciting to see a group of soldiers carrying textbooks into a school building, but it is exciting to see something blow-up. "Don't get me wrong, the ugly stuff needs to be reported, but so does the good," he says.  Unbalanced reporting, Twitty fears, may eventually begin to erode troop morale.  "Currently, morale among the troops is extremely high," he says. "A number of factors contribute to that, not the least of which is the progress they see being made everyday. What troubles the soldier is when he or she reads newspapers from home, and sees that only the bad news is being published. They see news that makes the situation look as if America is a hated, bungling occupier and the country is on the verge of collapse. That's just not so, and the soldiers on the ground know it's not so."  Asked if the Iraqis have welcomed the Americans with open arms, Twitty is quick to say, "without a doubt. The vast majority of the Iraqi people are glad we are there. They want to be safe and secure. When we go into an area, they are often all over us. It is only a minority — guerillas and foreign fighters — who do not want us there."  Is the war in Iraq part of the overall global war on terror, or a separate conflict? Twitty argues both are inextricably connected. "Look, I'm not a politician, but I know what I've seen," he says. "For me personally, regardless of whether or not Saddam Hussein had weapons of mass destruction, he did have plenty of torture chambers and mass gravesites. That's terrorism. The Iraqis are thankful we are there to eradicate it, and America and the world is safer for that."   
     
    


	 
      Last week I posted about  urlLink  My newspaper's "People Poll,"   an informal call-in poll that runs every Friday on the editorial page. The editors had framed one asking, multiple choice style, what was the most important issue in the upcoming presidential election. And, though it mentioned "foreign policy," it made no reference to the War on Terrorism. I pointed this out to them.  I just went back tonight to check the results, out of curiosity. And lo and behold, they took my suggestion and changed the "foreign policy" item to "war on terrorism."  And "war on terrorism" won. With six items to choose from, more than a third of the callers picked that as the most important issue.  Now this is a totally unscientific poll, as I pointed out. But it's an interesting result: this is a very conservative, Republican corner of Pennsylvania. If three out of every four Republicans here were kidnapped by aliens on the eve of the next election, the Republican still would win.  But we're the "Democratic" paper in this community. Our readers are more likely to be weighted toward the Independent and Democratic voters than our community as a whole.  Here are the results (and I see that I misstated the choices somewhat, in my earlier post, quoting them from memory):  war on terrorism 37.5% economic policy 28.2% health care 21.5% abortion 5.8% environmental policy 4.4% party affiliation 2.6%
     
    


	 
      Compare this (from CNN) ...    Clashes between police and insurgents in the northern city of Mosul left 12 Iraqis dead and 26 wounded, hospital and police sources said Wednesday.  Rifle and rocket-propelled grenade fire as well as explosions were heard in the streets of the city.  The provincial governor imposed a curfew that began at 3 p.m. local time (7 a.m. EDT), and two hours later, provincial forces, police and Iraqi National Guard took control, according to Hazem Gelawi, head of the governor's press office in the Nineveh province.  Gelawi said the city is stable and expects the curfew to be lifted Thursday.    ... With  urlLink  this   gripping bit of pure reporting from someone who was in the thick of hell that day.   We were driving there on that main street, when all of the sudden all hell came down all around on us, all these guys wearing all black (Black pants, and a black t-shirts tucked in), a couple dozen on each side of the street, on rooftops, alleys, edge of buildings, out of windows, everywhere just came out of fucking nowhere and started firing RPG's and AK47's at us.  I freaked the fuck out and ducked down in the hatch. I yelled "WE GOT FUCKIN HAJI'S ALL OVER THE FUCKIN PLACE!!! THERE ALL OVER GOD DAMNIT!!!" Bullets were pinging off our armor all over our vehicle, and you could hear multiple RPG's being fired and flying through the air and impacting all around us. All sorts of crazy insane Hollywood explosions bullshit going on all around us. I've never felt fear like this. I was like, this is it, I'm going to die. I cannot put into words how scared I was. The vehicle in front of us got hit 3 times by RPG's. I kind of lost it and I was yelling and screaming all sorts of things. (mostly cuss words) I fired the .50 cal over the place, shooting everything. My driver was helping me out and pointing out targets to me over the radio. He helped me a lot that day.   And after they got through it, they got orders to go right back through it again, the other direction.   Again, I fired and fired and fired and fired and fired. At everything. We were taking fire from all over. I was just 360ing the 50 cal and shooting at everything. We were taking fire from all over, and every single one of us had our guns blazing. At one time I saw a dog try to run across the street, and somebody shot it. Again, at one time I had the 50 cal traversed and pointing all the way back of the vehicle and I was firing at some guys who were shooting at us up on a rooftop, and I didn't know I was shooting right above the guys heads who were in the back airguard hatchs on our vehicle. My roommate (Sgt from Idaho) tapped my arm, which startled the hell out of me and I quickly jerked back and looked at him and he yelled, "Hey!! Get that gun to the 12!!! Let that one go!! Your doing good!!!" He later told me, when he tapped me on the shoulder, and I jerked back to look at him, I had this crazed look in my eyes that kind of freaked him out.   Somebody save this for the history books. I've read soldiers' letters from as far back as the Civil War, and that's the way they read when they get into battle and write about what it really was like. No orderly statistical stack, no beginning-middle-end clarity. No passive voice. It's not a news story. It's shit and sweat and fear and a rain of shells and you don't know how you got out of it with your ass in one piece.  You won't get that on CNN. You can get it straight from the source, online. This is the future; everyone is his own reporter.
     
    


	 
      The rhetoric of those who would keep America divided by race runs flat into the wall of facts. Blacks still face special problems in many parts of America, but the statistics show that, financially, during the presidencies of Bill Clinton and the two George Bushes, their power has grown faster than that of whites. In America, money really is the key to opportunity; this must be good news to everyone except those who make their meat off keeping alive the impression that blacks can never succeed in a white-majority nation without rallying behind demagogues.   urlLink  The Multicultural Economy, 1990-2009   is a report by The Selig Center for Economic Growth at Terry College of Business, The University of Georgia. It was released in May 2004.  The Selig Center’s estimates and projections of buying power since 1990 show that blacks and other minorities in the U.S. "wield formidable economic clout" and have been increasing their "buying power" in the consumer market. [Buying power is the total personal income of residents that is available, after taxes, for spending on goods and services.]  In current dollars (not adjusted for inflation), The Selig Center projects that the nation’s total buying power has risen from $4.3 trillion in 1990 to $8.6 trillion in 2004.  In 2009, the center projects, "the combined buying power of African Americans, Asians, and Native Americans will be more than triple its 1990 level of $456 billion, and will exceed $1.5 trillion, a gain of $1.1 trillion or 242 percent. ... All of these target markets will grow much faster than the white market, where buying power will increase by only 140 percent. ... The combined buying power of these three minority racial groups will account for 14.1 percent of the nation’s total buying power in 2009, up from 10.7 percent in 1990."  The Selig Center projects that the nation’s black buying power rose from $318 billion in 1990 to $723 billion in 2004. In 2009, the report projects, the nation’s share of total buying power that is black will be 8.7 percent, up from 7.4 percent in 1990. In its analysis, the report shows that, "The gains in black buying power reflect much more than just population growth and inflation."  As for the Deep South, where some people would tell us the barriers to black achievement remain as high as the CSA design elements on flags fluttering over state capitols, well, the rate of growth of black buying power from 1990 to 2004 in Georgia was 206 percent. That's almost double the national rate. 
     
    


	 
      Dean, Cheney, Lieberman, Ridge, the tug-of-war over the latest terror warning continues. Yes, much of the data is three or four years old. But a hallmark of al Qaida-backed operations is meticulous planning and patience. They take years to incubate. Al Qaida went after the WTC in '93 and failed to bring it down. So they studied and re-planned and eight years later they tried it again, and succeeded.  And, as some people have pointed out, you can't have it both ways: You can't damn the government for not connecting the dots before 9-11, then damn them now for playing politics when they warn us that the dots appear to be converging again.  Timing? Right after the Democratic Convention, to deflate John Kerry's mojo? Name me a week in the past year when Bush wasn't tangled in bad news and you could have released a terror attack warning without sparking the response that it was just a smoke screen to "deflect attention" in some way.  How to put the terror alert system above the reflexive suspicion of political chicanery? You'd need a national security czar who is appointed like Supreme Court justices, for life, and untouchable save by impeachment. You'd have to re-write the constitution and literally create a fourth branch of government.  Meanwhile,  urlLink  Connecting the Dots,   by Valdis Krebs, is a fascinating illustration of how it might have worked, based on "Social Network Analysis," a mathematical method for mapping and measuring complex human groups and organizations.  His starting point is early in 2000, when the CIA learned that Nawaf Alhazmi and Khalid Almihdhar, two terrorist suspects living in Los Angeles and linked to al-Qaeda, had been photographed attending a meeting of known terrorists in Malaysia.   All 19 [Sept. 11] hijackers were within 2 degrees of separation of the two original suspects uncovered in 2000!  Social network metrics reveal Mohammed Atta emerging as the local leader.   With hindsight, we have now mapped enough of the 9-11 conspiracy to stop it. Again, the investigators are never sure they have uncovered enough information while they are in the process of uncloaking the covert organization. They also have to contend with superfluous data. This data was gathered after the event, so the investigators knew exactly what to look for. Before an event it is not so easy.   
     
    


	 
      AP is reporting that Charlie Daniels, the man working hardest in show biz to turn "one-hit wonder" status into a lifetime career, is "drawing heat from Arab-Americans" over a song he's written.  The most important part of that sentence is, "AP is reporting." He's already won. He got his name back in the headlines. Normally, it might take something like a stint in rehab or a warrant signed by an estranged wife to do that. This is practically a free ride.  The song is called "This Ain't No Rag, It's a Flag." It begins:     "This ain't no rag, it's a flag and we don't wear it on our heads. It's a symbol of the land where the good guys live. Are you listening to what I said?"     The "rag-head" connection is impossible to miss. As a matter of fact, if you have been around Harley riders lately, we  do  wear it on our heads. The site I got this picture from lists this as one of their top sellers. He's obviously talking about something else there.  In fact, the song's been around for a while. It's just that Daniels is slated to play Saturday at a municipal-sponsored festival in Dearborn, Michigan, home to America's largest Arab-American community.  Daniels' explanation is fairly lame:   "It's not anti-Arab or anti-anything. The only thing it's `anti' is the people who bombed us on 9/11. I have people who say you're putting down people who wear turbans. I'm not. There are good Arabs and bad Arabs, good Greeks and bad Greeks, good people and bad people in any race. I'm not a racist person. I came up during the old Jim Crow days. I know what racism is."    Yes, of course, it would be nice if many groups like the American-Arab Anti-Discrimination Committee were as vocal about radical preaching in mosques as they are about a 67-year-old country boy's third-rate tunesmithing.  But if more of us on "this side" of the current political debate stood up and called out people on stuff like this, maybe they wouldn't have to. Be proud of your country. Be stirred by the sight of your flag. Be angry at its enemies. But remember, that flag is what we all stand under, Arab-Americans included.  And Sikhs, and a variety of non-Arabs and non-Muslims from desert regions of the world whose traditional headgear involves wrapped cloth. Don't desecrate that flag by using it to throttle the first person who looks like what you imagine your enemy to be.  
     
    


	 
      Conservative columnist  urlLink  Michelle Malkin's   new book takes a revisionist look at the internment of Japanese-Americans during World War II. Needless to say, the book is highly contrversial, both for its attempt to shake an anti-American shibboleth, and because -- Malkin being a political writer -- it is as much concerned with modern-day issues such as immigration restriction and racial profiling of Arabs.  I haven't read the book; I plan to soon. (First I have to finish "Hamilton," which is a great read but is beginning to irritate me because of little historical fact-slips that I keep encountering: for instance Chernow seems to think the British 1777 campaign against Philadelphia disembarked in the Delaware Bay, not the Chesapeake.)  On the one hand, I roll my eyes when I see history taken up as a weapon in a current events debate. It's like watching a Jackie Chan streetfight in an archaeology museum. Circumstances always are too different to allow realistic comparison, and it's usually the history that ends up twisted and bruised, while no one's mind gets changed about the current events.  But on the other hand, I'm glad to see this one brought around for a fresh look -- even though, as with Ann Coulter's bid to re-animate the reputation of Senator McCarthy, I wish it had been done first in a pure historical context rather than as polemics.  So until I can read the book, I'm following a fascinating debate on its historical merits on some of the "conservative" Web sites I favor. UNC law professor Eric Muller has a series of critical posts about Malkin's book  urlLink  here.   Malkin, though tending a sick child,  urlLink  has begun to write in response.   It's aggressive, fact-filled, dignified stuff. In case you think someone just said, "round up all the Japs and throw away the key," there's a rich story here of Roosevelt's dilemmas, cloak-and-dagger spying, Japanese imperial culture, and state's rights vs. federalism.  One of the reasons I feel more comfortable now in the company of thinking-people who are considered "right wing" is that they are, in my experience, more capable of examining an argument structurally, logically, and also willing and able to plunge into the stacks and go do some real historical research to see if it stands up,  even if it is an argument from someone they essentially agree with.   I'd compare that favorably to the left's embrace of the Michael Moore carny show: "warts and all, he's one of us, and that's what matters most."  I'd compare it as well to the typical thinking-person liberal  urlLink reaction to Malkin's book.      Michelle has written a new book which explains why interning the Japanese was such a great idea (I'm guessing it also advocates internment camps in present-day America for Arabs, foreigners, and people of color). Thanks to Jim for alerting us to Michelle's book.  We'll review it in a day or two. You know, after we think of enough snarky things to say about the publisher's description and the cover.    And that was on the thoughtful side of the spectrum. On the less-thoughtful side are reactions  urlLink  like this:     This woman's parents are immigrants from the Philippines and she does nothing but badmouth immigrants and liberals alike.  I really think the bitch looks in the mirror and imagines that she is a blonde WASP. ... If it was up to these neo-cons that she loves so much, she would be working in a massage parlor, a sneaker factory or a whorehouse someplace ("Five dollar, me make you holler; ten dollar, me love you long time!").  She is an Asian Condi Rice, only not as intelligent. Like Ann Coulter, she is SO full of herself, it's pathetic. I feel sorry for her children.    Yikes. And that kind of stuff goes on a good deal on leftist sites. If you want to watch someone called a "race traitor" or some outspoken woman put down as a "whore," go find a message board full of self-proclaimed "liberals." If you want to understand why I still consider myself true to my liberal upbringing, yet now find myself aligned against such people, take a look at which side is dealing with the argument and the book, and which side just gets off on ridiculing a young Asian-American woman.  When I was fighting most of my fights on the left side, I argued -- pleaded -- with my liberal friends to study history. I was reading lies and distortions from the "Christian America" cult, about what the Founders said and intended, and they all went unanswered because, it seemed, liberal and secular people had no interest in claiming the past. They had conceded it to the enemy.  Robert Byrd is a rare example of a liberal/Democrat leader who can talk and write authoritatively about history across a broad band. Of course, his background is rather atypical for his party. To many people on his side of the aisle, history is an embarrassment, the dark night that a progressive mind seeks to lead the world out of. American history in particular, to a modern politically liberal mind, can look like a sewer of racism, Indian-slaughtering, commie-hating, anti-foreigner bigotry, naked greed, sexism, slash-and-burn eco-cide, homophobia and all things il-liberal.   urlLink [Paradoxically, academic historians these days tend to be strongly left-leaning; but that's another post.]   The great voices of religious freedom and secular authority -- Jefferson, Madison -- are tainted in modern eyes by being slaveowners. One of the most liberal books ever written, "Huck Finn," gets banned by liberals because of the N-word.  I don't think I'm exaggerating the right-left divergence here. People who think strength of will and debating to win are honorable skills do not also tend to be pacifists and consensus-seekers. People who don't make a habit of intellectual combat training don't know how to react to something forcefully argued, but which they sense to be wrong. In that case, an ad hominem attack is the easy route to venting your frustration with what you can't force to be silent.   * * *   As for the internments, when I was in high school in the 1970s, studying 20th century history, some of my peers used the example of the Japanese-American internments to make the point that the U.S. was "no better than Nazi Germany." They weren't right-wingers or neo-Nazis (most of my classmates were Jewish, in fact), but that was the reflexive sort of anti-Americanism you got if you were around young people in the immediate post-Vietnam War era. At least it was so where I grew up, in the wealthy suburbs.  But even then, when I was a Reagan-hating wanna-be hippie, I had sense enough to know that this was nonsense. People came out of the U.S. internment camps alive, reasonably well-fed, and often with children they didn't have when they went in. People came out of Buchenwald piled like garbage on flatbeds.  I've heard it argued that the Japanese-American internment was obviously a mistake because no Japanese ever helped Tojo invade America, and many were eager to fight for their adopted homeland. Many were eager to fight, that is true. But it's also true that we never got a chance to find out how many others would have reacted to a Japanese invasion of the West Coast, because none ever took place. (Except in the Philip K. Dick parallel universe, of course.).  That doesn't mean the internment camps were a good idea or that I wish to defend their use in World War II America. But when you think about decision-making in history, the first thing you have to do is step back and  forget that you know how it's all going to turn out.  Then you can judge Roosevelt, or any man or woman from the past. Lincoln doesn't know it's going to turn into an epic fight to end slavery and free the blacks when he maneuvers the North and South into a shooting war. Roosevelt doesn't know that the Japanese are never going to mount an invasion of California.  
     
    


	 
       urlLink  MEMRI   has translated this "Letter" to the wife of Paul Johnson -- the American beheaded in June in Saudi Arabia-- purportedly written by the wife of an Islamist terrorist who was killed by security forces in Saudi Arabia. There's some confusion here, because though the text identifies her as "the wife of a martyr," the signature is "By the Mother of the Martyr."  The original appeared in Sawt al-Jihad ("Voice of Jihad"), an al Qaida-linked publication, under the title, "A Letter to the Wife of the Slain Pagan Paul Johnson from the Wife of One of the Martyrs." It's not explained when or where the woman's husband was killed.  Johnson's wife is not some caricature of American evil. She is a dark-skinned woman named Thanom. She is a Thai citizen. She wears a headscarf in public. During the crisis of his captivity, her published statements were words such as, "When I see pictures of my husband, I hurt so much, I fall to the floor. He is sick man, he need medicine. He hasn't done anything wrong."  When the "wife of a martyr" stops ranting and insulting this helpless woman, and tries to make a point, her point is that Johnson deserved to die, he was "one of the greatest criminals indeed" because he worked on Apache helicopters (she calls them "airplanes"), which are used by the U.S. military in Iraq and Afghanistan, the Israelis, and by the Saudi security forces.  Here are some delightful excerpts:    "I have heard that you appeared on television feigning innocence and wondering haughtily what was your husband's sin and what was his crime. I believe you are not ignorant of the fact that he was one of the greatest criminals indeed, although he is not considered that according to your standards, you infidels."    She rails against the world, for showing concern over Johnson's case but, so she says, not speaking up to that degree about the Guantanamo detentions. Aside from the fact that no one has been killed in Guantanamo, and that there is a legal process in place for either trying or releasing the detainees there, she obviously hasn't been following the worldwide outcry over American "war crimes."    "When your husband was taken hostage, there was much talk and the world was shaken. However, these same people did not speak half as much when America, the so-called country of justice and liberty, has been detaining more than 600 Muslims in Cuba for the past three years. That is besides our prisoners in Iraq, Pakistan, the land of the Two Sacred Mosques [Saudi Arabia], Jordan, and other places.   You should know that our brethren whom you detain in your prisons and our brethren whom your husband used to burn with his helicopters are not alone. Rather, there are hearts pounding with love for them, just as you have demonstrated that you have loved your slain husband.  Nay, we love them more than you can imagine because the blood of a Muslim is for us more precious than the Ka'ba , but the blood of your husband is the blood of a dog because he is an idolatrous infidel. "  [Emphasis added]   Like bin Laden, she wants Americans to leave the Arabian peninsula. Some people read that and say, "well, that seems reasonable." But they never seem to read the whole quote. Like bin Laden, she wants the Americans to leave "lowly and humiliated." If they simply up and leave (and they have cleared out of Saudi Arabia pretty thoroughly), that doesn't answer the purpose. They have to be defeated so utterly that they know it unmistakably. And of course the U.S. military presence is an offense, not because it is military, but because it is American -- Judeo-Christian/secular, in a word, indifel. All that land is "off limits" to any of us.    "We are just getting started and the corpse of your husband shall be followed by mountains of corpses of his countrymen, until they leave the country of our Prophet, Allah's prayer and peace upon him, lowly and humiliated. How can you claim innocence for your husband, Allah's curse on him, while you have been hearing the warnings of the Mujahideen calling you to leave our country that is forbidden for you? You however shut your ears and went obstinately with your wrongdoing. This is your penalty. May you shed tears mixed with blood, just as we wept blood because of your airplanes and your troops."    She calls Johnson "the real terrorist," after informing us it was lucky for us that her husband, who presumably is not "the real terrorist," accomplished his purpose for us.    "When my husband was killed you certainly were not interested, nor did you know about it; and if you had known, you probably would have been pleased that he was killed before he reached your husband and his countrymen. However, I find solace in the fact that the Mujahideen were able to reach their target with precision, and they killed your husband by slaughtering him. By Allah, on that day I rejoiced a lot because the real terrorist was killed having been gorged with the blood of our Muslim children."     And, it can't be more clear than this:    "I don't know whether you know that we hate you, infidels, and we loathe you to the bone. ... Tell the government, which has appointed itself over us [i.e. the Saudi government], that what they do with our youth who are engaged in Jihad is good: If you kill them, you thereby send them to heaven in the shortest way, Allah willing; and if you let them stay alive, not having overcome them, that is fine for they will fight you and will force out the infidels form the land of Islam."    "Go ahead and kill us, we like it, and if you don't, we will kill you." Have it your way, then.
     
    


	 
         urlLink  The Free Muslim Coalition Against Terrorism is a nonprofit organization made up of American Muslims and Arabs of all backgrounds who feel that religious violence and terrorism have not been fully rejected by the Muslim community in the post 9-11 era.     The Coalition was created to eliminate broad base support for Islamic extremism and terrorism and to strengthen secular democratic institutions in the Middle East and the Muslim World by supporting Islamic reformation efforts.   The Coalition promotes a modern secular interpretation of Islam which is peace-loving, democracy-loving and compatible with other faiths and beliefs. The Coalition’s efforts are unique; it is the only mainstream American-Muslim organization willing to attack extremism and terrorism unambiguously. Unfortunately most other Muslim leaders believe that in terrorist organizations, the end justifies the means.    I don't recognize the names on the list provided at the Web site. So I can't give it unqualified support yet. I will try to discover more about them. But the tone, and the message, are exactly what I and some other people have been waiting for from North America's Muslim community. 
     
    


	 
      If you have a minute or two, go read this  urlLink  though-provoking piece from the New Yorker on Spain's situation vis a vis (literally) Islamic terrorism.   There are points to carp and quibble over in it, but a strand in it weaves into something I've been asking. Some people say al Qaida should be treated as a serious international entity with stated rational goals, and not as a set of mad bombers. They say Spain, or the Philippines, would have had no problem with Islamist terror if they had not made the mistake of doing the Americans' bidding in Iraq.  So what was April 2? Read on:   On April 2nd, two weeks after the election, a security guard for the ave, Spain’s high-speed train line, discovered a blue plastic bag beside the tracks forty miles south of Madrid. Inside the bag were twenty-six pounds of Goma-2. Four hundred and fifty feet of cable had been draped across the security fence and attached, incorrectly, to the detonator. Had the bomb gone off when the ave passed by — at a hundred and eighty m.p.h., carrying twelve hundred passengers — the results could have been far more catastrophic than those of March 11th. Spanish citizens asked themselves: If the bombings of March 11th had accomplished the goals set by Al Qaeda, what was the point of April 2nd?  ... Had the Madrid cell rested on its accomplishment after March 11th, Al Qaeda would properly be seen as an organization now being guided by political strategists — as an entity closer in spirit to ETA, with clear tactical objectives. April 2nd throws doubt on that perspective. There was little to be gained politically from striking an opponent who was complying with the stated demand: the government had agreed to withdraw troops from Iraq. If the point was merely humiliation or revenge, then April 2nd makes more sense; the terrorists wanted more blood, even if a second attack backfired politically. (The Socialists could hardly continue to follow the terrorist agenda with a thousand new corpses along the tracks.) April 2nd is comprehensible only if the real goal of the bombers was not Iraq but Spain, where the Islamic empire began its retreat five hundred years ago. “Spain is a target because we are the historic turning point,” [Gustavo de] Aristegui [a leader of the Popular Party] said. “After this, they are going to try to hit Rome, London, Paris, and the U.S. harder than they did before.”   And the conclusion:   One of the most sobering pieces of information to come out of the investigation of the March 11th bombings is that the planning for the attacks may have begun nearly a year before 9/11. In October, 2000, several of the suspects met in Istanbul with Amer Azizi, who had taken the nom de guerre Othman Al Andalusi—Othman of Al Andalus. Azizi later gave the conspirators permission to act in the name of Al Qaeda, although it is unclear whether he authorized money or other assistance — or, indeed, whether Al Qaeda had much support to offer. In June, Italian police released a surveillance tape of one of the alleged planners of the train bombings, an Egyptian housepainter named Rabei Osman Sayed Ahmed, who said that the operation “took me two and a half years.” Ahmed had served as an explosives expert in the Egyptian Army. It appears that some kind of attack would have happened even if Spain had not joined the Coalition — or if the invasion of Iraq had never occurred.  “The real problem of Spain for Al Qaeda is that we are a neighbor of Arab countries — Morocco and Algeria — and we are a model of economy, democracy, and secularism,” Florentino Portero, a political analyst at the Grupo de Estudios Estratégicos, in Madrid, told me. “We support the transformation and Westernization of the Middle East. We defend the transition of Morocco from a monarchy to a constitutional monarchy. We are allies of the enemies of Al Qaeda in the Arab world. This point is not clearly understood by the Spanish people. We are a menace to Al Qaeda just because of who we are.”  
     
    


	 
      This is a continuation of the dispute covered  urlLink  here,   involving an online friend from California who is deeply offended by his hometown newspaper's publication of graphic photos of dead U.S. Marines in Iraq, and the newspaper's editors' justification of it because, as they wrote, "Liberals like Michael Moore claim the media hasn't done enough. News organizations, he states in his movie "Fahrenheit 9/11" have willingly shelved the most graphic footage in order to support President Bush's dubious rationale for starting the conflict."  He forwarded to me this recent letter to the editor of that newspaper (The Desert Dispatch, a daily that circulates in Barstow, Dagget, Fort Irwin, Hinkley, Lenwood, Newberry Springs and Yermo).     If the cause is just, showing death honors soldiers   I am not sure how hiding the horror of the deaths of those four U.S. Marines would honor their memory. If as one letter writer quotes in Denton's poem, "It is the solider, not the reporter, Who has given us freedom of the press," then it is the obligation of the press to honor that soldier's sacrifice by practicing the freedom he/she died to protect.  Should the death of our children be sanitized so that the American public can equate their deaths with the violence seen in the movies and video games where no real person is really harmed?  It is my belief if the cause is just, and our freedom is really on the line, the pictures of our sacrificed dead would be acceptable.   It is in the context of a war that was sold to us on the basis of false information, voted for by a Congress who circumvented their constitutional duty by giving the power to declare war to the President, and where the ugliness of war is hidden from us by those who want to protect their offices.   It would be more accurate to say the showing of the horror and reality of the deaths of these brave young people actually honors them more than sweeping their deaths under the rug of media self censorship.  I too am horrified by the deaths of these wonderfully vibrant parts of our future contributions to our society will never be realized.   We must not let a misguided and misrepresented view of honor bury our collective head in the proverbial sand.  Mr. Cooke who expresses concern over higher taxes if Bush is voted out of office seems to ignore the fact that the state and local taxes went up because of Bush's tax cuts and irresponsible spending on the Iraq war.  Going to war is a time to ask for sacrifice from ALL Americans, not just the young people of today who are being killed, but the young of tomorrow who will be footing the bill in the decades to come.  This would have been a good time for a national sales tax to pay for the war as we go, or, does the administration know that this war would not SELL if we had to actually pay for it now?    What an odd thing it is to be interested in fighting, but too lazy to find your own weapons to do it. This letter-writer takes a quotation from another's correspondence, someone he wishes to disagree with, and attempts to use it to batter his opponent. Someone should tell him not to grab the sword by the blade-end.   "It is the solider, not the reporter, Who has given us freedom of the press."   Very well, and just like the soldier, who is empowered to kill, we expect the press to wield its power responsibly, which includes withholding it in certain circumstances. The media honors the fallen soldier when it uses its freedom to tell all as sensibly and responsibly as the soldier, we trust, used his privilege to take lives.  The writer calls up the image of video game and movie deaths, as an example of the "sanitized" vision of death that he urges the newspaper to step well beyond. This, too, backfires on him. These graphic video game and movie images disturb a great many Americans, to judge by the continuing outrcry against them, and in fact video games and violent "entertainment" carry ratings for gore and violence which is meant to keep them away from the eyes of children. Is the Desert Dispatch's reader here suggesting the newspaper, too, carry such a rating?  But I understand why the writer prefers to argue using other people's ideas, because the home-brewed notion he serves up next is among the most curious and repulsive I've seen: "It is my belief if the cause is just, and our freedom is really on the line, the pictures of our sacrificed dead would be acceptable."   This is an either-or proposition, though only one half of it is stated. There can be only two options because you either run the photos of the dead soldiers on the battlefield (the option he mentions), or you don't.  He then goes on to divide wars based on "causes:" just wars in which our "freedom" is at risk, and, presumably, unjust wars in which it is not.  This shows how little he understands of the matter. The soldier's war, and his honor, are personal. He or she enlists to follow orders and fight, defend the nation and defeat its enemies. The politicians and the stay-at-homes and the media debate the purposes and consequences. Unless the soldier gets a direct order to do something he knows to be morally indefensible, and inconsistent with the code of honor of a warrior, he is bound to obey.  That is the awesome core of his responsibility, for which we pay him due honor, living and dead. He or she gives up a certain personal freedom, for a certain time, so that the rest of us can have it unimpeded all the time.  Soldiers fight and die in battles, not "causes." There are good and bad soldiers in every cause, in every war. The G.I.'s that liberated France in 1944 committed an estimated 3,620 rapes, killed POWs and looted civilian property. Many German soldiers in that war, from the start to the finish of their experience, behaved with the exemplary military discipline that was a hallmark of old Prussian culture. The majority of U.S. Marines in Vietnam fought an honorable war and saved many civilian lives; the North Vietnamese had their share of ruthless sadistic civilian-killers.  Consider the ridiculous idea that we ought to show the dead only of "just" wars, while showing the dead of "unjust" ones dishonors them. Taking this writer's position (and presuming a bit about his politics) the newspaper can show no pictures of American dead from Vietnam, but can show any of them from World War II, but it can't show German or Japanese dead from that war. And who can we show from World War I?  But of course the writer doesn't mean us to take seriously this wretched attempt at moral logic. He gives it away in the very next paragraph, where he breaks out in the dreary mantra of the anti-war party:  "It is in the context of a war that was sold to us on the basis of false information  (much of what is called false in the anti-war book turns out to be true -- Saddam really did try to buy uranium from Niger, there really are WMD in Iraq),  voted for by a Congress who circumvented their constitutional duty by giving the power to declare war to the President  (no war has been declared, so how is that so? Any more than in Kosovo or Korea?),  and where the ugliness of war is hidden from us by those who want to protect their offices."  (Yes of course, that's why you never see pictures of dead American soldiers in the newspapers or dead Iraqis in graphic detail on the movie screens across America)   And there's the essential contradiction of this letter, which drains it entirely of sense. The reader lets us know very clearly here that he regards this war as "unjust." And he's said it is morally proper to show photos of dead soldiers only in just wars. Yet he is cheering on the newspaper for publishing photos of dead soldiers in this war.  Beyond that, it's just a matter of picking apart the corpse of his thought. The same kind of non-thinking colors the next few paragraphs, where the writer first says it is the duty of future generations to pay their share of the war and then says it is our duty to tax ourselves to spare future generations the expense.  The one thing I agree with him about is that the public is not making enough sacrifices, or being asked to make enough, to show its commitment to the war on Islamist terror and the rebuilding of Iraq. No country serious about fighting a war that we all understand to be rooted, in part, in our dependency on Middle Eastern oil should be riding around in SUVs and complaining that the cost of gas is now nearly half what it is in European nations that are not at war here.  Organizations like  urlLink  Spirit of America   have collected hundreds of thousands of dollars for their activities in helping Iraqis rebuild their country. Groups that advertise they are sending care packages to soldiers find themselves swamped with donations. Taken together, the American voluntary contribution to this cause must be in the millions of dollars.  The difference between me and the writer of this is, he is willing to bet the country would balk at such a commitment, and I am certain we'd take it up in the spirit of our ancestors, if the case was made as plainly and clearly as the deceptions are made in the anti-war circles. 
     
    


	 
       urlLink  Dhimmi Watch   cites this article from the Guardian:    A Birmingham vicar was today accused of "political correctness gone mad" after calling for the historic Saracen's Head pub to be renamed because it offends Muslims.  Kings Norton's rector, Canon Rob Morris, said the name, which harks back to the Crusades, was "offensive," although he had heard no complaints.    The decision was "blasted" by a city councillor named Margaret Sutton: "It's political correctness gone mad. What next? Will they change the name of the church as well?" But Morris is persisting.    "The name we have got does manage to be offensive to Muslims and that's not what Christians stand for."  It's clearly disrespectful to another religious tradition in this city. We shall be looking for brilliant ideas for a name change that will signify something to all."  He said residents would be consulted about any change at the parish-owned building, although he acknowledged the name had been used "in all innocence for years by people who are very attached to it."    "Political correctness" is an overused term, but it's hard for me to discover any other reason why this name suddenly is objectionable. Perhaps it is the association of the Middle Eastern image with a drinking establishment. True, pious Muslims do not drink alcoholic liquor, but then a "Saracen," an ethnic designation older than Muhammad, is not the same as a "Muslim." And despite the religious strictures, many great poets of the Islamic world have celebrated the joys of wine.  The Evening Mail polled some Birmingham Muslims about the name and found they quite sensibly thought it was irrelevant and unoffensive. But Birmingham Central Mosque chairman Mohammed Naseem is quoted in the Guardian article as saying Saracens were a symbol of "hatred and animosity." But the article doesn't say what he means by that, and frankly I can't imagine why he feels that way.  Old-time taverns were not named for themselves, but for their signs. In an age before most people could write, you'd identify your house as a public house by displaying a wooden sign painted with some common or heraldic emblem. Dragons, blue balls, white horses, ships, unicorns, and boots all graced the signs of medieval English taverns. Chaucer's Tabard, immortalized in  The Canterbury Tales,  was the word for a knight's surcoat, and presumably this was what was painted on the inn's sign.  One of the common devices was a "head" of a well-known person or figure. "Tavern names such as King's Head, Druid's Head, Turk's Head, Alfred's Head, Boar's Head, are common" [Ewen, C. L'Estrange,  A History of Surnames of the British Isles,  London, 1931, p.231.]. In America "Indian's Head" was added to the list.  This doesn't mean a severed head. Rather it's a portrait of the upper body and head of the person in question. The distinction matters, because a number of people who commented on the Dhimmi Watch site have made the connection between this flap over the "Saracen's Head" and the recent beheadings of non-Muslims in the Middle East, including the American contractor Nick Berg.  One poster wrote, with delicious sarcasm (I hope):    Might I suggest renaming this unclean establishment the "Christian's Head"? The heads of real Christians could be placed on pikes in front of the building for advertising purposes. I'm sure that arrangements could be made for a continuing supply of fresh heads. Of course, once all the British people embrace Islam, there would develop a shortage of heads. I'm sure that importation from America could be arranged, but there really would be no need. There will be no vending of alcohol in the Islamic state.    To which someone replied, agreeing with the proposed new name "Christian's Head."    And gory make-believe heads should be placed outside on spikes, with names like Nicholas Berg etc., to remind everyone how the Islam of today still chops the heads off of Christians all around the world.    Oops ... Berg was Jewish.  So if the "head" part of the tavern name is inoffensive, perhaps the other part is.  Saracen is simply the old name for "Arab," and it goes right back through Latin ( saracenus ) and Greek ( sarakenos ). It was the name Greeks and Romans gave to the nomads of the Syrian and Arabian deserts. The ultimate source usually is said to be Arabic  Sharquiyin,  which is related to the Arabic word for "sunrise" and thus would mean "people to (or of) the East." In Medieval Europe, the name was associated (by folk etymology) with that of Sarah in the Old Testament, as though it meant "descendant of Sarah." It was a general name from the time of the Crusades for "Middle Eastern Muslim."  "Saracen's Head" and "Turk's Head" were used somewhat interchangeably in tavern names. "Turk," similarly, was applied vaguely and generally to Middle Eastern Muslims during the 16th and 17th centuries, when the Turkish Ottoman Empire was the chief Islamic power known in Europe. Just so, throughout the Islamic world during and after the Crusades, the word "Feringhee" was used generally to describe all Europeans, even though it is based on an Arabic pronunciation of "Frank," the old name of the French.  One of the stories behind the origin of the "Saracen's/Turk's Head" tavern name was that it indicated that the tavern-keeper was a veteran of the Crusades, and the sign advertised the fact that patrons could expect to hear exotic tales of foreign lands.  Another origin-story involves gruesome tales of a sultan's chef, who, when asked for some special meat delicacy that he could not prepare, killed his own son, cooked the corpse, and served it to his ruler, bringing the boy's head out as the last course. There is an account of something like this in the tale of Astyages, the mad Persian king, in Herodotus [1.119], and a similar story is told of the House of Atreus in the Triojan War cycle. Yet this likely is a just-so story, imagined by people unfamiliar with the old tavern signs, which hardly drip gore.  Very likely many of the old Saracen's Heads were named for specific characters, but as time passed the original associations were lost and generic names took their place. A colonial Philadelphia beer house that originally appears on the records as "Kouli Khan" (presumably a corruption of "Kublai Khan") later is called merely "Turk's Head." A likely inspiration for many of these tavern signs was Saladin, regarded as a romantic, chivalrous hero in the old tales (Though, as a Kurd, he technically was neither Saracen nor Turk). Hardly a sign of disrespect.  Turk's Heads or Saracen's Heads were less common in America than in England. There was a Turk's Head outside Philadelphia in the 18th century that gave its name to the village that grew up around it. The village became a town when the county seat moved there, but at the same time it gave up its colorful old name for more dignified-sounding one, a name not associated with a log tavern. But the people never forgot it, and still the Turk's Head name appears there as part of the names of various businesses, and the tavern's old sign hangs prominently in the local historical society. The dark, turbaned Turk, neither smiling nor scowling, looks without blinking over the other relics of the old borough.  The modern name of the place is West Chester. It's just a little town, but you may have heard of it if you followed the news this year. It's the hometown of Nick Berg. 
     
    


	 
      The New York Times is reporting on the  urlLink  Spanish government's proposal   to give cash payments to the nation's 200 or so mosques. In the Times story, this is presented as a smart anti-terrorist measure.    The Spanish government has begun formal discussions on a proposal to expand financing to religious institutions, and security officials say that one intention is to subsidize mosques to make them less dependent on money from militant groups abroad.  The Justice Ministry proposal, which legal scholars say is likely to test the limits of Spain's separation of church and state, reflects a widespread belief among counterterrorism officials here that Spanish mosques are vulnerable to the influences of militant groups because they feel the need to turn to the militants for money.    Antonio Camacho, the secretary of state security at the Interior Ministry, says, "It's about keeping them from having to look outside for financing because the state does not, in a way, support their activities."  But then later, he says, "This is not about controlling them, no, no, no. It's about guaranteeing freedom of religion, because they won't feel committed to outside channels for financing."  The local Islamic leaders quoted in the story insist their financing comes from their own worshippers. But a Justice Ministry officials is cited as saying significant financing for Spanish mosques comes from untraceable sources in Saudi Arabia and Morocco.  So, under the new plan, the government offers them money, and makes no attempt to tie that money to any commitment to Spanish democracy and a free society. It makes no attempt to link the donation to a turning away from foreign (perhaps Wahhabist or worse) cash. It allows an Islamist imam, if he chooses, to take his foreign cash and augment it with a government grant. It only throws money at the mosques and hopes for the best.  This is a nation where the imact of Islamist terror is not an abstract, but a very real experience. This from a government that refuses to even listen to what is being preached in these mosques.    The Socialist government, elected in March just three days after the Madrid bombings, has been cautious in discussing its proposal. In May, it drew criticism from Islamic leaders and civil liberties groups by suggesting that Spanish laws needed to be altered to allow the government to monitor Muslim sermons.  It quickly backed away from the idea, and officials are now careful to avoid describing any proposals as an effort to control the mosques.    According to the Times, Jesús Núñez Villaverde, director of the Institute for the Study of Conflicts and Humanitarian Action, "told Parliament recently that Spain must find a way to dilute the presence of 'fundamentalist religious expression that is financed through its own channels, and for which we have not one single instrument of influence, contact or association.' "  But I don't think paying them protection money is the answer.
     
    


	 
      High up in the  urlLink  New York Times' Sunday profile of Fuaad Ahmed al-Jawary, a Baghdad defense attorney,   is a lovely bit of spin.    It might be hard to imagine that in a place where bombs keep blowing up and raw sewage splashes in the streets there would be a functioning legal system, complete with subpoenas, autopsies, objections, search warrants, evidence reports and public defenders.    Red flag: the missing subject in the copula sentence. "It might be hard" for  whom  to imagine this? Really, the answer is "the reporter and the editor." But the sentence structure draws the reader into the conspiracy. It's pure manipulation and editorializing.  This is pretty typical reporting for the Times, I've noticed. Every now and then the Times reporters will write on some positive development in Iraq. They're not going to ignore a "good story" even if it smacks of "good news." But always, near the top, you'll find the graph that tells you, this is the exception.  "We all know Iraq is a great big George Bush quagmire, don't we? We've told you that many times. Well, here's a bit of local color you'll enjoy, and you might mistake it for evidence of progress. But we're going to couch it in these terms just so you're sure not to falter in your faith in everything else we've been feeding you."  There's sewage in the streets of Bolivia and Bangladesh, too. Does it surprise the Times to learn that those countries have courts?  As for violence, it's bad, but most people in Iraq never get close to it personally (see the polls and surveys), and the Times' quip reminds me of the many Europeans I've encountered who assume that all Americans live in fear for their lives and get in shoot-outs every day because that's the bulk of what they see in their media (and Hollywood movies) about life in the U.S.  And frankly, if you've been getting your Iraq news solely from the Times and media outlets like it, you  would  think that way, and require that reassurance of your world-view that it was all a terrible mistake and we've ruined a good country.  It would have been just as easy, and more true, to write, "in a nation still rebuilding after decades of tyrannical repression, the Iraqis have reclaimed their legal system and, with the help and protection of the U.S., it is thriving."  But that would be too much like  urlLink  good news from Iraq.  
     
    


	 
      Every week, the newspaper runs a multiple choice survey question on the editorial page. It's hardly a scientific poll -- one person with an agenda and no life can sit there and dial in the same answer over and over and there's no way to detect the ballot-stuffing. But sometimes the way you ask a question reveals more than the answers.  Recently I was copy-editing an editorial page with that week's question. The gist of it was, "what is the most important issue in the upcoming election." Choices were: economy, health care, foreign policy, environment, education.  Usually I just keep my mouth shut and say nothing. Usually I know it's only going to earn me uncomprehending stares and suspicious whispering. But this time I couldn't help myself from writing in the margin, "what about 'war on terror'?"  After I handed it back to the editorial page editor, and he read it, he approached me and said, "well, I figure that's included under 'foreign policy.' "  There it is again: the two Americas. Not the two John Edwards talks about, but the one that thinks we're in a dangerous war against a deadly enemy, and the one that thinks the attack on New York and the success or failure of Iraq are to be lumped in with peanut subsidies for Malawi.
     
    


	 
       urlLink  MEMRI   has translated this wonderful article from London-based Al Hayat, the foremost international daily newspaper for the international Arab-speaking market. Al Hayat is the kind of objective and independent publication that I'd love to see blossom in Iraq and, eventually, across the Arab world.  It's written by Sheikh Abd Al-Hamid Al-Ansari, the former Dean of the Faculty of Sharia at the University of Qatar. The title is "Following the 9/11 Commission, do the Arabs have the Courage to Reconsider their Position?" He points out the ridiculous conspiracy theories that abounded after 9/11, and, after looking at the full U.S. joint commission report of that day, he challenges his peers to either support their claims or apologize.   The 9/11 Commission depicted the full and accurate picture of the attacks, their planning, their perpetration, the perpetrators, and their nationalities. The report clarified that the idea of the attacks was conceived by Khaled Sheikh Muhammad, who admitted that he first discussed the idea of attacking the World Trade Center with commercial planes with his nephew Ramzi Yousef [the architect of the first World Trade Center bombing in 1993]. They discussed it again when they planned the Bojenka conspiracy in Manila in 1995, which aimed at hijacking commercial planes on 10 American targets, including the 4 targets chosen for September 11, American intelligence headquarters, the highest tower in California, and nuclear reactors. He presented the plan to Osama bin Laden and the Al-Qa'ida leaders, who at first weren't enthusiastic about it because of its complexity and magnitude, but in April 1999 bin Laden invited him to Kandahar and told him that Al-Qa'ida supported his idea. Bin Laden chose the first four suicide bombers after the original plan was changed.   The American report also describes how the four trained to fly commercial planes in America and how they established four groups, the first group led by the Egyptian Muhammad Atta, with four hijackers. The second group would be led by Marwan Al-Sheihi, from the Emirates, with four hijackers. The third group, led by the Saudi Hani Hanjur, with four hijackers. The fourth group was led by the Lebanese Ziad Al-Jarrah with three hijackers, totaling 19 hijackers. The report criticizes the CIA, stating that they missed 10 opportunities to discover their activities. It claims that there were flaws in the operation, capabilities, forecasts, and policies of the CIA, and that it needs to undergo major changes. President Bush responded to the recommendations and has begun implementing them.    No doubt the Americans are going to draw practical lessons from the report in order to prevent their recurrence of their failings. But what about us? What about the Arabs who are the active element in this conspiracy?    After September 11, we blamed the Israeli Mossad for planning the attacks. This belief prevailed not only among popular circles. Intellectuals and high-level figures held to this belief, validating it by their allegation that 4,000 Jews didn't come to work at the World Trade Center on that cursed morning, and by the arrest of the Jews who gleefully took pictures of the destruction.   Another group among us blamed the American extremist right for planning the attacks in order to provide a justification to attack Afghanistan and spread American hegemony in Central Asia. We are also very happy with the book written by the French crook Thierry Meyssan, 'The Appalling Fraud,' who became a millionaire thanks to our stupidity in translating the book into Arabic and disseminating it. Another group, headed by Muhammad Hassanein Hayka l, blamed the Yugoslavian Serbs for carrying out the attack in revenge for America's attacks on them.    The question must be asked: Are those who blame the Mossad, the American Right, and the Serbs still holding strong to their convictions? What do they say about the American report? Do our religious leaders, especially those who appear so many times on the satellite channels and who have a monopoly on programs on Al-Jazeera, still hold to the conviction that Al-Qa'ida and bin Laden [are] innocent of the September 11 attacks? These leaders used to say that bin Laden is a miserable sheikh who has no capability of planning operations at this high a level of accuracy and planning, and that the 9/11 attacks were perpetrated by the Americans themselves in order to prepare for attacks on Muslims and Islam.    Moreover, one of our religious leaders claims that America is absolutely certain that bin Laden is innocent and he is being blamed because of their Crusader approach that hates Islam and Muslims. Does this sheikh and the others who held these conspiratorial theories and spread them - do they have the courage to apologize for their words, mistakes, and misleading of other people after all the facts have now been clarified, or are they going to continue with their arrogant stubbornness as if this whole matter doesn't relate to them?   One of the absurdities is that while Al-Qa'ida and its supporters are proud of their deeds, calling them the 'Manhattan Raid,' and even printing advertisements in London in commemoration of the 9/11 attacks, with pictures of the 'magnificent 19' -– our religious, cultural, and political elite [are] struggling to deny that [the Arabs] could have had anything to do with it.    Do we have the courage to criticize ourselves, to admit to our fault, and to apologize as many people do, or is it one of our hidden qualities that we are a people that are incapable of apologizing? Why won't we take the opportunity of the appearance of the 9-11 Commission's report to ponder why destructive violence and a culture of destruction have taken root in our society? Why won't we take this opportunity to reconsider our educational system, our curricula, including the religious, media, and cultural discourse that causes our youth to live in a constant tension with the world?    As Daniel Pipes (and others) say, "Radical Islam is the problem; moderate Islam is the solution." The Middle East -- and the world -- need more outlets like Al Hayat, more voices like Al-Ansari. But there's not a handful of major media in the Dar as Islam that would print this. I think the "Star" in Lebanon might, but I'm having a hard time naming a second candidate.
     
    


	 
      The U.S. government may have a hard time envisioning a useful role for the United Nations, but the Islamist fundamentalists do not.  urlLink  This article   is based on remarks by Maulana Fazlur Rehman, Chief of Jamiat Ulema-i-Islam, the powerful hard-line Taliban-linked political party in Pakistan. He spoke at an international Islamic conference in Birmingham, England.   Opposition Leader in National Assembly Maulana Fazlur Rehman on Monday  demanded that the United Nations should declare the defamation of Prophet Muhammad (Peace Be Upon Him) an international crime.    Addressing a large gathering here, Maulana Fazl said the UN needed to adopt a blasphemy law to protect the honour of Prophet Muhammad (PBUH) and respected figures of other religions and faiths.   He denounced the anti-Islamic attitude by the West and spurned as baseless charges of involvement of Muslims in terrorist acts.   ... Maulana Fazl said Europe should not consider Muslims an enemy but study Islamic teachings. He said to fight terrorism with terrorism was leading the world to destruction.   He said a great number of Qadiyanis were converting to Islam.  [ed. note: this sect, like the Ahmadis, mentioned later, is a minority splinter group that practices a modified form of Islam in South Asia.]   He said attempts to repeal or amend the blasphemy law and Hudood Ordinance in the Muslim countries were under duress by western countries.   Fazl said to differentiate between Jihad and terrorism was need of the hour.   "Those who declare Islam as a religion of terrorism are the real fanatics and extremists," he said.   He said Muslims were ready to render every sacrifice to protect the honour and sanctity of Prophet Muhammad (PBUH) and the belief of finality of his prophethood.   The ratio of conversion to Islam had raised very much after 9/11 incidents, he said, adding that negative reports against Islam, Muslims and Islamic states were published by the western media after Qadiyanis and Ahmadis restored  [ed.: resorted?]  to malicious propaganda in this regard.    "Muslim countries should raise their voices in the UN for the protection of the honour and sanctity of Prophet Muhammad (PBUH) and the belief of Khatme Nubuwwat,"  he said.    The story notes that "scholars and participants from all European countries including Great Britain, Germany, Norway, Belgium, Denmark, as well as Pakistan, India, Bangladesh attended the conference." It claims that "more than 20,000 people participated in the conference."
     
    


	 
       urlLink  Iranian writer Samira Mohyeddin   has a nobly indignant editorial about the unpunished beating death of a Canadian-Iranian photographer while being interrogated in a Tehran jail. Her crime? Taking pictures of student protesters against the Islamic theocracy.   The Kazemi verdict is in and no one is guilty. No one is guilty for the seventy-two hour detention, torture, and killing of a Canadian photojournalist.  The official story from Iran is almost as absurd, as it is puzzling. First, Kazemi had a brain attack. Second, she was hit on the head. Third, she had low blood pressure, because she was on a hunger strike and, as a result, fell down.   On Wednesday July 28, 2004, more than a year after her death, Iran's judiciary proclaimed, "that the incident leading to the death of the late Kazemi was because of a drop in her blood sugar level caused by a hunger strike, thus making her fall from a standing position and get hurt."   Her son, in Canada, has called for the government there to do something, anything, in reaction to the murder of one of its citizens. Finally, the government has decided what to do:   Foreign Affairs Minister Pierre Pettigrew ... hinted at further legal or diplomatic steps to put pressure on Iran, saying the Canadian government is "reviewing its options." But he stopped short of announcing any concrete initiatives.   One suggestion is that Ottawa take the case to the International Court of Justice at The Hague.  Good friggin' luck there, neighbor.  Mohyeddin has a clearer sense of indignation about this:   The truth is that a Canadian photojournalist was illegally detained, beaten, tortured, and killed. For Canada to continue its fruitless engagement with the Islamic Republic of Iran is not only non-sensical, but also disingenuous. It was a Canadian that penned the Universal Declaration of Human Rights in 1948, a declaration that the Iranian government is a signatory to, and Canada must occupy a prominent role in its enforcement.  
     
    


	 
      Comes from one of the European outlets picked up in the  urlLink  BBC's world press round-up      To a great degree there is no Democratic party candidate John Kerry. There is an abstract "anti-Bush" candidate who has been compelled, in accordance with the US electoral system, to take on human form and assume a human name ....    Sergei Lopatnikov in Russia's  Russky Kuryer     
     
    


	 
      The "Telegraph" reports that  urlLink  "Australia aggravated a diplomatic row with Spain yesterday by accusing the socialist government of encouraging terrorists."     Brushing aside the furious response to earlier comments pointing the finger at Madrid, Alexander Downer, the foreign minister, said he would not apologise.  He said that Spain and the Philippines needed "to face up to the truth" that by withdrawing their contingents from Iraq they had allowed themselves to be exploited by terrorists.  "There is no point in trying to scurry away from the truth," Mr Downer said. "I am sensitive about the fact that terrorists use the examples of Spain and the Philippines to put pressure on Australia.  "If you accede to the demands of terrorists, they will exploit the acceding to their demand. ... We are not going to apologise. We shall let bygones be bygones."  The comments caused great offence in Madrid. Australia's ambassador there was summoned to be told that the comments were "unacceptable."   To which  urlLink  No Pasaran   suggests the appropriate response:   I hope that Australia's ambassador answered that he did not see why the smug Spaniards (like the French) should have the right to haughtily disdain coalition members as poodles, and this from their passive, non-interventionist position where they risk nothing (any more); and why the Australians, who, like their coalition allies (i.e., those who have not pulled out their troops from Iraq), face blackmail and terrorist threats (because actively engaged, with troops on the ground) should not have the right to voice their opinion, notably on the threats in question and what these have accomplished among their (former) allies.  ... It is true that as far as opinions are concerned, we're back to double standards. (We never left them, did we?) One has the right, even the duty, to ridicule and castigate America and is allies, but let no one even think of putting into doubt the good intentions, the rationality, the humanism, the vision, the love of peace, and the  lucidité  (as well as  le courage ) of the members of the peace camp.  
     
    


	 
      By John Koopman c.2004 San Francisco Chronicle  BAGHDAD, Iraq -- Rwaida's death hit everyone hard.  Partly because she was a buddy they had known for a long time. Mostly, because she was an innocent, brutally slain for the simple reason that she worked for the Americans.  "Rwaida was a pal, she was a running buddy," said Staff Sgt. Tom Kelly of New Orleans. In the Army, a running buddy is the best kind of friend. Someone you run with, hang out with.  Rwaida Al Shemre worked as an interpreter for the 3rd Battalion, 82nd Field Artillery Regiment in central Baghdad. On July 5, an Iraqi driver picked her up at her home and started toward the Army base near the airport. A car drove in front of them and blocked them in. Another pulled up behind. Someone approached the car and fired at Rwaida and the driver.  Rwaida was hit four times. She was shot once in the face. Another in the arm, a defensive wound. She died before she reached the hospital. She was 33.  Capt. Dave Minaschek, of Sierra Vista, Ariz., said soldiers are trying to find out who killed her. It means a lot to them, because Rwaida meant a lot to them.  This is the harsh reality for people who work with U.S. forces in Iraq. Some killings make the headlines, or the Internet. But many more happen on the streets and in the darkness, and almost no one knows about them.  Interpreters are particularly easy targets for insurgents, or anyone with a grudge against the U.S. forces. They are unarmed and often unguarded when they leave base.  The gunmen seem to target the female interpreters. Rwaida was one of four interpreters killed in the central and southern part of the city in the last two weeks.  Soldiers with the Army's Brigade Combat Team 5 said a female interpreter was kidnapped as she left the front gate in mid-July. Her father was killed in the street and she was taken away, only to be found dead later.  "God knows what they did to her," said one soldier who knew of the incident.  Some interpreters live with the soldiers in the Forward Operating Bases. Others live off-base. They all take great care to hide their identities while they translate exchanges between the Americans and Iraqis. Some men wear bandannas over their faces, and the women pull head scarves down low.  Some wear body armor; most don't. They never use their real names at work; the soldiers refer to them by American names like "Doris" or "Eric." Rwaida went by "Sally."  No one seems to know where she learned English. Kelly said Rwaida had a brother in Canada, and often added "eh?" to her sentences.  Rwaida, a hairdresser, first worked for the Army unit that preceded this one at the base. Capt. James Zoizack of the 4th Battalion, 1st Field Artillery, 1st Armored Division, heard her call out a greeting when he was on patrol and talked her into coming to work for the Americans. She made good money at it, by Iraqi standards: about $400 a month.  When she was working with Zoizack's unit, she once saw that a man had pulled a gun and was about to shoot an American. She tried to push the soldier out of the way, Kelly said, and ended up with a flesh wound in her abdomen.  When 3rd Battalion, 82nd Field Artillery came along, she became the interpreter. And she was a good one, Kelly said. She did more than just translate Arabic into English, he said, she explained things to both Iraqis and Americans. If she thought an Iraqi contractor was trying to cheat or lie, or if she heard one Iraqi tell another to cheat or lie in front of the soldiers, she would say so.  The soldiers learned to count on her for more than just language skills.  "She was one of us," Kelly said.  If a soldier was sick, Rwaida would bring a special Iraqi soup, the local version of chicken soup, to make him better.  She was a single mother. Her husband had left her not long after her daughter was born. She had sent her 10-year-old daughter to live in Jordan with a sister while she worked for the Americans. Soldiers would flirt with her, ask her if she would consider marrying an American.  "How much money you got, eh?" she would ask, then laugh.  But working with the Americans, and perhaps because she was an assertive woman in an area where women are supposed to be docile, she caught the attention of various Iraqis. There were veiled threats. Sometimes soldiers would notice a certain body language between her and the Iraqis. Later, Rwaida would tell the soldiers that she had been asked things like, "Why are you working for the Americans?" and "Where do you live?" or "Don't I know you, what's your name?"  At least twice, she was threatened outright: "Don't work with the coalition," Capt. Minaschek said.  She never listened. But she did make plans to leave the country to make a better life for her daughter. She had gotten papers to move to Canada to live with her brother and was preparing to leave at the end of the year, after the battalion returns to the United States.  "She said she liked the battalion and she didn't want to leave while we were still here," Kelly said. "She didn't even want to leave Iraq, really. She said she wanted to come back in a couple of years and live here."  The day of her death, the news stunned the soldiers. At first they heard that she had been wounded, and the driver killed. They rushed to the hospital and found a harried doctor.  Where could they find Al Shemre?  "That one is dead," the doctor said.  The soldiers stood in stunned silence. They asked to see her body and were taken to the morgue.  "She was laid out on the floor," Kelly said. "We told them to put her on a bed. Her family was on their way to see her."  The soldiers put together a memorial ceremony at their compound. Dozens showed up, including 15 members of her family -- her daughter Doa'a; her mother; two sisters; a brother; and various cousins. Off at the side was a table with a photo of Rwaida and some of her belongings.  When a soldier dies in combat, his or her comrades walk past the memorial -- usually a rifle stuck in the ground with helmet on top -- and salute. After Rwaida's ceremony ended, the soldiers walked past the table and saluted.  "Her death hit me harder than anything I've experienced over here," said Capt. Evans Hanson of Houston, who worked closely with her.  "Rwaida went out with troops hundreds of times and faced dangers everywhere she went," Hanson said at her memorial service. "She looked powerful men in the eye and faced them without fear, because she knew they were up to no good. No one could say she wasn't a strong woman."  But she had a soft side, too.  "Near a school in Yarmouk, we found a family living between mud walls with no food or shelter," Hanson said. "Sgt. Kelly asked if we should stop and help. I callously said, "Forget it. We can't help everyone. All we have is toothpaste anyway.'  "Rwaida said, "No, help them a little bit just!' That day, we made some lasting friends just by listening a little. Rwaida taught me how to care."  Two days after Rwaida was killed, a young woman showed up, looking for a job as an interpreter. Kelly interviewed her.  "I felt like I had to explain the situation, and make sure she understood the danger," Kelly said. "I told her that a previous interpreter had just been killed. She just said, "God will protect me."'  The new interpreter, who the soldiers call Nadia, studied English at a local university. She's 22, the oldest of four children, the only girl. She wants to go to the United States someday.  "I am not afraid," she said. "I know this is my duty and that I should do that."  She said she appreciates the money she earns, but the amount is not material. "Morals should be the most important thing for everyone."  "I have great respect for the Christian people," she said. "They respect God and I love God. Too many Muslims hurt each other."
     
    
    
